Nothing special. $18 for fried rice. Growing up I better and we served it for breakfast.
Extremely slow pharmacy, even when not busy.
I always enjoy eating here because their service is always good. They always ask how you are doing and if everything is good with the food. Their food comes out pretty quick and I usually order panang chicken. I also recommend eating their honey walnut shrimp and pad Thai, it's so delicious.
Great Easter brunch.  Best ever!  Can't wait til next year.  They do it right!!!\nKids at a blast with bunny-land, pony rides, magic show, jumpers and more.  From the time we arrived, til the time we left, world class experience.
Black and White Limo transported us to and from our destination safely and smoothly! We will be returning customers without a doubt!   We definately refer this business to anyone who needs a ride to and from anywhere! :)
Great pizza, great service. New style pizza and wings. Crust is nice and crispy. Closest to New York you will get. A+
This place is delicious. Service is great, super clean, relaxed atmosphere. Food is amazing and the prices are unbelievably affordable. Great for families!!!
simple, beautuful space inside with delicious coffee!
Went there after a great night of watching my daughter sing at UNLV. Then everthing went wrong. Out of menu items, mushy food, fishy fish, etc. Last visit there was 5 years ago, next visit ............ 10 years? Wish they could get it right.
Just make sure the dont scratch your car!  The tint job is fine but I found several scuff marks on my car.  That was disappointing.
Country Benny So good could live off of it!
They are outta there...they closed
This place used to be awesome there is  mold in the gym there is no security. No one is here to clean the property,it is disgusting. They have just fired the concierge service .you will pay a fortune to live here and there's no amenities here. They have commented fraud. Don't move here
Food is good, but we walked out after we were told to sit down then ignored as the lone waitress helped ten people who ordered at the counter.  This will affect if we ever come back.\nUpdate: I've gone back and the key is to never sit down before ordering.
Gross, sketchy, white trash, and filled with drug dealers.\n\nBartender can't make a margarita to save his life.
Definitely my new favorite go to restaurant in Vegas.  Found this place today and had an awesome meal which was real authentic Mexican.
Fun place to get wet in the summer heat. This park has a large wave pool but not a lot of slides. Found the slides just OK. Think they are over due for something new.
Bad daddy's grilled cantina burger is my favorite veggie burger in Charlotte. And the tater tots are not to be missed. Service here is always good, prices are reasonable enough.
Great service and tastes good.. But boyfriend and I got food poisoning after we got home...so not eating here again.
The best!  Incredible theatres, seats, screen size, menu.  I can't imagine going back to Harkins or AMC after this experience.
I have been taking both my dogs here for about 6 years.. we love it. Only had one bad experience and it was a new girl, who isn't there anymore :)
This is another good cheap Las Vegas Buffet.  Taco's are pretty good, the fish is pretty bad.  They also ran out of bean sprouts for the Mongolian Grille.  Regardless, I will go back many many more times.  Can't beat the price.
Very nice library. \n\nGood selection of books, competent staff, plentiful reading space and very interesting interior.
Gollo Burro excellent customer sercive and now they have Roger Cline's Mexican Moonshine.  The chips and salsa are also very good.
The staff at Sonoran Hills Dental were amazing. They make the experience as stress free as possible and walked me through every step of the way. I would recommend this clinic to anyone who has anxiety about going to the dentist.
Excellent treatment! I had a pedi...I run a lot so many calluses but they knew to leave a bit for running. Great on cuticles. Recommend for anyone visiting N Las Vegas! Wish they were located by me in KC!!
Absolutely fantastic! Thank you for all you do! A delicious Flavor Bam all day!
This is not a crique typical show. It was more like a Broadway show. I think the theatre was nicer then the show. I didn't like it at all   It did not do justice for Michael Jackson.  If he was alive I think he would be embarrassed of the quality of the show.
I took my one and two year old here.  They had fun.  I think the \"big kid\" area was a little overwhelming for my two year old.  It was very clean.  Four stars because its a bit $$$.  It was $18 for both my children.
Good service and bbq
The waiter brought a bloody burger to me ....ugh I asked for well done........this is not good
Massage Therapists: great!  Management: less than favorable. I've been a member for over a year, and in general, they simply make being a member more of a pain than a pleasure. Unfortunate, but true at least for me.
Love all Teavana's but this one needs some better employees. I didn't expect much since it is in South Park or should I say snobville! The teas will always be good though!
Affordable, fast, taste awesome!\nI love garlic shrimp. Staff are nice and friendly. \nIt's a simple but good !
Fast food version of Mad Greek on sahara and Durango.  Best appetizers such fried artichokes, wrapped grape-leaves, shrimp/crab puffs. Clean and beatiful.  Try fried artichokes with cucumber sauce
Overpriced food, and definitely nothing special. I ordered a Chili Cheese Dog and firmly believe I could of got a better one on Freemont for a quarter of the price .
They have every kind of dried food you can think of! Fish, nuts, fruit - all kinds and they have bulk candy! There was line when I went there on Saturday morning, so be prepared.
Went back a couple days ago...I don't have anything good to say about the salespeople so...Tea still seems way...way over priced. I would recommend many of the fine Asian markets around Charlotte.
All staff are in a team meeting and customers are asked to wait. It's been 15 minutes and they are still in a \"team meeting\". Glad these guys put customers first.
Sa cha beef was very decent. Good service, relatively clean. I'll come back.
My previous visits to this place left me quite unimpressed but recently there seems to have been a marked improvement in the food quality. The ingredients are fresher and the food is tastier. Service is friendly and the place itself remains clean, spacious, and bright as before.
OMG the food was so good. What an awesome place. Steak was cooked perfectly. THe prices arent priced to high, very reasonable. I will definetly be coming here everytime I visit Vegas. My server was Mitch, he was awesome. Ask for him if you decide to try this place out.
The pho and broth was exceptional and recommend number 18 for meat lovers. \n\nDisappointment was with the spring rolls and service, however the pho made up for all of that.
TypicalMexican fare - it was pretty good but nothing special. The pollo fundido was pretty good and the bean burrito seemed pretty well executed but again there a million places like this in Phoenix.
When you ask for NO SAUCE and to put it on the side that means no sauce and on the side. Its really annoying and ruins your evening when you have to ring out your gyro before you eat it. Not to mention it was closing as I got my order
This is a great Thai restaurant !!! My husband and I eat here very often. The Pad Thai is wonderful and so is the Himalai.\nA great atmosphere, the servers are very attentive, the food is served in good time.\nIt is highly recommended!!!
Great food. Good service. Had the pasta fazzoletti for lunch. It was a little messy, but it was right after lunch hour.
Great Mexican food, one of the best in Las Vegas. I Love the live music and the environment. Great service & everyone is super friendly! I definitely reccommend.
Beware! If you're a darker skinned person or do not fit the culture they will discriminate against you.  Waited 20 minutes fir pho that takes a few minutes to prep.  Went with my best friend and we're never going back.  I thought that we were beyond that. ...smh
So I love the food here but just got told on a Friday at 5:20pm that I had to leave because they were booked for the whole night. It's a small sushi joint. Why are the taking reservations?!?!?!  First come first served.
Pros: High quality ingredients. Several different flavors. \n\nCons: I paid $3 for a Popsicle? My friend paid $3 for basically a dream-sickle.
I've taken my vehicles since Discount Tires has opened in Laveen.  Izzy, has always been fair with the price, and taken the time to find me the best deal in town to earn my business.
Everything I've tried here has been amazing. There is a waitress there named Debbie & just the sweetest lady ever.
Great pizza it's different from your ordinary pizza places i recommend this place if your ever near by this location . Pizza was made fresh and tasted amazing .
Ate here last night with 11 friends - maybe the worst meal we've ever had. Food was cold. Almost broke a tooth on a French Fry. No table service. Place was dirty. Do you get the idea it was bad?\nSkip it and save yourself a possible trip to the dentist.
Pretty darn good. We did a surprise 6 course tasting, and that was pretty good. I didn't get a chance to taste the menu.
Delicious chicken sandwich. Wife loved the arugula chicken salad. Great staff and atmosphere for a 2 year old. Get more than 1 high chair though!
They always take weeks to get things done & overcharged. I was ok with that when they did a good job. But then they stopped doing a good job. Not worth the hassle anymore & do a poor job.
We just stopped here. We received excellent service and the bathrooms were clean. The cheese curds are yummy. We also bought some fudge and some honey sticks. It is conveniently located and very cute. I only wish that they cold have fried up some curds for me. Great little shop!
Great place for people watching. Although, they continue to have slow service. The drinks run dry. You should not have to flag your waiter down or get the hostess to take your drink order. But I come back for the atmosphere and location. They would get a 5 star if they would get the service down.
Fantastic Service! I took my non-working HTC google G2 phone there (it got wet). They totally fixed it in 5 days; I am very happy with the their work!
Had to be the worst experience I have ever had. Got double with cheese and fries to go. Burger had no cheese, toppings left off an others added, no fries and charged for all. I am guilty for not taking everything out of the bag and doing inventory, but don't think I should have to.
Not too many sandwich (i.e. any) sandwich places offer Gluten free options, but their unwich option is awesome!
Amazing knowledge of foods that are healthy for type preys!   They have coupons also!
Fast service! The order was made correctly and was delicious. Friendly staff. We had an order of 3 large pizzas and they were all good. Much better than other experiences I've had with Pizza Hut!
Food was good, but not good enough to justify the prices.
My favorite airline to fly by far.
Food was ok, a bit overpriced, but it was in the casino. But the service took forever for coffee, over 20 minutes to get the bill after asking for it. stick with the basics, oatmeal, french toast, dont try anything fancy because they don't do it well.
i should have read the reviews before i came here .... there was a lady in the chair when i showed up, when i was done she was still in the pedi chair i felt rushed and pushed thru ... i'll never go back
1st time x'perience - LOVED IT! quaint place and off the beaten path...trust me, it's really good food! And the red velvet cake is so good.
It was fun, but every plate was very very bland.  I was visiting for a week and decided to try this place based on the reviews.  Absolutely not worth the price.  The Foie Gras was the only thing worth anything in the place.
Don't think ill ever try this chain ever again. The only thing even slightly decent was the coffee.  Advertised fresh cracked eggs but was surely misled they were pulled from a holding tray. Disappointed to say the least how does a bagel place run out of plain bagels ?
great ayce. orders come out really fast. the sushi can take some time though. one time we were done eating before the sushi came out. but their food is really good.
Very dissappointed on their service. The girls handling the order over the phone were rude! They delivered the cupcakes a day late! Not a call back all day, saying they were going to be late. Cupcakes were not that well decorated or made. Should of looked at another place. Don't waste your money here!
Arrive after 12\nLiquor creates weird dancers\nSlut it up with friends!\n\n(b)
Really love the vibe of this place. They make a killer Moscow Mule and always have great music playing. The prices are also really decent for this upcoming area. Lookout for their locals only red cad for drink discounts. Lastly - La Thai is right next door!
gross. I hate to write bad reviews...but this place is just not my place to be. bad quality of food for sure.
I love that they rotate flavors! My favorites so far are one of the specials with white chocolate and dried cranberries and the Nutty Pig (I picked one with just a bit of blue cheese).
Quaint brunch spot in North Scottsdale.  Coming from Portland, I appreciate the local and small business focus of this eatery.  Tarragon biscuits for the benedicts are very good.  I wish Yelp would let me rate 4.5 stars.
Big greasy delicious slices, it was one of the best pizzas I've ever had
I still haven't set up my computer and printer at home so I need to scan a couple photo to email a friend and their photo center is not capable to do so. That's was a bummer
Fantastic service! He made the whole home inspection process easy and painless. He was punctual and professional. At the end of our inspection, he spent 40 minutes with us reviewing the full report and showing us important aspects of our home. We had the full report within a couple hours of our inspection. I will recommend to everyone I know!
Cool atmosphere and motif. The beer list is good and the prices aren't bad. Good selection of food items and the sandwiches are delicious.
Subway can't hold a candle to this place!  I was surprised how great their paninis are for $5,50.  High Quality ingredients for the price too.
The two stars are only for service, the meat and seafood did not seem fresh at all. Highly disappointed with the quality of the food. You can pay a little more for good sushi at Jade at the ballantyne village,\nGo there instead.
Bland food, bland decor, bland everything.  Nothing memorable here, the food was ok.. the servers looked terrible in old black t shirts.  The decorations were hung too high to be seen.  No outside sign.  No real reason to go back.
Great place to look at and great atmosphere, but the main meals were all cold when they arrived at the table. Our beer that we ordered was room temperature and quite disappointing. I wouldn't recommend dining here if you're looking for hot food and cold drinks.
This is the BEST location in the West Valley. Arrowhead is always too packed and the Metro Center location never makes the food the same. They always get me in quickly and the food is consistantly good. I order knowing I can expect quality. I am a big $6.95 unlimited soup and salad fan.
I can't believe they don't price match... That's crazy now a days.  The People that work here think they are Rock Stars.  Glad you are cool dude.   I say minimum-wage.
Visited the restaurant with a party of six and did make reservations prior. The seafood was okay, my only complaint would be the over cooked lobster. It was over cooked and had that rubbery feel to it. \n\nNot perfect and plainly okay.
It was a nice zoo but VERY small. And I mean extremely small. I've been to free zoos that have more to offer. You could walk through that zoo in 5 minutes if you continues through at a consistent pace. Not many animals and they missed out on some really cool animals. Not worth the price in my opinion.
Strong menu selections, albeit few and constantly changing. If you thought you would have never enjoyed eating vegan, think again! Give this awesome place a try!
We had the beef koubideh which was very good. I also liked the lentil soup.
I'm usually very skeptical when it comes to Chinese food. So finally after 5 years of living in the area I have found the place. Its not upscale and not a \"bistro\" just a regular restaurant in a strip mall. But this place has fast service and delicious food.
No DD here.  It's gone.  I apparently can't find an actual DD near ASU
Machines always broken and employees only care about getting your money. Spend a few extra bucks and go elsewhere.
Terrible service from the beginning since we could not sub tofu for meat on the lunch menu, lame! Then after taking the food home our daughter found a long hair in her soup right after she opened it...disaster!Never again.
It took 15 minutes to order our food from the counter because they were so slow and disorganized. The quantities are less than most middle eastern places and the falafel was dry and grainy.
Bar tender took forever to get us a drink, on top of that she was a bit rude. Our food took 30 minutes to get to our table. And it wasn't that good either, I don't recommend it.
If you've ever wanted to try escargo, this is a great place to do it! The other food is good too, & it's fun to sit out on the terrace and people watch (since it's on the strip).
I love the lunch menu:: it's a great stop off tropicana and 215! Pauline is our bomb waitress here! She's very attentive and you can tell has been in the service industry for a while! \nI recommend stopping in for some quality sushi and bomb service.
Freddy's is delicious!  Burgers are tasty and the bun is light.  The thinly cut fries dipped in their \"fry sauce\" is oh-so-good!  Plus it's super convenient being next to the Harkins Theatres.
We actually cater from Rollin smoke for our office and it is delicious. Some of the best beef ribs I've ever had! The beef brisket is moist, tender, and great. And a BBQ joint has to have great sides and rolling smoke doesn't dissapoint.
Tasteless food that arrived over an hour after it was ordered and was cold.  Will never order from here again.
Creepy location. You couldn't pay me to stay here again.
Goodness, I came here on the opening week.. it was disgusting. their house special noodles and kbbq was so bad. The only thing I actually liked was their complimentary sweet potato fries.
One word - Awesome! Create your own pie, watch it get built and it's to your table within 15mins! Good value too, $8 with unlimited toppings! Salads are good too, great for kids as well!
Have only been here for breakfast, but it's been great every time, no matter what I get.
very nice place with a European flavor.  Big choice of very tasty crepes served in a large portion.  Outdoor seating! Pleasant people to serve you.  Can Vegas appreciate such a great new spot?  Hope so.
I had a burger and it was disgusting...\n\nthe patty's looked premade and sat around for a long time...\n\nI make a better burger FOR SURE!\n\ntotally not worth the price
Ordered for delivery and never received my order. The person working at the time that I checked on it didn't know what happened. This was 2 hours after I ordered. The time that I tried their good for pick up it was overly greasy and soggy.
The Food has always been very good and the servers are very nice. Food is always piping hot when served. They keep your drinks topped. My family has been a customer of Macayo's for 30 years and just love it.
Locations everywhere.  This location happens to have a very efficient and friendly staff.  They have made improvements in having enough staff to handles big lines in the morning.  Bagels are fresh.  Nice combination of service and food.
solid job on my move out made my day great work cleaning all the tough areas in my home now I'm using them regularly in my new place
5 stars for a cool bar to hang out at and have a good conversation\n\nUnfortunately I ordered take out and the food was only so-so.  Atmosphere is a big plus but don't go here for the food alone
Biscuits and gravy with sausage patty is top notch, and the soda didn't taste funky like in so many places.   It's incredible how lousy the service is every single time.  But I will be back.
Today was the first time I've ever had Chicago style pizza, and this place lived up to my expectations. The service was friendly and the pizza was delicious!
great place, great bartenders, good sound system..they COULD have a lil' better AC system for those sweltering summer nites but i digress..:)...COUNTRY TUESDAY w/COREY rocks!!...or countries!!!!
They don't believe in having great customer service here. Take your business to the ups store on baseline and country club(NW corner by frys). It's worth the drive, and they have amazing customer service!!
My kids love going to the dentist! They remind me when it been 6mo. We love Dr. Quackenbush and his staff!!!
Excellent food for the price and our waiter Ryan was Awesome! Very friendly and great service. Recommend for Italian food and drinks. A winner and ask for Ryan!
Worst Passport service. More like NO service at all for people sending Passport documentations.
This place is CLOSED not to reopen according to the sign on the door. So sad!! I really liked this place
Building was gorgeous. Service had a little to be desired. Friendly, but not very efficient. We ordered burritos, probably should've ordered tacos. They were good, but not enough to bring me back. I would go back to try the tacos.
Wonderful low priced food. Love the fries! Love the Buffalo Hot wings, Good spicy chicken sandwich, good chili cheese fries, Good variety of burgers.  Fast service. I fight the urge to stop in almost daily!
This place sucks. Food is awful and the price is not cheap either. I'm Vietnamese and I know what's good Vietnamese food. If there's a rating for NO STAR, I would give it a NO STAR.
Nothing special.  Had their basic burger w fries/sweet potato fries.  It wasn't bad, but nothing makes me really want to go back. If you're in Scottsdale, try Indulge Burger instead.
Scones are outrageously good. So is the SCC. They have recently been experimenting with not calling your name\nout, which is a nice change, makes it quieter.
Hubby and I were so happy to see this little Hawaiian shopping oasis in the middle of Planet Hollywood!! Picked up reasonably priced things like bottled water, gum, macadamia nuts, etc.
One of the best pad Thai dishes I've ever had.  My friend got a curry dish with an 8/10 spiciness level, and it was delicious!  \n\nExcellent service, tasty food! Can't wait to come back!
Just tried Culinary Dropout for the first time - delicious!  Of course the pretzel bites with cheese sauce were great but we also enjoyed the burrata, roasted beets, and grilled asparagus. Great table out on the patio and the staff was super friendly. I will definitely be back.
Went for the first time today. Iced latte doesn't compel me to return. Menu seems cutesy, more like a Dairy Queen than an urban cafe.
Amazing hash! If you are looking for a friendly local breakfast or brunch diner then search no further. This place serves excellent food at reasonable prices. They are head and shoulders above that hash house a no no chain.
Beautiful yoga studio located in the heart of downtown Mesa, AZ. I go  there mainly for chiropractic adjustments. Dr. Lynch is amazing! Really worth checking this place out!
Walked in to turn around and get a refund it was nasty. Mostly fried foods. It's a white trash lunch spot.
Nice to have another addition to Market Square with outside seating.  You don't go there for quality food. I have had the burgers and barbecue sandwiches.  They are average at best and that's being generous.  In addition everything is fairly pricey.
Food is great and it comes out fast.  I usually end up at the waffle house at night so I can't comment on the day shift.  It's one of my favorite places to grab a quick bite late at night.
Man what happened this location has gone downhill in the past few months wheres the old crew that made this location special!!!!?????
Worst casino hotel I've ever been to!. Had some fucking guard yelling at me through the casino and following me and had the maid barge in my room before check out. I have ptsd and this was the worst possible vacation. Thanks tuscany!
Food was ok, but service was soooo slow.  Come if you have the entire night to waste.
They do a good job and I always get coupons when I come in.  I will continue to go here in the future.  :)
Avoid, avoid, avoid!!!!!  Two shuttle trips from the airport to the rental place, one-hour wait coming AND going...I hate this place!!!
I filled out the form on their website, twice, for a free estimate. That was two months ago. I was never contacted. Thanks!
Always decent. Never great but when you need fast food chinese this is your place.
There last night for dinner.  Couldn't have been more disappointed!! Food wasn't good enough to be mediocre.  Place is definitely going down hill.
Essen eher Durchschnittlich \nSchmutzige Tischdecken \nService in Ordnung
This is a nice desert landscaped area. I like to walk the trail when I'm on this side of town.  The walking path is pleasant and the scenery is beautiful. There are also other park facilities like picnic tables and basketball courts.
Great venue! \n\nTerrible pricing and service! \n\nHopefully this place will loose some business an humble up. Your in downtown in Las Vegas... I won't be back for awhile
ok... all the high end stores. awesome. i love pretty much every single boutique in here... but this place is BORING. why not add more stores? i'd rather hit up the forum shops at caesar's palace.
Best garlic prawns!  Their Thai iced tea, yummy!  Make reservations!  This place gets packed quickly.  Friendly service can't wait to eat there again!
Ice cream on a stick, dipped in chocolate and then sprinkled with lots of almonds, love it!!! Big enough to share.
Best service in town, maybe in the world.  This newly blossoming empire around town also serves up the ultimate hangover cure, especially when complimented by a Propel.  Store that fact away, it's a useful one.
Terrific steak, the lobster mashed potatoes were great. The best part was the butter cake dessert. You must try it....amazing. I would give it five stars if it had better ambiance....it's in the middle of a mall.
Not really impressed with the service.  When my husband called for reservation, he was told no reservation.  When we arrived, I saw hostess on the phone taking reservation, and they have a reservation book.  Make me to leave right away.
Over priced food and rude staff. As a local I won't be back.
I have never tried Greek food, but after eating here- I truly enjoy it! Their garlic sauce and chicken shawarma  was fantastic! It's very tasty =) they have great customer service and I will definitely go back again!
Horrible presentation and customer service is mediocre food was alright nothing out of the ordinary but the price is fair.  I would definitely look for a different place next time
Food is decent but not spectacular. Service seems to be on the good side, but not phenomenal. Over all it's a decent neighborhood Mexican restaurant.
I'm in! Really simple and really delicious menu, I suggest the ham and Havarti sandwich on rye (ham, Havarti, sprouts, and cream cheese). The street art mural on the wall didn't hurt either.
MALL CLOSED\n\nJune 30, 2010\n\nRIP
So i have been there a half a dozen times, and this time the food was just OK. Times before it was fantastic. They are definitely not the most polite people in the world, but the food is 'usually.'
Best $6 burger around. Smash fries and fried pickles are excellent. Always friendly and fast service. Great place for a burger, fries, and a shake for just a few bucks more than In N Out!
Excellent food and service. Kevin (the swing shift bartender) is always spot on. I haven't had a bad meal here yet, nor do I anticipate one. They have great specials and a mellow atmosphere. Make sure to check the chalk board just inside the front door for the daily food specials.
Scale of 1-10 (single visit):\nn/a Food\n6 Service\n6 Atmosphere\n5 Value
Love their corned beef and cabbage on wed. nights.
I came today on a Sunday because yelp says they are open until 8 and turns out they were closed. I would have been a first timer. So sad. Fix the hours.
The buffet dining room is a huge amount of space to fit tons of people but the food choices are very little.  Nothing great in the flavor area and nothing you cant eat at a regular hometown buffet. Best thing tomeat was the banana pie..
Amazing.   Truly the best thing i've eaten in las vegas.   I came home from the bowling tournament at 1230am and was looking around and saw this wonderful place and ordered a double double and fries....quite possible the most amzing thing i've eaten in vegas....perfect.
Not impressed. We had VIP access but that wasn't anything very impressive. Not a fan of the crowd or the music. Some people there were extra rude and snotty. I'm not sure if it was just the night we were there or its this way all the time, but I would definitely not go back.
Best food but worst service. This was my 3rd time here and they forget my food twice !! Like I was the first to order. I love the food but the service sucks ass !!!
Very yummy banana split.  But $8 for a drive through custard treat is really excessive.  Had to pay extra for whipped cream.  Never knew it was such an exotic treat on a banana split you have to pay extra for it.  Sucks that there is no indoor seating.
what can i say except....the word \"discount\" when it applies to alcohol just freaking rocks!!!
We did take out.  Chichen beef and shrimp with veggies was very good.  Salad we threw out which was iceberg lettuce with a dab of some sweet Asian salsa type stuff.  Fried rice was extra cost.  2 people came to 30+ bucks - 15 a plate is too much for takeout.
Not a premium buffet, but there's no line and it has some good food.  I like the fried shrimp and turkey+gravy myself.  I think there's only crab for dinner though.
\"30 dollar Panda express!\" :(
Hands down best breakfast place in Vegas!! The food was absolutely delicious and everything I wanted. My favorite were the pancakes and sausage. The customer service was outstanding!! The employees were so welcoming and friendly. Will be returning again tomorrow and everytime I come visit Vegas.
Lots of adjectives come to mind. Dumpy. Ancient. Moldy. Quite far from the heart of downtown (by Charlotte standards). Most rooms don't even have a minibar. Nor do they have nice TVs.\n\nThe wifi speed was decent though. That's always a plus.
Great staff and a well maintained course. Inexpensive twilight tee times.
food is amazing. tuna tacos are so good. if you are looking for service dont go there though. its worth the wait though.
I have found my new go-to appliance service company. They came out the same day and fixed my Refrigerator in minutes all for the cost of the service call price of $55.
Good kabobs. Lamb, chicken, beef, gyros and hummus. $9 for a plate with one kabob, rice, greens and pita bread. It takes them a little while to prepare the food but the wait is worth it. Try the persian ice tea.
Yikes!! Took my car to get the brakes checked, when I left the oil light came on. All the oil was drained from my car. Not happy! Would not recommend this place to anyone.
The company owner called and apparently they have had some issues with staff and an error on scheduling, which resulted in no staff on a day the store should have been opened. This was the day I waited outside the store. I am glad that he called and, as a result, I am giving them a higher score.
Nice chill place with delicious macaroons! And design is awesome! I like service too, very friendly and welcoming.
Just what Moon Valley needed! The Aiello's doing what they do best! Italian pasta, heros, desserts and Isa's Pizza right next door! FORGETTABOUDIT! The new salad bar is great,  lots of choices and a great price. Tell them Gino sent ya.
Do not buy anything from this place or better yet don't even think going to this place. Believe me you'll thank me later. Go somewhere else except this place is that bad. \nBunch of liars and scammers work in their sales department.
I was impressed with the variety of goods but the service was, like most things Quebec, lethargic and indifferent. Very likely due to me being English speaking. Stores like this have convinced me that internet shopping (in the USA) is the way to go. Too bad.
Did a great job on my dog. I am very happy with the results. They were professional and fast. $40 for all they did is a very good price. Shampoo...nail trim...tooth brushing...and anal glad expression. Highly recommend!
I purchased a whole Sansrival cake, Mamon, and Brownies with Cashews. The brownies were mushy (like how I remembered it)...but the Sansrival? TO DIE FOR! Delicious!!! I want to go back!
Just like my home Hot Dogs in Hermosillo by the University.\nThey are rich and gigantic, so show up hungry!
The friendlier stuff ever! Owner is very dedicated, always making sure customers are having fine time. \n\nThe place spacious and cozy. Food is very good. My favorite and must to try is the Beef stroganoff ! You will have no regrets!
Panda with no soup? What kind of Chinese rest is that? No bueno. Atleast some wonton soup. Asian lady said \" we don't even have soup\" that's crazy. Oh well
I would give it 5 stars if it didn't have so much grease. Other than that, I love hamburgers!\n\nI always MUST get an in-n-out burger whenever I'm in Cali or Vegas. Hamburger, animal style please :)
Get the jack Mac, very good. Went for lunch. (Get the bowl if you're hungry.)\n\nDefinitely go back.
Great Thai Food with Good Price
sushi was dry and unenjoyable. the place itself is clean and the decor was minimal.  I was not a fan and probably won't be back.
Should have spent 1.00 more and gone to Starbucks. Coffee tastes like crap pastries are hard got my order wrong speaker was beat up didn't hear my complete order. I guess I had it coming for taking a chance on this place again. Starbucks it is whenever I want near by coffee.
Very tasty but portion size was small for the cost. Service was slow.
Great little bookstore. Not a huge selection of literature or fiction bit still takes up one whole wall. Cash only though so make sure you have plenty on hand before you start searching. Prices were about 10$ per fiction book
This is my favorite sub shop in the Valley.  Excellent bread, fresh ingredients, ok price, online ordering, and fast/friendly service.  You can't go wrong with the Capastrami or Cole-turkey.  I can't wait to return.
Atmosphere is great and food is good just a little over seasoned... To salty! We have gone twice and had the same problem, mostly on the main course.
like any other all you can eat sushi roll joint. nice people working there though. but have since found goyemon which is way more awesome.
I went there on my lunch hour with an appointment.  I expected to be there 45 minutes to an hour, I was there 1 1/2 hours.  Yes it was a good blowout but if your pressed for time you need to tell them.  And if you make an appointment don't expect to get in on time based on how long it took.
Love coming to this place but not if the staff is rude. Brianna, fat shaming people won't make you look or feel any better! Won't be visiting this location again unless I know she is no longer working there.
great burgers and excellent milkshakes...psss... get the onion rings
Typical McDonald's.  I like this location because it is an easy to get just off the strip location.  It is perfect for a quick inexpensive breakfast.  Drive-thru is on pair with most \"quick drive-thru's\".  Interior is Harley-Davidson themed for those that like to look at things while they wait for food.
We went last night and it was disgusting.  All seafood was frozen and bland.  Service was great, but patrons were obnoxious.  Orange chicken and beef bourguignon were decent.  That was it.
Service was terrible.  It started when I asked for a different table and the hostess said no. That should have been my clue.  The food was tasteless.  I have ordered the shrimp portofino several times previous.  I always thought it was good.  But tonight it was awful. I'll never come here again.
This place has pretty good tzatziki sauce but the chicken Gyro meat is FROZEN.  This is just unacceptable for a gyro shop. The owner is very nice and the service is good. Unfortunately the meat was not very good.
Not a huge fan. It was okay at best. I've been to a few of these types of places around town and this one was average.
Surprisingly affordable for being inside
I am a fan of the chicken tortilla soup.  Has a pretty tasty with slightly spicy chicken based broth.  The salsa is ok - a little too much tomato sauce flavor.  Chips were fresh & warm.  The people who served me were cheerful & polite. Most all employees there had an easy smile they were wearing.
This place is great! I've had the bento box and never been disappointed. I've been in for lunch and dinner and the staff has always been nice. This is one of my favorite places in Las Vegas. I definitely recommend it.
This place is hands down my favorite place to eat Pho. I used to come here every time I was in town, but now that I live here it is becoming an obsession. Great food 24hrs a day and swift service. These guys are nothing if not efficient.
Its a vegas casino, there is really nothing special, it has a movie theater, some average casino food and an average vegas hotel.
Service: the waitress was clearly knowledgable of the entire menu and was friendly and kind. The food was delicious. I had a burger and it was one of the best burgers I have had in a looooong time. The curry cawliflower soup was fantastic. They know what they are doing there. A+
Cool new place in Fitchburg.  They have a large amount of beers on tap and the atmosphere is great.  The food is sub-par compared to other places in Madison.  Go for beers but eat somewhere else.
I like the idea I like the simple menu been there several times the only downside is once in a while the chicken will be rubbery but that just depends on the chicken I guess
So so food...but I liked the patio.  Better food, and cheaper, can be had at Elmers or Filibertos.
Went here last weekend and had a vegi burrito, it was okay except I felt like they used some random vegis that didnt blend well. The burrito was also bland not much salsa or taste had to drench it in tobasco.
Great miso soup...BUT.\nThe least fresh sushi I've had.\n'twas truly awful.
I got a GC so we came.  I have never been too much of a fan, but I have not been for years so what the heck.  We came on a Friday night.  I got the fried fish and my dining partner got the calm chowder.  It was ok.  The service was fantastic but the food was ok.
We reserved expensive room but the room was nasty, bathroom shower was broken, and old! They need to remodel or do something...
Our waitor was fabulous. And we had a great dining experience. The food was also excellent and very well priced. No wonder the Cortez Room is a locals favorite.
Great place for breakfast or lunch in Venetian of Palazzo Hotel complex. Food good. Just like Canyon Ranch a reprieve from all the Vegas scene. Good very good and great dishes. Highly recommend.
Awesome dog park! I brought my husky and my Maltese, both played in the big dog area and we had no problems and we love how big this park is! Don't go to countryside-wayyy ghetto
I'm a huge fan of Harem. The ambiance is perfect for hookah and having a well stocked bar doesn't hurt either. Being a small business, the service does suffer slightly on busy nights, but flagging down any of the friendly staff solves that problem right away.
Another free thing to do in Vegas. One of the nicer art galleries to check out. There are several around so it's worth stopping by and checking it out.
Compared to Le Reve, this show was boring.
This place is a welcome addition to the area. Not the norm for Mexican food, and not to be missed! The menu ranges from tacos and burros to fresh fruit ice cream bars and juices. We've been here once already and ready to keep trying something new each time. Flavors will not disappoint!
We go to whole foods for take out pizza as well as some specialty shopping. The pizza is made with fresh ingredients and is surprisingly good and inexpensive.
The pollo especial may be the absolute worst Mexican dish that I have tasted, ever.  The fajitas are the only thing worth eating at this place, everything else I have tried has been extra salty and bland.
Been awhile since our last visit. Just got reminded why.. Blizzards are like eating cups of plain ice cream. Very skimpy on toppings. Value for your money is what any customer is looking for. Shame on you for cheating your customers out of what they pay for.
We celebrated a birthday here and thoroughly enjoyed the food, ambiance and jazz musicians!  The onion soup, steak frites and trout almondine were delicious!  The service was perfect too!
Ordered #68 for delivery to my hotel and they made it here quicker than expected. The pizza was great! Fresh ingredients, still hot out of the oven, and hit the spot! I recommend this place when you get a pizza craving.
Great bar and way packed!\n\nLoved the music here and despite the crowd the drinks were poured pretty fast. Love that there were all walks of life here...though a bit on the younger side of 20 somethings. Love the firetruck with the poles.
If you are in the Las Vegas area and looking for the best hair extensions in town book with Alex! I've been going to her for almost a year and just recently switched from tape in to beaded extensions. I am in love! She is also great with color and cut. My hair has never looked better!
Go and enjoy. Food was superb, service was excellent, Prices are reasonable and despite reviews to the contrary, portions are perfect. If you're looking for food that is piled ten feet high on a plate without regard to taste, the Cheesecake Factory is right up on Camelback.
This is my favorite place !! I love the food n shave ice~
Best first visit ever; Corey was our waiter, which made the first visit even better. Great server! The honey chiplote Wings I ordered for Lunch were excellent! Cant wait to come back for dinner and have one of them beers!
One of only two places I buy meat. Highest quality pork and grass fed beef in AZ. Follow on Facebook and get Deals of the Week info. Ordered my 5lbs of pork belly and 3lbs pork tenderloin for my porchetta I made for Thanksgiving. Best stuff ever.
Panda Express is fine cuisine compared to Kwan's Sampan.  Their Kung Pao chicken was soggy.  Every dish was flavorless.  We tried it twice to be sure we weren't mistaken or ordered on a bad day because a couple of locals recommended it.  It was just as awful the second time we ordered.
Decent Sushi...  Long meal.  My party and I were here for almost 3 1/2 hours!!
LOVE this place! Amazing food, good drinks, fun atmosphere, and amazing music several nights a week!\nThe crazy lasagna, scallops, or short ribs are my favorites, but truly, you can't go wrong with any choice you make...unless you choose another place to dine.
I was really looking forward to trying this place out but when we went it was nothing like the other reviews I read. The ladies talked to each other and their phones kept ringing the entire time. It was anything but relaxing. After we were done they hounded us to give them a bigger tip! I won't be going back here.
Best latte in town. 'nuff said.
Tried the entree besides \"daily special\". It's way better. The corn tastes like its sweetened, but I'm not sure. The food is overall sweeter than other restaurant.
The atmosphere was good. Great place to hang out with friends, chow down on chips and salsa, and drink a few drinks. Overall, the food and service was average.
I've been there a few times and is not that great, yes they have homemade tortillas and some good dishes but it is way overpriced for what you get and the servers are pretty bitchy. So so place to eat mexican coming from a mexican.
This place blew me away!! Came in on a Saturday night and it was packed. Food was great! Service was top notch. Our server always had a smile, she was also attentive. The manager was also nice and courteous. We will definitely be back.
Hair on gyro meat. Enough said. Lost my appetite, but I wanted a bowl thinking it came with veggies and all of the fixins but it was just rice and meat I would rather have gone to Chipotle ...never again
Great selection of food on the menu custumer service is everything you expect in a great experience.  Ambience is nice and relaxing.
Tasty sandwich.  Thanks for gluten free options. Love the fresh and local fruits and veggies.
My wife and I ate  regularly here (weekly) and we thought it was pretty spectacular. However we have noticed that the food quality has regressed markedly and consistently. I do not know if it is a new chef or new ingredients from a different supplier. Too bad....
This place is a little slice of heaven on wheels. They were at the Las Vegas StrEATS festival, and I hope they will be there again. the BBQ beef was some of the best I have had and the french fries were great as well. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
I really dig this place. I came in here had the fish & chips which were great. I also got a Stella on tap which was ice cold. The service was amazing, probably some of the best I've ever had.
Beautiful salon and lovely girls!! The were very kind and served bottled water. Great nails at a very reasonable price.
The main female in Le Reve is totally hot. Loved the show, but not as great as O, which is pretty much the same water act. \n\nDamn she is fine. I can tell it was quite cold for her in the frigid water.. if you know what i mean. haha
The margaritas are fantastic, the service was great and the appetizers were pretty good.
Overpriced\nI don't recommend, it first the music wasn't good, the drinks were overly overpriced even by Las Vegas standards, and the security is rude. Definitely this was a one time visit.
Wasn't impressed,  my ice tea wasn't  brewed that''s for sure.  Breakfast at  Denny's would be an improvement. The hostess and waiter were good.  Gave me toast without butter, but  did bring when asked.  Won't eat there again.
This pizza shop delivered food with hair in/through it and refuse to correct the issue. They have poor customer service, especially from the owner. DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE. Keep you money and take your business to a company who values their customers and has better sanitation procedures.
I'm addicted to their spicy chicken teriyaki!!! I also like their chicken teriyaki and orange chicken. Food is prepared fresh to order. The facility is always clean and the customer service is great. I would definitely recommend this place. Check it out!!
Not the worst Chinese take-out in the world.  I tend to stick with the Teriyaki Chicken for a quick, serviceable, cheap lunch or dinner option.  Everything else has always been a bit dry or bland.
So tired of the upsell on a simple oil change. Everytime! Thought I would give them one more chance to see if it was isolated times or employees. Not coming back.
Mike and his office staff have been a real benefit to me in finding a competitive commercial auto policy at a great price.  In addition when I needed E&O coverage he gave me a referral to another company as he was unable to provide as competitive a quote.\n\nI would highly recommend Mike for any of your insurance needs.
Its great that they are open on sundays! Getting Bella the pug her rabies shots today. They also groomed her for us while she was there. If you've ever had a pug you know how much of an awesome thing this is! We are fans, Bella and I will be back when necessary.
I always like this place. I don't think I have ever had a bad meal here.
What a great place to eat and not to mention the wonderful customer service and hospitality that was shown by General Manager Tony and crew.  I love coming here and seeing all the smiling faces.  The food is always sooo excellent!  I want pizoookie tonight!!!!
The food is over all OK but the don't get the combo LA galbi because it is only fat and bones - I've never seen a cut of galbi which is short ribs with bones the ones I got and have some misgivings as to what quality of beef they serve and have decided not to go anymore.
Charge for internet, drinks while gambling, $15 min on blackjack table,  rude dealers,  stay at your own risk!
We went for New year' s and they cheated us, all our invoices had extra amounts which they refused to credit back. Food was of substandard quality and lousy service.
With just a limited menu this place nails it on the flavor! Hot Ramen soup on a cold night. Yum yummy. It is a very very small restaurant so be prepared to wait outside. But worth it. The service is quick and fast and very attentive.
Amazing selection of product, and very knowledgable staff. Location is great because you can paddle right from the back door.
Food is just average, and the decor is exactly what you'd expect in a strip mall Chinese joint. If you are going to eat here, be sure to order take out, cause the staff is very rude and seems like you are bothering them every time you ask them a question.
Small bologna and salami sandwich, toasted with cheese, mustard, and mayo. Very cheap and good. They also have good pickles, and soda made the old fashioned way. Really cool little shop. Check it out.
Great service, sitting with a business rep was professional, took his time to explain, made sure that i'm leaving with all the answers that i was looking for. Thank you rey!
Great food. The service was a little slow but it was very busy so it's understandable. We will be back.
Always kinda half empty store... The one at Desert Ridge is a bit better and cleaner, Happy Valley one is good too.
Slow service. Water ordered before food, and when food showed up, and the one time the server checked in on us, showed up at the same time as the check. Briosh French toast is made on wonderbread, not Briosh.
Great food, real good prices for what you get.  Mussels were excellent
Staff doesn't seem to care if you show up or not. Not very friendly. Have seen them let kids play unattended. Will not take my son back.
Great service! Excellent menu! Their chateaubriand steak was mouth-watering!
My dog loves the park.  Fountains and water. Butt smelling. What more could you ask for!
I went tonight for the umpteenth time.\n\nLast time I went I found a storm from the avocado and this time allot of skin from the avacado. All dey and crusty snd yucky. \n\nDon't think I'm going back.
Damn good food!  So nice to stumble across a place in Vegas that isn't a chain franchise. \n\nBonus points - they have REAL beer too to go with the authentic German food.
We have used Moving Buddies many times and are always impressed with their job.    They are very careful with our items and very flexible with any job.  Call them for small and large job.s
Can't get enough of this place and after living 11 years in Az I have tried many Mexican restaurants.  Love the patio and the relaxing vibe (especially on Sundays) and the pollo fundido sauce.\nHave introduced friends to the Fountain Hills location and they are hooked too!
Just like the rest of life, it's best when you're drunk and so out of it you just don't care anymore or forget who you are and why you exist. Worst part is sometimes eating sobers you up.
I have to admit the workers are very friendly but no exaggeration, 9 out of 10 times they will get my order wrong!!!!! Only reason why I go to this location is because it's close by to my work place but other than that, this Starbucks is a last resort
The previous poor ratings and reviews are accurate.  This theater smells horrible.  Don't see any show here.  I cannot understand how the smell comments haven't generated any improvements by management.  The ticket line, waiting line, seating line are completely unorganized as noted in previous reviews.  If only management  cared enough to correct this issue or the smell issue.
I didn't like much about this place.  The service was poor and the food wasn't good at all.  The staff was not polite.  I can't even say anything else but don't go there.
Went here for dinner an the service an food were very good? Had  the SA -TE Dinner an the Thai iced tea both were delicious. First time going here an will definitely go back.
Portions are small for the price. Service was way slow. Good beer list, both on tap and bottles. Spent $75 on two of us. Oysters were good quality, as was all the seafood. Just not good enough to come back.
use to be a max and erma's and if that bar wasn't low enough it now misses the mark
Overpriced, over rated. The burger wasn't good, the fries were limp.  I will never go back.  In-n-out for me...
Terrible.  Fish tasted like caught in sewer.  Veggies boiled to mush.  Out of most wines, tried to sell us bottle for twice what we wanted to pay.
What a joke. Indifferent and rude receptionists. Lazy artists. Go to a real tattoo shop and avoid this place. For drunk tourists only!!
I like that I can add items to a base entree to make it my own.  I love the Thai peanut lo mein.  the noodles were easy to eat (they were cut shorter).
AMAZING CA ROLLS!!  and great customer service!
So the shoot is over and I received my finished book from the shoot. It came out better than expected. Jackie picked out a very nice pearl paper and was more than I expected. Makes me want to have a shoot every 6 months lol. Love Jackie and would recommend her to everyone! Thanx I loved the experience! xx
They have a really delicious buffet. If you have any special dietary restrictions, this is the place to go. They mark each buffet item as vegan/vegetarian/gluten free & more. I really appreciate that.
Great climb!  Nice and technical for a climber with no gear.  Great view of the city from the top.  I would suggest getting dropped off to avoid the parking issues here.
Terrible, preparation was sloppy, taste was mediocre.\nSushi rolls fell apart.
Love the food here.  Great sandwiches!
Fresh ingredients but my gyro was slathered in tzatziki sauce and devoid of any real flavor.  The falafel was kind of the same.  I'm not a big fan of the dumb down the spices for the American folk cuisine.
Try the chicken salad with some sauce on the side. Can't beat it.
Bad service very disappointed \nFirst took the bell man 30 min to bring our luggage \nThen we asked for extra shampoo they brought us three conditioner and one shampoo i guess conditioner is cheaper :-)
Very POOR customer service - not worth the price.  Nachos cold soggy and made with what looked like Easy Cheese.  Not worth the price.  Should be a zero!
Run of the mill steak and seafood at high end prices.  Service mediocre.  Stay at home rather than spend your money here. Not really worth a lengthy review.
Breakfast before going to convention Center . Good hearty breakfast. I had hash scramble with a spicy kieblasa type sausage in it with onions and peppers. More food than I can eat which says a ton.
I love Jenny! She's the best nail tech that I've ever had. I live across town and travel just so she can do my nails! Loyalty all the way  So encourages me to get out of my comfort zone!
Great food...fresh beer and great service on a busy Saturday night!  The band was real good too!
I always enjoy the ambience that is Hot Pot but I my palette was left with the feeling that something was missing.  I had the spicy miso broth that had no flavor.  Not sure if I'll give the place another try!
Service was wonderful! Food was tasty!\n\nHad the paella and it fed me and the wife no problem. Price wasn't bad too, for Vegas.
Golden scallops are amazing. Gotta try them. Fried huge scallops with spicy mayo. Great snack while drinking :)
Finally someone that can make me look like a decent human! Adam is the best. Plus complimentary refreshments, good music and conversation. Killer A++
Decent food and prices, but there are other places nearby that provide higher quality at a lower price.
This place is a ripoff. Baseline price when you purchase a ticket is around $30. Okay, I can live with that. Then there's $15 in service fees, order fees, whatever bullshit name for extra fees. So $45 dollars to see a B-level band. No thanks!
The food is OK.  The service is awful.  The staff is rude & condescending.  Not what you would expect if you are at a nice event.  All I can say is: Do not think of throwing an event here - your guests will be disappointed.
Located inside of a miracle mile shops connected to Planet Hollywood.  I tried their lobster mac and cheese for $12.  I have to say it had chunks of lobster (it better for $12) and mac and cheese flavor was pleasantly good.  One star down as I thought it was way too cheesy!
So be warned, this place only has pizza to eat, nothing else. But the pizza is great! New York style, thin crust which is my preference. And if you don't want it too greasy avoid adding meats to it. Just stick with cheese.
Best BBQ and amazing people! We tried almost everything on the menu. You must try the fried okra! They were so nice and friendly we will definitely be back.
I got to try them at the food fest. LOVED the lobster balls. I had some kind of sandwich too with Thai coleslaw and I think the brisket used in their Pho. Wish I could remember the name, it was so yummy!
Tons of stuff to get if you like the outdoor activities...
Dinner last night was great. Service from all of the staff was amazing. Location is easy to get to with plenty of parking close by. Had the roasted chicken which was prepared perfectly and others in our group had the salmon. Which they said was delightful.
All good, they don't make dumplins like me though!,
Consistent good food. Prices are good. Been eating here for years, never had any problems. Quick service. Love the chips and salsa!
Gays may or may not be admitted. Depends on the front desk clerk.
Good food, a bit too pricey. A great deal after 930 on weekdays: half off pizza. Yum.
Came here late night for Autumnal Fire. Good beer, not my style, but I can appreciate it. We also had some apps - very delish. Pub fare with a little uumph.
Hottest club in vegas! Probably too hot. Literally. The hip hop room was so packed and sweaty you can't move.
Great food at a great price. Came here for happy hour and their drinks are amazing.
Full of studying students and hipsters in their native environment.  Doughnuts aren't bad.
Great product, very poor customer service.
This was our first time here. The view was breathtaking, the service was awesome and the tomato salad was great! The drinks are expensive but very good. This place is top notch and the hotel is as well. You get what you pay for.
Food was good but the staff was sluggish, will just take out next time had the 12in pepperoni and bacon. Can't ever go wrong with that
2pm on a Saturday and sign on door says closed because they ran out of noodles. Right like kfc runs out chicken. #fraud #wasteoftimeandgas
I will give a negative if I can. Horrible experience. It is a mommy mill,  charge extra for everything, stuff are always in a rush. I have to change my ob doctor after 3 months of services
Great place to watch a game or just grab a good bite to eat. The prices are reasonable and the amount of food you get for the price is pretty good. I would suggest the wings and the cheese fries...the fries were rather awesome.
Great atmosphere if you enjoy eating outdoors. I'll ditto what other reviewers have said regarding the cost of the food...it's pricey. We've been here for breakfast and lunch and enjoyed it both times however average cost for a sandwich, drink and chips is $20.
Busy little neighborhood bar. good food and great drinks from Chris
This place is great and the service is outstanding. I had never been here before and the manager personally helped me. I will definitely return
I really wanted to like this place. But the food just didnt do it for me. I am all about the food and when I went here the crab and seafood just felt very mediocre. Good but not great.
I had a good stay. Loved the pool, Sayers club and Bazaar! Check in was a pain in the ass but with that aside it was good.
The food was bland, the cheese dip reminded me of cheese wiz and after seated I waited over 15 minutes just to give my drink order.  The only good thing was the chips...not going back.
Closed according to the website:  http://www.gameshqonline.com/?page_id=7
Food was good, beacon wrapped filet was great. Kinda disappointed about the salad bar and sides but would definitely come back if I had a craving for too much red meat.  Service was fine, seating was kinda a close.
We went in last night and it was not busy at all! I don't think they're gonna last. Seems like everybody had desperation in their eyes.
I came here to shave my beard for my 21st and the guy gave me pretty bad razor burn and a good sized nick on my neck.
Not worth the time.
This is exactly where you want to eat after you blow all your money in Vegas.
This place was terrible!!! They took over 15 minutes to get the food.. We ended up leaving after paying without the food because they weren't wearing gloves and kept touching lifting up their pants! I will never eat at this place ever again!!
Will never order again!  Have had three times and the pizza is full of salt and sorry  excuse for a pizza!
Way too small. Don't waste your time.
Do not eat here!  Service is slow and rude!!
As always, a great dinner.  Pulled pork appetizer is a must.  Pork tenderloin was perfection and those grits made the dish.
This place always disappoints. Never enough clerks, line practically going out the door. At least self service is working today. Too bad the line of 5 people ahead of me is taking as long as the 15+people in the other line =/
We had the Brussels Sprouts and they were delicious. Just a touch of spicy which was perfect!
We have used Top Notch Transportation for our company party the last few years and they have been great every year. We have 20-30 people from all over the city and they are able to coordinate rides so that everyone arrives to the party on time. Definitely will keep using them for future events.
Went here and tried the French dip. Could not have been more bland! The prices here are average but are still not worth it. The portions are large and because it wasnt very good, I wish they were smaller. Want a good sandwich, see my other reviews!
I have been to this location maybe 10 times in the past few years and every time I go through the drive through the order is wrong. No fries, no salad dressing with salad, no fork, and the last straw was at the bottom of my chili bowl it was about a 6in piece of paper. Avoid!!
I had the onion soup and the Pecan Sirloin, but since they cook with wine, and I really hate wine, my steak was ruin, but it was my fault I should had mention I dont like, wine.
My husband and I got horrible food poisoning from this restaurant. -- so bad in fact , that it warranted medical attention.We contacted their corporate office and were completely blown off by their insurance company.\nThis establishment has no regard for the well being of its patrons. Since we value our health we will never go back
Update: As of 9 June, Memphis Best is only open Thursday-Saturday, 1100-2000. Gunny says they're shifting their emphasis to catering over the summer. Whether he'll go back to Mon-Sat in the fall remains to be seen.
Food was decent but the waitstaff absolutely sucks.  Super rude and condescending.  Not worth the time or money.  Stay away.
Love this place!  Everything is excellent!  The tacos are perfect and crunchy and the steak fajitas are delish!\n\nI love the atmosphere too!  It's one of three places I got to when I'm craving Mexican food!
The hotel is good but the buffet is horrible. My husband and I got sick after we left after dinner. Overall, I liked the room and casino. AVOID BUFFET!
Ripoff alert! Went through the drive-through, and ordered the Thursday taco special for $2.09. Paid with a five, received 56\u00a2 back, and no receipt. Hmmmm. Not only a ripoff, but the food sucks too!
Awesome place, lots of fantastic buttery tarts, pastries, croissants and chocolatines to enjoy and the breads aren't half bad either.
Staying here reminded me of getting wasted and passing out in an outhouse and waking up wondering what the fuck went wrong.  Cheap and nasty - just be sure to stay out of your mind drunk when you are in the room so that all the germs covering everything will be sanitized by all the alcohol in your system!
1 of the most comfortable places to watch football.  it looks like they turned the keno area into a bigscreen viewing area.  deluxe chairs.  a hip, vintage casino with great service & strong cocktails.  cool old school crowd.  haven't tried a room or their food
The best pizza in the great state of Arizona! Enough said
Seriously good eats, and cheap!
Hands Down.... BEST Indian food and restaurant in PHX!! Better than old Bombay Spice!!! Lamb Chops to die for! Lamb vindaloo spicy and savory and chicken masala second to none! Must Try!!!!
I had lunch here one day and dinner another day.  The food was good but not stellar for the price.  I did not have steak thou; a nice seabass and duck confit.  The setting thou is lovely since you can actually see outside. Service good.
If you are looking for a water park feel, this is it - loud children, people everywhere, no servers to be seen.  \n\nIf you are looking for a relaxing pool, avoid at all costs
I guess I do not agree with the majority.  I found the food to be average at best.  And the prices seemed high for the quality of food.  All in all, I would have been happier at a Coco's or Denny's.  I will head a little south to Peoria and go to Brother's.
Good stuff! Great burger and a yummy grilled hot dog! Our daughter loved the strawberry lemonade.
Great service, great food
In my opinion and compared to other places in town, overpriced and slow turn around.  Yes their location is convenient, but would rather find a place a little less convenient and worth the money.  My items did come back nicely pressed and don't doubt they do a good job however.
Great restuarant, we love sushi and this place has a different twist on it, I love how late they're open, we were literally eating sushi at 11pm, way cool. BTW, the Tempura-fried Japanese pumpkin is goooood. Be warned, it's loud in here!
\"Hi, may I take your order?\"\nblah blah blah I order\nThen, I feel like they should have said:\n\"Would you like some food to go with that sodium?\"\nGross.  Couldn't even eat it.
My favorite Thai restaurant. I've had at least half the menu but always end up going back to the red curry. It's a better value for lunch and the soup that comes with the entree is really nice (not included with dinner). Whenever I'm in Pittsburgh Nicky's is must.
I love this charandas! Always great service  and great food! Very friendly staff as well
This place has been doing it right for a very long time. Back in the day, there were only 3 bar stools inside, and a waiter in town could trade thier \"This is not a check\" paycheck for a cold beer. The tacos are killer and that hot sauce is freakin' nuts. Love it.
We got take out and it was wonderful. Great tuna bowl and fried dumplings!.
Nice little restaurant . Service fast and friendly. I was accompanying a friend for a snack and I indulged in the mango salad which was delicious. I look forward to sampling more from the interesting menu on my next visit
Got the vegetarian pizza. \nThe slice was the perfect size, and cost about 5.50$. \n\nThe pizza didn't really have much taste to it though. Couldn't really taste any of the vegetables that were on it. \n\nWon't be returning.
Washed my own table. All were dirty.  Food not that bad.
This place just became my favorite place in Vegas to eat. So delish, fresh and unique. Great cocktails and yummy food with cool decor and ambience.  I got the veggie pizza and the Mos-cito drink. Both very good! I will be back!
Just a fun place for wine and chocolate! We had the dark chocolate fondue and I was licking the bowl lol how fancy is that!  The wine flutes are good I recommend the Italian! Overall its a little fun date night snack. Food is a lil over priced but come on chocolate! Cant go wrong!
I got the lunch special, it was terrible. Vegetables were inconstantly cooked and bland. Meat seemed low quality. Stick to the noodles.
A wonderful dining experience - great cocktails and an absolutely delicious meal. Would highly recommend their scallops!
Meh. Waiters are hot, service is slow, food is rather bland. Atmosphere is great but that's only ever an added bonus.
Great little shop! The owner was so helpful and encouraged tasting - we went through so many little cups. I am glad to have a business like this in Laveen!
Hong Kong style hot pot. Food quality and diversity are very ... standard. A highish price and mediocre service leave LY HoPo with a solid 3 stars.\nUpdates: Now accepts credit cards and basic meal runs you $14/mouth.
I will NEVER go here again. I was charged $50 for a fill! Not a new set, just a fill. Absolutely ridiculous. The job she did was decent but definitely not $50 worth! You can get better service for less elsewhere.
Hits: personable staff, happy hour snacks and outdoor seating\n\nMisses: minimum to use cards and hit or miss bathroom cleanliness\n\nHints: it gets warm upstairs, sit outside if its an option.
I don't know if I was in the Sands, I was in the conference rooms directly connected to the Venetian.  Overall they were ok, although some of the rooms would shake like there was an earthquake.  We had coffee, breakfast, but when the carafe was empty, too bad, you get nothing!
Sushi was very good and fresh. The restaurant was very busy, probably due to the $0.25 draft beers on Monday night's. The sushi counter was kinda awkard with high panels.
It was okay. Overpriced for average quality food. Don't think I \nwould ever go again.\n\nThe wasabi was blue.
I went looking for frozen bags of edamame and sweet rice, coconut milk and ripe mango to make a sticky rice dessert. I found everything at Super L Ranch Market. I'll be back!
Went for lunch. Took over 30 min for food to arrive. Ordered chef salad. Made with processed turkey and ham. Also with processed cheese slices. childs choc milk was not mixed up. Kraft mac & cheese on kids menu. \nWon't come back again.
Great drive through mexican food. Rivals Robertos in San Diego. Nuff said!
Hands down, best fried chicken in Charlotte, NC!
Pupusas were yummy.
I stayed in this hotel. I would suggest people to try this hotel. Rooms are very up to date casino is fun. Specially employees they are so friendly. \n\nI look forward to stay at cromwell in near feature. \n\nLinda lee the casino host was very friendly and helpfull
I don't understand why people knock charr it's the only place in north phoenix that has a great drink menu and there food is goodn
For a few games of pool and a few pints you really can't beat this place. The staff are always 100% friendly and the Shepherds Pie if pretty good too.
I have been here twice with my BF for a couples massage. It was decent the first time, but we were disappointed this last time- not in the massages- but in the staff. \n\nYour walls are very thin...we could hear every word you said. Not cool
Great French Press pot of fresh coffee with crepes! The cuppacino was great as well! Definitely a must visit and my favorite go to spot after or before the farmers market unwind on a Saturday morning!
living alone I love the 5 for $20 deals they have on meat. I also love Faygo products when I have a party or bbq so their sales are always right on time. They don't have as many stores in the area but they are worth checking out. The lines are a lot shorter and the staff is a lot friendlier.
I am very picky when it comes to fish and this place is just ok.  Maybe it's great for their cooked food, but for someone who appreciates fish, I would skip this place.
I must be the only person in America who has never eaten at an In-N-Out Burger....until today when I ate lunch there. The verdict:  pretty good burger and fries. Long wait at lunch time though, over 15 minutes once I ordered. \n\nTry it.
Look At this spendy lamp I got from there that broke the third day. And am dissappointed that they wouldn't let be exchange.   Not good customer service here.
Awful food. Cold. I came with a group of friends and were wight pissed off. Expensive. Less quantity. I would not recommend.
This club would be a lot better if the sound wasn't completely muddy and they didn't flash blinding strobe lights at the audience every 30 seconds. Seriously, cool it with the lights, kids.
Home town owned restaurant, great atmosphere, good selection of beers, friendly staff and excellent Pizza!
Food was fresh and the bread had just came out of the oven.
I'm looking for comedians to start a comedy night in Glendale  if your interested email me cutty20s@yahoo.com
Family style food. The meal it self was great but they had no dim sum and the ordering process was a bit confusing.
One word, Jenn. You'll never go see anyone else again, i promise that, she's the best hands down..
This place is awesome.  Just got done with my first visit here.  The service was fast and friendly.  The food was amazing especially the chicken and coleslaw.
Just dropped in for an air check.  As usual Ryan's crew had me in and out.  (2 days ago).  Now I'm back getting my free tire rotation on a Friday .  Nathan has me in and out within an hour.  Can't beat it.
If you go a little after opening and it's not busy. The food will be cold and too salty - shame considering i went there 3 times 2 months ago.
This was probably one of the worst places I've eaten at in a while . I'm not sure what was worse food or service . Never again , the coupon we bought and weren't allowed to use left on the table
Great dinner and great tequila. Chips and salsa were great. \nOur server Angel brought us a complimentary flight of tequila. We had ordered two. Everyone enjoyed their meal. The only bad thing is it is in the Luxor. What a dump.
Classic and BBQ Brisket Burgers were ok. Over-priced. Service was awful!
Walmart is so dirty, but their stuff is cheap.
This was excellent - the ribs are amazing and so is the banana cream pie - but you must start with the double dip - just an awesome way to start the meal off!!!
Worst meal I have had to date.  Orange Beef, hot n sour soup, brown rice all terrible.  How do you mess up rice?  The rice has some smokey coal bad water flavor going on....yuck...good bye 30 dollars.
Called today to order a pizza was told they won't deliver to me. No reason why. Nothing. I wont order from them again. Their loss. Funny they used to deliver here. Scoffs .. Guess my money isn't green enough for them.
Would've liked to have gone three and a half stars here but of course can't cause it's just not allowed. Good food. Family run. Good service. Not crowded. Inexpensive.
Only went once ... it made me question whether I was getting past it as it was too loud and full of students.  So I left after one drink and went to the John Leslie.
Who doesn't love M&M's? I always stop by here when I am in town to get my cute souvenirs. I love the green M&M!
Good service, but pricey, just payed $25.00 for 5 golf shirts...just seems a  bit on the high side
I love how there are a variety of menu options here (vs. Hot N Juicy), and their cajun sause is so unique...it's tasty and DELICIOUS!!  The service here is wonderful, as they are always upbeat, happy, polite, and care about your dining experience.
This hotel ok. Nothing impressive. Mediocre food. I did order a shot of Vodka (Ketel One) at the bar and they delivered it very watered down. So beware, they water down the alcohol here.
This place met expectations. I have been to the one in Cabo and wanted to go to the one in Vegas. Got a groupon which made it a great deal. I had the nachos off the appetizer list. They were to die for. It was big enough for three people. I would definately eat here again.
They are closed, the building is for sale...
I have been to this place twice with my coworkers. They have a really good lunch menu for $9.99 plus tax. You can order an appetizer and an entree or an entree and desert. \n\nI really enjoyed this place and want to try there happy hour one of these days.
1.5/5 - Beef Chow Fun: Lack of flavor, no spice, beef was a bit chewy.
Not a big club, but the location is great, its on the 3rd floor, seating outside, nice view, outdoor and indoor bar, and good music. I prefer Scottsdale, this is not my kind of crowd.
Breakfast at 2:30....  Holla!
I would not recommend this place,  it has a premium price for a motel 8 service,  the room is nice but  the restaurant at the lobby is over price and you will get sick, you better off eating and staying somewhere else
Tacos were great. Not a fan of decor. Service was good. Would eat here every time I am in Vegas.
Learned about this place from AZ Republic a few weeks ago. Finally went there to try the Chocolate Croissants and Almond Croissants with my wife. Fabulous, flaky and flavorful! Definitely will go back and try some breakfast and lunch there.
Our favorite place to go for dinner. Prices are very reasonable, service is great and menu selections was good too.  Had the salmon , and hubby ordered the tipila fish also.  It was good.
Average brunch fair with runny scrambled eggs, greasy bacon, but a good omelette. Poor and crowded buffet layout. For the price? Ha. You're better off heading down the street to Denny's.
Great burger. One of the best fast food burgers I've ever had, right behind 5 guys.
Nice location, has a number of different items (good variety). Certainly more interesting than your general consignment shop. Prices range from reasonable on furniture to a bit high on collectibles. Probably due to being in town. Coin prices are high. The people there are nice.
holy shit best idea for a food truck. I had the white truffle swiss burger and was in actual heaven. can't wait to come back and try everything else.
Expired food is my major concern with this store... It's either expired or less than 1 month away to expire. I love the friendliness of the staff but the quality is horrible.
Wow good times here :)\nnot overly crowded.. but that could be because of the 30$ cover lol\nThe drinks are good.\nCiggies are 12$\namazing night though
Who.\n\nWho.\n\nWho hasn't been yet, and why?
I love everything about this place! Everyone is super friendly. I will definitely be back again! Mimi rocks!
Great people. Everyone is very professional and helpful.
nothing spectacular. i guess its ok if you happen to have comped buffet tickets to here or you have no choice at all. food was ok. service was great though.
While the good is good, service is infuriatingly bad. Our server last Sunday seemed to give some service to other patrons while avoid other tables. In the end, it took so long to get his attention (or responses from others) that we just paid without receiving all our food.
Very nice place. Good wines. Having wine flights and paring options would be nice.
Took my husband to lunch there today, he had never been.\n\nThe food was great and the prices are fair, which is good because the portions are medium not large sized.\n\nIt's always a great place for me to introduce people to Meditteranean food!
It was so much fun. Everyone there was so nice and encouraging. Bring warm clothes and have a good time.
Great service, we tell everyone that mentions needing pest control to try Bug-N-Out!
Love this place, so far all the food is tasty and fresh, the sauce is soooo good never tasted anything like it, it really makes a difference in making the pizza! \nThe place is super clean and the server is always pleasant \nThe ambiance is so alive! Love coming here.
Sacks is one of my go-to lunch spots in Tempe. The sandwiches and salads are great, I often order one of the specials of the day, as they are always too good to pass up.  Orders come out fast and with a free cookie!
Great Lunch Specials! Food is always fresh and hot. We go so often they know what we want as soon as we sit down.
Love this place.   Great garlic fries and they are super fresh.  Pulled pork is awesome and the rueben is very tasty.  Some of the liquor prices are a little high but great atmosphere.
Good food, if you can get attention. One guy that works there pays no attention to the register and after 10 min waiting, LOOKING at him just staring at the computer behind the bar, made me decide I'll wait and maybe next time I go for a haircut they will be paying attention... :(
First time today. Prime rib was tough and over cooked. Best part of the meal was the bread. Over price for the quality of food they are serving. Atmosphere is ok. Like how the servers tell you the history of the building. Service was good.  I will not be coming back because of the food.
They have really friendly service & great prices. I love the crispy rice jalapeno salmon. Delicious
Food was excellent but service in the bar area was awful! My group of 5 girls that spent $225 there and we had to flag someone down every time to get silverware, drinks, menus, order and then our tab! The 2 bartenders sat at talked while we were sitting with empty drinks! Will not be back!
Weak, overpriced and lacking quality.  My bloody maria tasted like plastic. I had extremely high hopes for this place esp since the space/location are perfect.   I would just rather drive an extra ten minutes and get a taco from Casa Rasta
I took a couple pair of shoes there because somebody recommended them to me. I think they did an ok job. I did have to take one pair back for some follow up work.
Nice little Irish Pub! If only their beer selection was larger!
Good food but very slow service. SiMa and AAPEX was in town and they only had two waitress for the whole floor. They my gf's order was wrong but we ate it anyway. Getting drinks refills was really slow. We only ate there because we had a coupon.
Worst coffee I've ever had in my life. I asked for an iced decaf coffee and what I reviewed was extremely watered down and not appetizing in the least. Also their sugar cookie tasted like chalk.
LOVE the wings here, i think next to black dog they are the best in the city.  The grilled chicken sandwich is excellent as well with a side of hot sauce and curley fries.\n\nOnly drawback is the price, they are pretty expensive.
If you are unsure about yogis just give it a try. Their spicy teriyaki sauce is the way to go. Good lunch before 3 and food is always prepared well and quickly.. Absolutely love yogis
If you're a fan of Mediterranean cuisine that is fast, affordable, and delicious. Go to Stephano's. I didn't discover this place until a few years ago and I regret not knowing about it earlier. It's no Paymon's, but the price and quick service makes it worth while.
I couldn't have put it better myself, Daniel B.  Every time I go here, I get the classic gyro and a drink for under $6 and it never gets old!  This has to be one of your next choices for lunch on the go in Old Town Scottsdale.
Came early; so didn't have to wait long for dinner. I probably didn't eat enough to make the buffet worth it for me.  I don't even recall what I ate that night but I was impressed by the huge dessert section.
Truly great experience - staff was friendly and really professional, even if you had never touched a gun they gave great recommendation what to try and were really helpful. Security was their priority #1 and they were serious about it. Quite high price but worth it - about $150 to shoot three guns.
No just no. The food was way below PAR I ordered the chicken enchiladas thinking it should be a delightful one..It was a big fat NO! Chicken was not cooked and the sauce was so bland I wanted to slap myself for coming to this place. A big let down to cheap and easy mexican food..
I believe that every pho lover in Vegas will eventually make it to Pho Kim Long because the ample amount of reviews. The menu is pretty vast and the atmosphere is comfortable and nice. Although the food satisfied my pho craving, it did not impress me. My rating will go to Pho Saigon 8.
Great place for a cup of Illy espresso or cappuccino. This is a fast service place, but restaurant quality Italian food for lunch + yummy desserts and snacks. You got to taste the black cherry Gelato. Is delicious.
Friendly guys and quality tuning.  \nWould highly recommend. \nPrice was also very reasonable.
My dad was a bouncer here in the 70's and my first visit was with the old man. I couldn't imagine any better venue in Charlotte. They even had a live band on Christmas night the last time I was in town. Can't say enough, so I'll leave it at that.
This used to be a must visit for me, but ever since the new management things have turned for the worse. The staff is slow, has an attitude, the food is nothing like it used to be.
unlike most Starbuck's they do not put out skim milk. you have to wait for the barista to get free so you can ask for skim milk. I've stopped going to this poorly appointed coffee shop.\nso much for corporate standards and consistency.
I go to Starbucks all over and this one is super slow and super rude. This is def the worst starbucks in town!!! Avoid it like the plague!!!
The dealers are rude, the environment is grimey and their offers border on false advertising. Nobody should patronize this establishment.
casual. loud. ghetto. creeps and cheap half naked Butter-faces (everything is good but her face!!). \n\new never again.
Stopped by today for a gel mani & pedi today with my mom. What a wonderful salon, they have over 500 colors to choose from and even match their polish with gels of the same color. The whole staff was so friendly, would definitely recommend this salon!!
Tonight we went to this restaurant for the first and last time. The decor and atmosphere are good but the food is disappointing. We ordered the Shepard Pie and fish and chips. Nothing special and overpriced for the portion size. The food was much better when this restaurant was LVD.
The service is wonderful, friendly people, and the service is wonderful. This place deserves a six star rating. A must try!
Great pulled pork, but very pricey!
Bon, copieux, accueillant, un super brunch !
My favorite bar in Vegas! The staff is awesome, atomosphere is always fun and the owners take care of locals. Best place to hang out!!!
The staff here couldn't be more helpful. They have taught me more about the sport in a year then I thought possible. \n\nThe attached club is also a great place to meet other shooters and learn.
Feel free to show me a movie without 20 minutes of trailers and 3 commercials for AMC Theaters... I am already in thy theater you can stop selling...
Food is ALWAYS good here!  They use chicken breast, not chicken parts w/ skin on it-UGH.  Mongolian beef & shrimp fried rice are yummy, too.
The steak deal is easily worth double the asking price.  Its a solid 15 dolla steak.  The fried chicken is quite good as well - blows hash house away.  Hit it.
While the staff is very polite and attentive, the food is mediocre and over priced.  I would not reccomend this to anyone for any occasion.
Excellent flavors, very authentic. Fun to try all the salsas. Atmosphere is dated and worn, but the reports of the bad neighborhood are over stated. Would have like real silverware. Meats are tender, rich complex tastes. We will be back.
Want to do something off the strip? Check out Pole Position!! Haven't had this much fun in awhile. These go carts allow adults to act like kids but still able to compete for fun! Def the next spot I will take a girl on a date! :)
This club is Very impressive! The light show is 2nd to none. The staff is very nice and accommodating! if you need a host ask for Chenzo!
This restaurant should be rated $$$$.   $7 for one taco at lunch time with no side(s)?  I think not; I walked out after seeing the prices.  I wasn't prepared to pay $30 for a mexican lunch for one.
Its not a bad spot for not needing an appointment. But the massage quality very much differs on who you get.
This is the best chimichanga in the Phoenix metro area.  Hands down.  If you are a chimi fan, you owe it to yourself to go try one here.  You'll agree with me.
Great place to watch a game but the food leaves a lot to be desired. Service great, lots of TVs, and good drink selection. However all the food we ordered tastes like it had just taken a salt bath. If we go back, it will be after we've had dinner somewhere else.
I really don't know what all the hype is about.  The food is mediocre and way over priced. The restaurant is absolutely beautiful and service is average.  More casual than upscale/fine dining.  I wouldn't go back.
They did do a remodeling of the inside! See? Plus the pupusas are the same. But they are less greasy now. They taste awesome! Karaoke still there.
I love whole foods but this location has the basics.  The products and help is the normal 4/5 stars but this is one of the smaller locations I have seen. Their deli still has all the goodies you would expect from whole foods. Still it is better than not having a whole foods at all like most of Wisconsin.
This is a Great Local Florist in Carefree and in Scottsdale too. You really can trust them for quality and service. The owners are very nice and the selections are great. It smells so wonderful in their shops. Beautiful displays! Great prices too.
Called in today to place a large order for my team. They would not deliver to us because we are located on the west side of the street and not the east side. Very disappointed and will take my business somewhere else.
The only airport I've had a layover in that offers free WiFi, but of course I couldn't get it to work!
Update.... Moved in September 5th and still haven't had my issues fixed I'm getting every excuse in the world! And to top it all off my property manager won't even contact me back and know one seems to want to give me corporates number.... Pathetic
They DESTROYED my nails!!! Left my hands soaking in a bowl of acetone for almost half an hour!!!! And still had issues getting gel off... My french tip looks like a 5 year old did it!! Worst experience ever!
This place is way too overrated. I would give it a (-)ve rating if possible. I ordered Philly sandwich; felt like throwing up. The quantity is huge, but to me quality is far more important than quantity. Never going again.
First time here and it's solid. Great location and laid back atmosphere. I had the Diavolo pizza and it was super legit. Upper echelon of pizza with Pomo and Bianco. Looking forward to coming back and trying more of the menu outside of the pizza.
Been here several times. My favorites are the fish and brussels sprouts. Top of the line produce all delicately prepared. The staff is good and attentive. Leisure meal time a must.
Now my local gym. They have a great wee mix of gym gear, free weights, treadmill, cross trainer, rowers etc. with the pool and sauna it's makes for a great wee work out :)
Birthday party for my son and a bunch of his buddies. The boys really enjoyed the arcade games and all of them said that the food was great. Our waitress Jessie was awesome!!
Service here is extremely poor.  This place does not accept reservations so there is always a 40 minute wait for a table.  No doubt,the food is good but the hostess is always snooty and impatient.  I love their cheese platters and burgers.
We just moved into a new house and Ezra was insanely helpful, on time and extremely professional. Totally recommend! He's the best.
I really like this place. The food is consistent and high quality, and the prices and service are excellent. They are often busy and the actual restaurant decor, etc. is nothing special, but you are there for the food, right?
Atmosphere was excellent. The sushi rolls were good. The salmon I had was prepared not to my liking though. Had the texture of mashed potatoes. It's $16 a pound but prepared poorly. The service was way below average. Took forever for everything. Even to get a water took 15 minutes.
This place is legit! I got the OMG Chicken Cheesesteak, and it hit the spot. Clean restaurant with friendly staff. We will be back.
The carpets came out great and dried quicker than expected. I wanted to give them 5 stars, but Luis was clearly disappointed when I didn't go for the upsell.
This is MY Fry's!  I love this store.  Nice. Neat. Clean.  They have a vast variety of stuff and the atmosphere is a little more \"upscale\" while the prices are right in line with the rest.
Lennie does a great job with \"shellac\" nails! It's reasonably priced and the French lasts a long time.
It's a pain to have their prescription refilled. One out of 10 calls to Elisa (Tana Frumento's refiller), goes to voicemail and she never gets back to you!
Absolutely stunning!! I've seen some cirque shows before but this was unlike any other. It actually had s story and was truly breathe taking watch. This is my new favorite vegas show!
This is a favorite spot downtown for great service, beer and food.  The happy hour specials are fantastic.  They have a wonderful beer selection.  And hands-down  the best tasting fully loaded Bloody Mary ( won Best of Phoenix).
I was so excited when ikea arrived in Charlotte. If you flipped through their catalog you can see that my whole place is furnished via ikea. Not only do I love the furniture but the Swedish Meatballs too! Num-num-num!
This buffet was great when it first opened, but has now fell off a bit over the past couple of months.  I also believe the price has gone up, yet the food quality has gone down.  Tourists might enjoy this buffet, but being a local...I will have to pass.
Best steak I have ever had by far!  The crab claws were incredible!  We sat at the bar and the service was great and the bartender was very friendly.  I WILL be going back next time I'm in Vegas!  You won't be disappointed!
Very disappointed because I was expecting havanna cafe but we tried it anyway. Service was slow and the food was terrible. Extremely limited menu.
One of my vices for sure. I love this place for some odd reason. The lo mein, broccoli chicken, and sweet and sour chicken are my favs. Egg rolls are good too.
Love the Cleveland vibe. Great football environment.  45 minute turn around time on food is a joke. Especially because it was wings, salads and sandwiches. We had to return the wings because of the old oil smell was overpowering.
So good I like it will be back soon
Beds are modern but the prices are crazy.\nThe stand up bed I tried wasn't very clean  looked like it had sweat all over the glass.\nI wouldn't recommend it to a friend.
WHOA! \n$37 on weekday dinner\n\nnot tasty at all... cold fried chicken, horrible asian food, not much variety, small crab legs, bone marrow is not fresh and needs more seasoning\n\nyum - prime rib, dessert section
The food is very good.  I love the fact that they are adventurous in their menu ingredients.  The only small problem is the service.  They get pretty busy at times and I've been given the wrong drink at least 2 times.  I continue going there for the food quality and price.  They really are very friendly but need to hire more people!
Tasty burgers and onion rings. Clean and friendly. I'd go back again.
The terminals are confusing and the airport seems old
Was not open when I went today (Tuesday at 12). Lights were off and nobody answered the phone or were visible in the window. The interior decor does look charming :(
Went into cici's tonight and they were basically closed at 9 when thw door and website says 10. Hours of operation should be changed to 9 w take oUT til 10...poor customer service and will think twice before going back...
I came here for a wedding reception. The party was small (25-30 people).  They sat us way in the back which was fine until I saw the biggest cockroach I've ever seen. The manager barely offered an apology.
Not Bad For Couple of Days in Canada
Awesome view! Fabulous ambiance!! Super Swanky and Hip. I had dinner there for my boyfriend with another couple. Our food was delicious and the service was great. This  is definitely a nice restaurant for any special occasion. Its pricey, but worth every penny!!
Great, friendly, super fast customer service & they have a drive-thru! (: I've been to several Wells Fargo locations & this one is by far my favorite. No ridiculous lines and long waits.
I am a Realtor and this company took great care of my buyers,  5 fogged window replacements were part of the buyers repair requests and Rem A D always did what they said they would do. I will be using them again soon.
Starting coming here for \"hot yoga\" 2 months ago and love it! Friendly and helpful yoga teachers! Calm and tranquil yoga studio! Clean and sanitary! Check the schedule on the website because they offer 12-$5 classes a week! I'm a regular!
Cafe Rio is on a downhill.\n\nWhen I tried in the past I thought it was decent, but this time, lettuce, rice and all other ingredients were very dry. So disappointing. I don't know how they could overlook it.\n\nGo to Chipotle.
Great food.  Reminds me of home cooked New Mexican food (yes, there is a difference).  There is one male owner? who is very much creepy when he's there, but everything else is outstanding.  Very clean.  Homey feeling.  Friends and I recommend it to anyone looking for Mexican food in our direction.
Avoid at all costs. The service was horribly slow. The draft beer machine was down, they were completely out of craft beers and do you think they even comped us a crappy Bud Light? Nope! The manager was full of excuses though.
We love this place.  I ordered their triple berry pie for Thanksgiving oh my gosh it was so good.  I dont think we have had a bad thing there yet.  Even the day old discounted things are awesome.  Can I  just say again we love this place.
This place used to be so great. Not anymore... Terrible the last 3 times I've been in! So sad.
This buffet was pretty good but kind of expensive for Vegas. Lot of choices to choose from but that makes it difficult to choose if you're not a big eater. Good place to watch people also.  If you gamble a lot, this may be a good comp from the casino.  Not a bad place to go.
Good solid food and Matt was a great server.  The kids menu was the best I've ever seen.
Pretty soon, they will replace this club with something else. When that happens, it will probably be a pretty cool club.
They have improved a lot from the last time I visited , would highly recommend this place for lunch buffet
The only reason I go here is because it's cheap... You can't hear or tune to hear the audio on the TV's because you need to have an FM transmitter... REALLY... who carries around FM Transmitters??  Equipment looks outdated as well.  No towel service.
great restaurant. large caesar salad with a perfect garlic dressing. great menu with lot of food. I like this location.
just fine for a Chipotle, but they refused to chop up some jalepenos.
Very decent!  Atmosphere is nice, a little cookie-cutter, but pleasant.  Coffee is fair.
This company is awesome! Bradley the phone salesman was not only professional but personal. Helped me out every step of the way. I thought it was exceptional service when he actually put me in contact with my insurance company and stayed on the line until my claim was complete. No wonder that are rated number one in the sate!!
Very good Mexican food. Similar to what you find in AZ and CA. Very fresh tasting. Very good service. Don't let the area or outside fool you. Been there every week for the last 3 weeks.
This restaurant has average Indian food but the reason why it gets 2 stars is because of thier horrible customer service. Forgetting drinks, naan, and rice. Only bringing them after the meal was finished.
The worst service ever. DO NOT order take out the idiots will screw up your order every time, then when you go back to complain they don't apologize, they don't even loo at you, the people just hope you go away. KEEP AWAY!!!! I will never go back.
Friendly service, good tasting food. Lots of TVs and good happy hour drink prices.
This place is no where near mexican food. Everything seems to be out of the freezer or a can. My entire experience at this restaurant was horrible.
Wouldn't even give one star!!! The wait for drive through is always really long. It took me 20 minutes to get an order of small tater tots.
EXCELLENT SERVICE.. ASH, the owner, was exceptional and extremely honest. I would recommend this business to all my friends and family. What a great experience i had. Great price for a windshield on my Dad's silverado truck. Quick and neat installation. Shop was immaculate..
Greatest job I have ever had at cleaning my home vents. True to price without trying to build on any extra cost. Will use them again. Highly recommended!
Nice place, generous folks, good hygiene, well-priced, good variety...Will be back again
I've eaten here twice, it was better a few years back. The steak wasn't that great quality in general for the steak. The sides and salads were excellent. I'm kind of upset that they share the name with the fantastic steakhouse Emeril owns in New Orleans.
The pho broth has great flavor and seasoning. The shrimp spring rolls were awesome. Great lunch stop.
Nothing spectacular. I fail to comprehend the buzz. It's overpriced, not especially well executed and too noisy. They seem to be overly focused on being hip and not focused enough on presenting a top notch dining experience.\nDon't believe the hype.
Delicious fish tacos and margaritas!
Great service, great bartenders, beer on tap is extensive. Fantastic views! Love this place!
We had brunch here and it was just ok.  I had the Florentine Eggs Benedict.   It was tasty but the poached eggs were too well done (yolk not runny enough).  The Hollandaise was not seasoned enough.  Bacon was burnt.  Split pea soup was interesting but ultimately not very satisfying.
pretty good... we went there once and the food wasn't that good.  but we have gone back and the food was better must have just been an off night.  everything is yummy.  the dishes are better then the sushi!  we breing our kids every time so very kid friendly.
Good food, reasonable $$$$, and more important a good staff and mgmt.    we go almost on a weekly basis, and we always get a wave from the mgr and other servers.  Very friendly place.  Good margaritas!!!!!!
Oh My Goodness...I Love me some Jimmy Johns.  \n\nI have been to several location and I am never dissapointed.  The bread is yummy.  Deli meat fresh (awesome Turkey).  oh and the pickles...I love the pickles.  Best of all the prices are very reasonable.
Everything I have ordered has been delicous, The ribs are some of the best Ive had.
Breakfast. Decent filled omelet, nice crisp bacon, coffee stronger than American but weaker than real French, disappointingly ordinary brioche toast, fawning service. Prices not too heinous considering the location, but it's really about as French as Olive Garden is Italian.
Great food and friendly staff. They have very good Vietnamese coffee. I'll be going back soon.
Visited Dragon Palace while visiting my daughter in Phoenix.  Service was quick and courteous.  Food was okay, nothing spectacular.  Not the best I've had, but definitely not the worst I've ever had.  I would come back here again for a safe meal when I'm in the mood for Chinese food in Phoenix.
This is an okay theater, I usually go here because it's right by my house. It's pretty small and the prices at the concession stands are really high, so I usually eat before I come see a movie here.
Everytime my boyfriend and I come here we get treated so nicely. They always greet us and talk to us like we're all best friends. We prefer going here over all grocery stores because of the great employees. Today we even got a sandwich with our groceries from the spikey hair guy~ Thank you!! :)
Very friendly as I entered. Shop totally dedicated to the RC hobby. Limited paint selection focusing on lexan.
Can't miss here.  Everything is delicious and everyone that works here is kind and hospitable.  I don't live in Las Vegas, but sure gives me a few really compelling reasons to want to :)
Went here for lunch and the lunch specials were so affordable. Our server was a sweet heart and the fod was very good.
Food was great, but the service was terrible.  It was new years eve, so I assume it is not always like that.
Spend 20 minutes shopping 40 in the line and the place was so dirty and the employees are just not happy at all.\nTarget here I come.
Red velvet pancakes are great!  Didn't like the hash Brown that much. Too dry and the bacon want my fave too. . They way they cooked it... too dry.
Bought some fresh bagels, made straight from the machine. They were fresh, moist sesame bagels. Opted for the standard cream cheese even though they have a variety of spreads. Very tasty and this place deserves another visit as they had a cute bistro setting in their back yard.
We were welcomed warmly by the cashier, who was a very friendly guy. Sorry to say, the food was less than desirable. The burgers were small and cold. We watched our fries and onion rings sit under the lights for 10 minutes...arrived cold and over salted. No go on a return visit.
Absolutely love this place!!!! Some of the best, unique cocktails in Scottsdale can be found here. The people who run the show are always friendly and accommodating. The atmosphere is very laid back and relaxed. I'd definitely recommend checking this place out.
Way. Too. Loud. \n\nAt least it's non-smoking though...\n\nGuess I'm getting old.
It was abnormally warm inside and the food was sub par at best.  Drinks were also below average.  Not worth the price or time.  I had high expectations for this place and it definitely did not live up.
Went for dinner.  Only liked two dishes there, prime rib and primavera pasta.  Dessert, though there was a large selection, was mediocre in taste.  \n\nHeard from others that the best is to go for champagne brunch.
My nails looked great, but not even a week after I had them they started breaking! I wasn't doing anything out of the ordinary, the product just seems cheap to me.
One word: DELIRIUM\n\n4 stars for having my favoriate Belgium beer on Draft. This place can be either very pricey or very expsensive; it just depends on your taste. The food isnt that great but who cares they have 700plus beers to try.
Terrible experience in Swaddee.  I found an used bandage in the food.  So yakkk!!!  The waitress came and grabbed the dish away.  I should've take a picture about it. She apologized for the incident.  But my friends and I had to leave.  I will never go to the place again.
I would come here for that turnip soup they have at the bar. Other wise, expect typical Korean faires here. Nothing special.
Excellent food, excellent service, always consistent. Great drink menu that changes seasonally. Every visit is as good if not better than the last.
Wow!  Had dinner last night and what an excellent experience.  Sampled many of the special small plates...the octopus balls (not the testicles BTW) and chicken skin was great.  Sampled the sashimi of which all was fresh and tasty.  Service was great .  I cant wait to come back and try more.
Unique Vegas choice. Next to monorail for e-z access to strip + but away from slot noise and smoke! Nice restaurants - friendly staff.  Views are great from the rooms.  Also next to convention center.
You get what you paid for! Room temp food and not so Mongolian tasting BBQ! No sushi!!!!!! Krazy buffet on Sahara has sushi and it is only $1 more. 2 stars because of the friendliness of the staff! And you pay before you eat.
These were the worst tacos I've ever had! No flavor at all..  I don't recommend this to any one! Service was  a 3 at best also.
Love this place! my usual go to item is the pasta with vodkas sauce? i think thats what it is called! very nice employees! and i also like the pizza they serve. All pre made items.
Dr. Brinkmann was recommended to me by so many and they were absolutely right!  He and his staff are amazing!
The best philly cheesesteak in town!
Love this place. I am allergic to Gluten so the fact that they carry Gluten free and Vegan options is really awesome. The good is very fresh and they do not serve processed food. I recommend the chicken and buffalo mozzarella panini. For dessert, get the red velvet cake!
I have been seeing Jill for a little over a year after struggling with bad, nail salon, waxes. Jill helped regrow, reshape, and just complete rejuvenate my eyebrows and I wouldn't go to anyone else. Even with her move I had to keep seeing her. She is wonderful and really knows her stuff!
Very good chinese restaurant. The best egg fu yung I've ever had.. Very friendly staff
Food is great but service is HORRIBLE!
Mobile 1 is the best oil. Plus Honest people. Go see Dick!! He was nice and explained what I would be wanting to do next.
3 Stars, more for the food than the service. I sat for 10 minutes before ordering my drink. Not because I didn't know what I wanted mind you... Actually I'm subtracting one star because 10 minutes is too long to wait to order a drink. Most corporate restaurants give servers 60 seconds to get a drink order.
Nice place in the plateau with a very knowledgeable and accomodating owner. Menu written on chalkboard and great variety of flavourful french dishes.
Delicious crepes, good coffee, *excellent* hours.\nBoth times I've been there the service has been fine and delightfully-unStarbucksy (by which I mean humans work there, not robots).
Chicken parm was just average. Field greens salad was great. Wait staff was great. The seating is right under the blue sky and in front of a large fountain in the Forum Shops.
Food is GREAT! Local business owners who are friendly, know you by name and offer GREAT service. I would recommend the place to anyone I know!
This place is great!  My husband and I ordered the other night and were pleasantly surprised!  Great food, great pricing and quick, friendly delivery.  I will note that the gentleman on the phone was pleasant and spoke English very well - we have had some issues in the past with communication break-downs so this was totally a bonus.
Very professional; great ambiance. The best pedis in town!
Bonne ambiance, bonne assiette et bon service... Au passage: cassoulet toulousain + vin = excellente choix.
Small thrift shop which beneifts St. Vincent De Paul.\nFair selection of good quality furniture, random DVD's, pictures, tchocki's, etc.\nStaff was pleasant and didn't hover.
The food was great and so was service
I just want to say how much I love Crimpers Hair Salon. Gavin is such a joy and he does an awesome job. He knows his color and does a spectacular job. I always come out of there feeling like a million bucks! Thanks Gavin!
Not the same
Great poker room.  Clean, well run, competent dealers.  Daily tournaments have a great structure.  I only wish they offered a higher buy in (all $125), in the $300 to $500 range.  The poker room rate is also really fair.
Freezing. Dirty Feeling. Crowded. Lots of Fencing. Lots of waiting.\n\nPeople who think this is the best view in Las Vegas has not been to the Stratosphere top of the view.\n\nDo that one first, then come back to this review.
Knowledgeable technicians and gentle demeanor from all staff. Given all the options before proceeding with annual exam. .. excellent service
Breakfast is always good. Homefries lack. Friendly service and atmosphere.
They sell bento boxes to-go.  There are fish, chicken, and combination Bento boxes.  It's a relatively cheap lunch - like $4 for a small Bento and $6 for a large one.  It's high quality food for the price.
It is a castle.
I went for breakfast with a friend.  YUM!!  I had the most delicous breakfast burrito.  The potatoes are as yummy as they come.  We used an entertainment coupon for buy one get one but it would have been cheap even without it.  I can't wait to go back.
If you want to pay $15 for a burger and fries that tastes like it should have come from a drive through and will make you rush to the bathroom in a cold sweat, then FUDDRUCKERS IS FOR YOU!\n\n(No. We did not have a pleasant experience.)
Just finished eating here! And couldn't leave  without writing a review. Their service was wonderful and the food was even better. The choripollo was excellent big portions for under 8 bucks. Great lunch specials can't wait to come back when we are in town.
I ate here last time I was in Montreal. I tend to agree with some of the other reviews. It's a typical chain and frankly I regret not visiting other \"local\" restaurants that probably would have been much better. That being said, you can get a good steak here if that is all you are interested in.
I love this place! Cheesesteaks are true to Philly... I swear when I bite into a cheesesteak here, I can feel the boardwalk of Jersey under my feet!
The food was really good, but despite being there incredibly early the kids' food came out quickly while the adults' food didn't come out until the kids' good was already gone or already cold. That was a bummer!
Three of us went there for dinner. Nothing special, kind of fast food Mexican style. Later one had a very bad upset stomach, the other two (including me) did not feel real good either.  No more Filbertos, no more
Yay!!! This place is CLOSED! Now hopefully something worth while will take it's place!! Yay!!!!
Huge portions, good pricing, friendly service.  I really like this place.  No seating inside, but on a sunny day, great to pick up and sit in park next door.
way way too pricey!!\n10-15 $ for appetizer??! not even taste good.\nAvoid.
Kudos to Dr. Poremba for taking care of my mom.  We were looking for a family dentist in the area who could help my mom with much needed dental work.  Dr. Poremba took the time to explain things in a way my mom could understand.  He was compassionate and kind.
Carmelita is by far the Best!!!!
Great food and atmosphere. Sweet potato waffle fries are the best. Great for Pirate games.
I enjoy the light menu at Jamba, a small or 16 oz mango is only about 180 calories.
The mozarella sandwich is amazing.  They have a very limited menu, but once you try the food, you will eat there regularly.\n\nAll outdoor seating, and they have limited hours, so make sure you check the hours before you head out there.
The food here was good but our waitress disappeared after we got our food. After waiting an extra 15 mins we decided that it must be free so we got up and left.
great food great service the staff is very welcoming
Nice folks but too small and most importantly the food was eh. Super salty biscuit on the benedict with cold potatoes. Also you get charged for coffee refills so make sure you don't get another cup at $2 a pop!
We were slightly unsure at first as we walked in and saw no one (but in all fairness it was the day after Thanksgiving), but ended up delightfully surprised! The food was excellent, the presentation was beautiful, and the service delightful. I wish I could give them ten stars!
Pizza huts food takes like crap!
I enjoyed a terrific spicy Thai chicken bowl.  5 star taste and presentation, but at $13 for lunch, I docked it a star for being a bit pricey.  Outstanding service and a tasty Kono coconut-flavored brown beer made for a wonderful lunch experience.
Been here three times this last visit for brunch on Saturday and Sunday, dinner was awesome and the bone in steak was great!  Service is phenomenal!!!  Definitely go back my next visit ****
Tried the Fajita Chicken and Beef mixed, is one of the best I tried. Other foods though are OK. Servings are huge!!
Service was good, but quality of the fish was a bit off, except the King Salmon was right. Cucumber salad was over pickled.
Absolutely love this place! Near Carnegie Mellon and awesome half offs. In love with Karaoke nights on Wednesdays.
Came in today for lunch and the owner Johnny was very nice, informative about the food and the local favorite. I got a chicken quesadilla and it was the best I ever had. Very family friendly. Will definitely be back.
The food here is decent. I think it was one of the first places I ate at when I moved to Madison. If I ever stumble through Wisconsin again, I'll have to give it a try.
The steakhouse burger was really great.
Cherry when they have it!!!!!!!, plain with pineapple is awesome. the owner is super nice and tries to get as much organic fruit each day that she can, had the acqui berry last time and that was good too.
It's the cleanest filly\"b\"s around. Soda was a bit syrupy and the bathroom was just cleaned. As a result of the bathroom I think my lungs have permanent damage. \n\nThe food was good overall. About what is expected of fillibertos.
Never had a problem until tonight. Waited 40+ minutes for our waitess to take our food order. After years of patronage, I won't be back for a while. Sorry, but I'm a vengeful s.o.b.
My order came before my coffee.Coffee not hot when it came. \nOrdered biscuts & Gravy Very Good.\nWait staff skills need improvement
No doubt a popular venue as judged by our wait even after we had a reservation. \n\nAte my usual bone in filet and was utterly disappointed. In fact I was underwhelmed by every dish that came out.  \n\nI guess I should have gotten the seafood?
The inefficiency of the staff in this place is appalling! Slow moving, no sense of urgency, etc. THAT is why the lines are so long.
The world may never know why Van Buren is such a ghetto paradise, but you can rest assured that you are right in the thick of it at the Days inn!  Nice pool, and the palm trees are a plus.  Just roll with it.  It will all be over before you know it.
I love this place. Everyone is really friendly and they give great instruction throughout the class. I have brought my friends who also love this studio.
Awesome station!  Until prairie home companion comes on for hours at a time.
I generally try and avoid eating at chain fast food places, but when my wallet is stretched thin from living on the Strip for a few days Chipotle is a decent option.  The food is the same as everywhere else, and the price is relatively similar as well.
I'll agree with J.B. and Lisa K.  The people especially at the front need to be either trained, re-trained, or replaced.  The restaurateur should know that, the servers can either make or break the meal.  Here, the servers definitely break the meal.\n\nNot much else to say.
Closed....now a chicken shack!!!
Lindsey the best customer rep... 5 stars for her..told u Lindsey I yelp you..thank you
We just left the place it't wass really nice and clean room, compare to price it was very good, the guy working in reception (David) he was really nice guy
It's not that great. Better off to drive 10 more minutes and find a better sushi place. Also it always smells like bad cleaning products.
This location is a little bit more casual than Arcadia and the food and wine are terrific and the 11-5 prices are awesome! Great local hangout.
There's nothing special about Nobu.  They have multiples locations. This place is for novice sushi lover.
The macarons are pricey, too sweet and not crispy enough on the outside.\n\nI would rather travel to la gourmadine on butler to get my macaron fix. The la gourmadine ones taste awsome and way cheaper.
Good drunk food but not good food. The pizza is microwaved at best. the dogs are all most all fat. the only good thing is the fry's. beer selection is OK but you don't know how long some of those beers have been there. and the on tap is a joke.
I loved this place, it's very cozy, romantic, you can sit in the patio or inside, very nice for couples, you can go there early and just have apps and drinks with friends or just have a nice meal. The service and food are really great.
Five stars isn't enough...this place is awesome!
These guys know how to fry!  I had fried zucchini with a good cheeseburger. Terry had the fried chicken sandwich   The best he has ever had!\n\nThey have a huge wall of sodas!
Great Pizza!
I had a cheese burger here last night. The patty tasted as if it had been heated more than once and possibly had a visit with the microwave, no flavor and chewy.  The service was great and the food came out fast (yay, for microwaves!) but I will never return.
Been sitting here 20 minutes, only a few people here, still waiting for a waitress to show up and ask if I wanted a drink or food.
I really enjoyed my salad and mini grilled cheese. Hubby had the salami pesto sandwich and proclaimed it was to big for one person. Uhhmm he ate the whole thing. My one disappointment was sweet and salty brownie. Perfectly sweet and salty but just too gooey to eat.
The soft play is great fun for all ages of children but at \u00a33 for a hour for a 1 year old is a bit steep.\nThe cafes coffees have a lot to be desired.
Really friendly service and there are things on the menu for vegetarians, I had the portobello mushroom burger and it was quite tasty. The fries are nothing to write home about but the beer selection is decent. The outdoor seating was a bonus and they allowed my dog to join me which was a really nice touch.
Sammy's Food is Great and the portions are so well served, never skimp here!  Alicia  also gave us great service, she made sure everything we ordered was perfect.  Sammy's LA is always a must stop when I'm in Vegas!
I was  told Fat Tuesday has the best slushy margaritas, and they were right! i didn't get the yard, but the sports bottle and that was quite enough! I recommend ordering extra shots, but of Grey Goose,,,service is fast and bartenders are friendly :)
This place is a mad house BUT the food is better than decent and they have a large variety. Everything seems to be made fresh in house and the service people are responsive.
Competent, but expensive (and inconsistent) sushi. A place to go if you have RFB, but I wouldn't spend money here. You're paying for the waterfall view, but only a fraction of the tables have that.
Best in class. Whether stopping by for a honey covered fry bread or a great green chile indian taco this place is hard to beat. We stop by every chance we get.
The portions are big so split with someone, I had the Corned Beef Hash, the corned beef was so delicious.  Would go there again..
So the 1st time I went to Vegas I headed over to this hotel which houses a lot of old timers....not a good place for a 1st timer in Vegas. \n\nRoom was in the courtyard and the pool was just decent. \n\nHave never been back and don't intend to
Stuffed dates and artichoke toasts. It doesn't get any better. \n\nTried a number of other dishes, haven't had luck with any seafood dish. Poorly cooked everytime. Others are decent. Chicken can be bland and queso was pretty greasy.
Had the raspberry muffin and it was delicious and fresh.  Well, it better be for $3.50.  The chocolate croissant was crispy but I've had much better in Montreal and in other cities.
I went looking for Christmas clothes for my niece and nephew but didn't like the selections.  The place was so cluttered and packed it made it difficult to movr around. The line was about 20 long with 5 registers open. I got nauseous and left with no purchase.
Good spot to get a coffee,  but the attitude of some of the baristas need to remember that they are there to make coffee. My friend and I were both told what we wanted would take awhile instead of saying it will be longer than usual,  it's like they dreaded the thought of brewing coffee....aye
Prime rib its their specialty and they do out right. I try to go at least twice a year, and get the Diamond Jim Brady cut. The spinner salad that they are so proud of is just ok.
This is a great bagel store! They make great sandwiches too!
Used to here often when I lived here. A PGH landmark. Ignore the haters. Enjoy it for what it is and you will like it.
I love their taco supremest ooh they are so yummy. They have always been my favorite!
Excellent food, friendly service.  I had the Cashew Chicken and it had the most flavor of any Chinese restaurant I've had in the east valley.
Two stars for the Jalape\u00f1o cheese bombers because they're bombbb!! Service isn't great which bring down the rating.
I'm staying on the Strip, I need someplace reasonably priced to eat lunch, I don't want to go far, and I want it to be easy to take it back to the room.   Thank you China Max for fulfilling my needs!
Best breakfast in town. Do yourself a favor and get the sweet potato pancake. Wait time has been half as long as they told us. Great service!
Sympatique petit march\u00e9 sur Fleury.
Perfection. I ordered flowers which was  the Patriotic Tribute -  a military flower arrangement. The flowers were fresh and came in a timely manner.  Their response to my questions were prompt. What more can you ask for? Thank you for such great customer service and for such a great arrangement.
Great atmosphere, drinks very expensive for the size of them and the food was not up to what the reviews said. You get. 15% off of the tab for being in the industry which was nice and might have me going back.
Greg is extremely knowledgable and helpful.  Work was completed promptly and correctly.  Highly recommended for taxes, payroll, and any accounting need for the small business owner!
i love monicals.\nalways good to have some \"hometown taste\" when visiting.\ni was told it has changed a bit, but to me it was still as yummy as before.
went for a bachelor party dinner in oct 08...so amazing! service could not have been any better. sides were amazing, but if you get the rib eye..you wont need them. manager came to our party to make sure everything was as we liked. very impressive.
Went there for a late lunch on Sat.  Service was pretty good and the food was OK but not fantastic..  Overall I'd give them a C.
Food wasnt that great. Everytime I come here the quality of food and taste keeps getting worse. Nothing beats canes
One word... bland.
It was fine. The food was OK but I've certainly had better and fresher Thai food elsewhere. I would not go back.
All cover and no book!  'Specialty drinks' tasted like they were made for a 15 year old, sushi was standard, rolls were substandard.  Dessert was excellent though. All decor and image.
Piano bar experience was OK.  However, we ordered the pizza and it was the worst food I have eaten (attempted to eat).  Frozen crust - cardboard would have tasted better.  Shame on you for even allowing it in the back door!
AMAZING!! All of the food was incredible, and the decor and atmosphere was great. Expensive, but worth it.
This place is awesome! The best pho I've ever had and that includes San Francisco's Chinatown. The papaya salad is what you want to know about. The service is always great. Check this hidden gem out. You won't be sorry.
Great Food, Great Service! I would love to see them allow more substitutions on the menu.
Not bad...Taste like what I make at home...\n\nIt looks like a hole in the wall joint but the server was very friendly.
It's nice place! Whenever i found chance, i go there for dinner or lunch. Tasty food quality. I recommend it to all my group friend.
Food was delicious as always but the bathrooms were horrible! Definitely needs some attention
*Solid place, steak frites variety is great (many different ways to get it done) and the oysters were BC (which is awesome as we all know)\n*Spot on service and they make a MEAN martini\n*reasonable prices
Not good!\nService was wanna-be professional and food was average at most and WAY overpriced (had lamb for $100!).
Went in there on a Sunday with four people working and two other clients in there only. Asked for a pedi and gel manicure, they had me soaking in cold water for 30 minutes without them checking on me or notifying me of a wait before I just left.
HORRIBLE waiter- rudest I have ever experienced. Food did come out way too fast- artichoke dip in 2 minutes? Have to agree with other reviewer that a lot of menu is microwaved. But in my opinion our server Daniel was what made the experience the worst.
great ambiance, good beer, not great food.
Overall good service and good food. Delivered on taste and quality. The chicken and steak fajitas were tasty and the ground beef chimichanga could've had more flavor. The fried ice cream was perfect. With so many options in the area, it will be awhile before I go back simply because its good but not great.
Went last night with a group of friends and the bouncers were a**holes with us. This isn't New York and you are not a high end club. Have some respect for your patrons, if they want to buy a bottle don't make them wait for 30 minutes while you let everyone and their mother in.
Friendly and attentative staff.  The facility is clean and the work stations were clean too. I got the rockstar nails. Definitely would recommend it to anyone that likes glittery nails. It has lasted me for two weeks. The coat itself looks like it would last me longer but my nails grew out.
If you want to enjoy a good smoke with a solid selection of craft brew, this is a great choice.  Excellent customer service as well!
The mall that has it all. From a Home Depot to a Super Target, there are fast food outeries, casual dining and caffeine, ice cream and jewelry, even a gas station! In the warmer weather, nice for walking.\n\nAnd one of the only roundabouts I've seen in South Charlotte.
Totally worth risking standing on line in the cold. Buy tickets in advance online. Also bring student ID for a discounted ticket. Really enjoyed the Chinese garden.
Food is very good, staff is friendly. Building is kind of run down and the neighborhood is questionable at night.
Hopefully our experience here will be nice, I have watched one employee by the window changing 4 tires for the past hour and he is nowhere net being finished. He threw the plastic caps face down on the shop floor, and has so far been more interested in texting his \"boo\" than finishing that car.
You would think that the major casino corporations would have poured some money into this place to make it not a shit hole.\n\nThey have a Nascar themed bar that is a special slice of hell.
Smaller for a Macy's but they have plenty of good brand names to choose from and the store is clean.  Great shoe section!  They are located in a decent spot within the Scottsdale Fashion Square mall, which makes this store go up a notch despite it's smaller size.
Service and food presentation was a little cheesy, but thats Vegas baby.... Great beef ( prime rib and ribeye). Decor is dated and old school, but clean. If you like lots of beef and want to pay top dollar, this is your place.
We came here for the lunch buffet and were happy with the service we received. The price was great and the food was what we expected.. nothing overly exciting but not poor quality either. We came on St Patrick's day and we're seated right away. Our server went out of her way to ensure we were satisfied at all times.
the signs are in the wrong spots, the aisles are narrow in most areas and way to wide in one or two. I can forgive all this, except for the lack of organization on where the items are. there is a problem if I spend 45mins finding salt.
Best NYC/Jewish-style food I have had in AZ.
like the star says \"Meh. Ive experianced better\"
Fun local joint that caters to those who are considered as regulars.  If your not identified as a local you will be made to wait.  I kind of appreciate that but at the \n\nsame time my money spends as good as theirs. \n\nThe food is great but the service is ho hum.
Great service and excellent place to get breakfast. The eggs Benedict were made perfect! You won't be disappointed by their omelettes either
Nothing special, but in a great location.
This review is for breakfast. Fast food style, a little better than Dennys and McDonald's.
Great place for breakfast and to watch a Michigan football victory!
(12-5-14) Oh my this was tasty and they had vitamin water in the fountain drinks area. I so needed another alternative to soda. I'd go back for more. Just wish they had a combo instead of charging things separately.
haven't tried the breakfast yet, but late at night for a drink.\ni love their bathroom wallpaper.
Great break from everything big on the strip.  Pretty interesting crowd but staff seemed to be on the ball.
I mainly go there for sashimi at lunch for 15 bucks. If you have an urge, you can't beat the price for an AYCE :)\nSushi is ok, and waiters are nice.
The food was okay. I wouldn't really care to go back. It's just a fast food Mexican restaurant. If you are spending time in Vegas, there are so many other places you could go to.
WORST customer service ever! This company has messed up my orders repeatedly and the customer service workers always blame the driver. They won't even apologize or offer a discount. If you ask them to, they have no problem yelling at you & telling you you're wrong. I have no idea how they get away with it all.
This is good old school Italian. For $32 We got soup (delicious minestrone) or salad, garlic bread, very good veal parmigiana, a full liter of house wine and a delicious cappuccino for dessert. It was worth the cost.
nice products but just can't afford their prices so I don't shop there anymore.
First time here didn't know what to order so I got the Jun's special and it was great \nIt had a little bit of everything\nWill definitely come back
It's a Chili's Too - I wasn't expecting much.  We were sat in the bar quickly and our waitress was friendly and efficient.  The food met my expectations.
I was totally disappointed with this restaurant. Food tasted horrible and there were not many options. The staff also did not respond well when we told them the food was not hot enough. Overall, I wouldn't visit this place again.
When you walk in, the music makes it feel like you've entered a club.  The wife spent about an hour looking at the clothes, but as for the men's selection, too tight, and too small.  Maybe it's just not my style.
Local neighborhood pub with excellent food, friendly service, and a great beer selection. I recommend the Steel Town wrap, Buffalo Chicken salad, or a burger - yum! Don't miss out on the outdoor seating in their side yard.
Good thai food, reasonably priced and a nice atmosphere.  Been here several times and never had a bad meal.  Not the best thai I have ever had, but its good, close, and on the way home.  The lunch specials are very generous on size and tasty.  This place is my stand by Thai restaurant now.
Always a good place anywhere you go.  It's a solid 4 stars.  I had another great meal here with some co-workers.
terrible selection of shoes and jeans, and the changing rooms smell like a red line el stop. if you absolutely must visit a department store, drive a few miles and hit up macy's instead.
Closed and site is for lease. Hope someone who knows how to run a good restaurant takes it over\n.
Great healthy food and great people who run the place.  Regular customer and never disappointed.  \nSalads even great without dressing.  \nYou should try it!
I go for coffee. They give me coffee. I drink the coffee. It works.
Pittsburgh's hottest waitresses who don't know how to waitress! \n\nAside from that, this place has a HUGE beer selection. Food is mediocre. I occasionally come here for lunch.
Best california roll I've ever had made with fresh alaskan king crab and not the imitation crab roll.  I also got some yellowfin sushi that was delicious. Service was excellent and I really enjoyed sitting at the sushi bar.  The chefs cut up fresh whole fish right there.
Chipotle is always a solid stop for a quick cheap dinner, but lets not confuse that for an amazing place.
The happy hour is really good to get variety and meatball sandwiches ($3) and you can choose your meat and sauce. The milkshakes are wonderful. The mojitos are not anything special and I would just recommend a beer but they are hugely over-priced, even for Las Vegas.
So sad to see you go.\n\n$1 Blackjack, 4oz martinis,blood on the walls and semen on the sheets.\n\nYou were my kind of place.
The bar is sweet. Great food. Mozzarella was very tasty. Great drinks. Mixology at it's finest. Good tunes. Coming back soon.
Call me spoiled ...this sushi is gross and the orange chicken , well it was so thin I don't think it had chicken in it. Go somewhere else.
Second Time I Been In the Last 2 Weeks Good Food, Will Like To Try A Few More Things On The Menu.. Will Go Back
The location is great. The room rates are great for what you get. The service is awful! Aren't the Hooters girls supposed to be nice to customers?? The only good service was in the restaurant... and it wasn't even the Hooters restaurant!
Great food, great wings. Bartenders have some attitude every now and then but overall great place.
Old school Italian. Lorraine Hunt keeps this tradition alive.  Love the food. Same as always.   Thank you Lorraine.
Flavors are ok, popcorn is kind a chewy and missing some freshness to it.
They now accepting credit cards . Don't go close to their closing . They were extremely busy. Try mixing the green burro with beans for those who do not like it that spicy.  They have the best refried beans . Also try their tacos
This is an excellent restaurant! Great atmosphere and service. We ordered one of their sushi combos and sashimi, and it was the best we've had in the valley! The sashimi practically melted in your mouth. I definitely recommend this great new restaurant; I know I'm definitely coming back.
Best ever.
Excellent place to stay. The staff was helpful and friendly. Gave us military discount. HBO, popcorn and soda included. Indoor pool and  free breakfast. Wifi included.
For $18+ avg per plate I would expect above average food. The food was VERY disappointing. Quantities were small, not enough for an adult. Kids food was dry and tough.\nService was good. Guacamole was okay. Salsa was decent.
Bottom line: Favorless. \nWishing Tokyo Sushi hadn't closed. Liking forward to the next endeavor. It can't be a lot worse than this. Looking for a happy ending. Suggestions?
I think I accidentally gave my bad review to the Queen Creek location. It belongs to this location!!! Not honoring advertised special even after confirmation number was provided! Unacceptable!!!
I've done the teppanyaki twice.  It is a lot of fun with a group of friends.  The prices are higher than normal, but the food is good.  This is definitely a place to be seen so dress accordingly.
The food is great for the portion size. and price to as well.
Eh, I tend to  avoid this location.  It is attached to a gas station which makes for traffic and tricky parking. It is very small location,  Also, the barristas here have messed up my order multiple times.  When they are made correctly the drinks are great!
Great serviceee!
Cafe Republique Rue Peel location is unethical.  My credit card information was stolen from this location and $1,000 of fraudulent charges were charged to my credit card.  Go get yourself an education, ethics and learn how to spend your own money.  Don't go around spending other people's hard earned money.  Karma is a bitch.
When your in Vegas and want to venture off the strip of a great breakfast. Just down W. Sahara you will find this gem. \n\nThe food is great the banana nut muffins are awesome. It has a very down home atmosphere and very friendly service. Excellent place for parents with kids and wont break the bank.
Their deli meats are imported, top notch quality & will make your mouth water if you're used to Italian home made cooking. I'm from Rhode Island we're all either Italian or Portuguese & this place reminds me of home.
It took me less than 2 minutes on the phone to take care of the crack in my windshield. \n\nThey came out to my work, and the windshield replacement was done before I left for the day. \n\nPlus they were half the price of the company my car insurance recommended I use!
Second best staff in Las Vegas.  Anything here is good, just dont try the beerlao, they are mine !
Teenie Tiny tacos but very tasty.  Green tomatilio salsa was delicious.  Drinks were very refreshing and our waitress Baronica was awesome.
The meat and bread is so fresh that it makes Mr. Goodcents my number one sub place to hit up when in the mood for a sub
This place equals mediocre sushi served by scantily clad waitresses abiding to terrible themed nights such as \"Vegas night\".\n\nIn my opinion it's the hooters of sushi, but at least the Ra girls aren't usually missing teeth and/or pregnant.
I tried to order any cocktail and they didn't have any mixers. The food is good some days and bad the next. I was disappointed because its near where I live, but I don't care to go back.
Starbucks is Starbucks. However, this location tends to get very congested and often seems to be under-staffed. Very small and seating is limited. I recommend popping into the Starbucks at Target or Harris Teeter across the street for faster service and the same quality.
The pizza is awesome but be prepared to wait.  I went with a group of 8 and waited about 4 hours to get seated.  The nice thing was they own the bar next door so we had a great time talking over drinks and appetizers.  The pizza was awesome and the staff are really friendly.  Altogether it was a great Saturday night.
Standard fare, food and drinks. Nothing real special. If you want a nice happy hour the check it out.
Tried this place based on Yelp reviews for a recent lunch.  We decided to try both the Chicago style and regular pizzas.  I will say both of these pizzas were very good.  Delivery was fast and the pizza arrived hot.  Will definitely be back.
We ordered our pizza first and somehow the 2 families that came after us got theirs before us..and it was empty when we got here
They have quite possibly the best sandwiches in America and it was well worth the hype. Had seen them featured on Food Network and was looking forward to my first visit and they didn't disappoint!!
This restaurant delivers on taste, presentation and the view.  My wife and I came here to celebrate our wedding anniversary.  We enjoyed their gourmet  duck dish and a fabulous creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e  for dessert.  Service was impeccable!
The inside of this Starbucks was the worst I have ever seen. And there were no seats. Weird place.
Good Chicago thin crust pizza! Their home made sausage is the best I have had west of the mississippi.\ngood for carry out or dine in when the place isn't packed
2.5 stars: 2 hours for a detail and no wi-fi :(
Good food but some of the food have so much oil but they have good service and yummy food
Great selection! Great ice cream!
Excellent well maintained baseball fields with shade for those hot summer days. Its located in a very nice community with tennis and basketball courts.
Dont go !!! Expensive, poor service, half the table was done with their food, the other half was still waiting for theirs. Incompetent waiters and waitresses. Dry, tasteless food.
WOW!! cold food the wings was ice cold the steak was like rubber.  Wish now I took my family some where else.  Most items was out or looked old.  I love chicken livers but those was burnt and hard are rocks the dessert stuff was picked though and the bread was not all the way cooked.
Go about 1250 feet south and you'll find a Roberto's that is miles better.
Yummy!!
Their beer is really good, especially for $1.75. The BBQ place is unbelievable, so good. It sucks its always busy and you have to wait like 30+min to get seated, but its worth it. Have some beers at the bar while waiting
Mastro's serves up the best steak in Scottsdale.  They also offer delicious seafood and excellent side dishes.  Prices are steep. After 10pm this place becomes a pick up joint for gold digging women seeking sugar daddy's.
The Thin Man Sandwich is amazing and worth the trip alone but the sides and soup were also very good. Service was friendly and fast.  Can't wait to go back and try everything else.
Only get the pan roast.  This was my second time here and I tried the gumbo which was okay but not even close to the pan roast.  Service was friendly and very nice.  Worth the wait. Will try the clam chowder next time I go.
A native San Franciscan in Arizona for grad school, I have searched far and wide for a place comparable my beloved Axis and Ritual cafes. At Lux, I found my home at a place with the best desserts in the desert.
Shake was not anywhere near las Vegas quality. The flavor was boring. The only thing not outrageous was the price. But the flavor was dull and lifeless. I only had a shake but will not be back for the rest.
poor sound .... hard to understand actors.\nHORRID PARKING\nTERRIBLE PARKING\nArrive 1 hour early and parking is all gone\nI will never go here again.
I really enjoy Donato's. The food is terrific-love the pasta sauce and chocolate rubbed steak!! Great wine list!!!\n\nI've taken company, out of towners, etc. there. Really impressive!
Love this place. Great food, sushi is awsome and for a dive great authentic feel.
Excellent food, reasonable price and great atmosphere.  I love these \"hole in the wall\" places. I will definately go back next time I am in Vegas. I recommend any of the fried rice choices. And the yellow curry can be as spicey as you like it.
Depends on what you order but most of the food is very oily/fattening. I got the biscuits and gravy, the taste was okay, I've had way better though..
The location is better, away from the strip. It is a lot smaller from the old Gameworks. The games are great and up to date. Durning the weekend there is a ton of families. But it's a giant arcade so I can't complain. Overall it's okay place and the price is reasonable.
Excellent service. Fun atmosphere. The coffee is a rich dark brew. But if you like that sort of thing, it's great.
Dont know how this place got 4 stars what a dive nobody there sat 5 min nobody came left won't go again
Slooooow service in deli.  Cashiers surly. Prices high. Selection limited
You can mix ice cream with candy. Do you really need much more reason or review? :-)
Always always always good.....good prices and large portions!!!! I usually have it delivered but the few times I have been in to the restaurant it is clean and the staff is friendly. As a matter of fact I am ordering my regular right now......mmmmmm!!!!
Nice bar in an out of the way strip mall. The staff was really nice but not what I was expecting to pay for the location and a bar with an average beer selection. However they did have a decent food menu, a couple nice pool tables and a lounge area.
There's usually no wait here. Nice place to stop and grab some good Roast Beef Sandwiches! Tonight I'm trying out the number 12. Roast Beef, Bacon, and Cheddar!! Curly fries as always...
This is a nice little spot to grab a meal while at the mall. Food is good and reasonably priced. Much better than the food court! Tomato soup is excellent, sandwich's, pizza, all good.
Also went here today. Anybody who is interested in history or history of toys may want to pay a visit here.I quite enjoyed just a little nit more than the peoples story. Every picture here told a story.
I was not impressed. We went for an oil change because it was close by, but the oil change took 2 hours. The man working inside was nice, but gave us no explanation as to what was taking so long. Will not be returning.
Everything here is delicious!  Burgers on pretzel buns is where it's at.  And the fish tacos were amazing and I don't even like fish!  If you're thinking about trying is place, do yourself a favor and go!
The pizza here is good but nothing special really stands out about it other than the memories you and your drunk friends forget.
The dude at the drive-thru never fails to mess up my order...granted it's a coffee drink which can be complicated. However, it's the only thing I ever purchase and I'm saddened each and every time I opt to go there out of convenience. Can't beat the price though.
Went in to Kona this past Saturday night April 27  8:00ish it was unbelievably empty in there (very unusual). We wondered if we missed a memo sent out about Kona. However it was very good as usual
Extremely poor service and attitude!  I had a reservation for a Saturday night using the Groupon offer that expires in a few days and is only good for Saturdays.\nThey refused to accept it even though they accepted the reservation knowing I had a Groupon.  Their attitude was terrible!  I would never attempt to go there again.
This place is bad. I'm all for dive bars, but this place is just brutal. I felt dirty just coming here.\n\nBest Nights:\n(choose up to 3)     Never
They lost my clothes and charged me for stuff I never sent.\n\nClearly they do not know what they are doing and need to get their act together!!
Meh. I've experienced better.\n\nStandard Target selection to be found at this one.  Only thing that takes it down a notch below others is the cleanliness of the store.  Not filthy -- just not up to par.
Great shrimp and strong drinks. Priced reasonably and tucked away quietly in Tega Cay.
This place is okay, I've had better thai in other restaurants. I order the chicken pad thai for lunch today. In my opinion the vegetables were over cooked and quite mushy plus the sauce itself was way too sweet. \n\nUnfortantely I don't think I will be back.
Great service and food. Perfect pastrami and turk n' berry sandwich was delish! Can't go wrong with the red, white, blueberry loaf!
This place is absolutely amazing. From the authentic Italian food to the home made lemoncello, it's my favorite place in Phoenix. Just do it. No joke, just do it
I got crazy bread from this stupid place and they didnt give me any sauce! What a waste of my time, gas, and money. Im hungry and cant even eat these dry ass bread sticks without sauce. Dumb.
Get the special with swiss along with a chocolate egg cream. Very tasty! \n\nSuper friendly staff, as well.
Go here probably every month! \nLove the staff!! They are totally sweet. \nAwesome prices and food.
I am a big fan of Quik Trip (QT) because of their brewed teas!  I am still looking for the QT that sells retirement winning lottery tickets and this one isn't.  They have far more items you can find in any other convenience store.  Plenty of gas pumps clean store and great customer service.
Staff is very friendly and professional, the wait is excruciatingly long and the place is like a ghost town. Not sure I would come back.....
Niec place to get a pint or watch a game... there food is suprisingly good... they have some sort of brisket sliders that are freaking awesome... if you are in uptown and need a place to watch sports with good food this is it...
Been taking my Escalade and Mercedes S430 there. Perfect service and price. Prior to this I had a Lexus es300 with 240,000 miles they took care of that also till I got  the Mercedes.
got two chocolate croissants and 1 mini cake..  \n\nIf i'm paying 2-3 dollar for a croissants at least enough chocolate for taste.
Hummus portions. We ordered a fried rice and Singapore rice noodles and some dimsum. Everything tasted good.  But the portions were huge! I think next time, we need to just order half of what we would in any restaurant.\n\nService is non-existent.
Food was an experience I wish I could forget.  Nothing stood out and I don't see a reason to return. There are many other places in Charlotte that I would rather frequent.
My husband and I would say that this place is one of our favorites but after tonight we will never go back !! We have never felt so disrespected anywhere and had a horrible experience. I'm truly saddened from this :(
What a terrible place!! Do not go here. The staff is extremely rude and the place is dirty. We have never been treated this badly anywhere.
Restaurant was clean, friendly service, reasonable prices and food was great. Only disappointment was the fries.
It's worth a look. Usually not as great as you would expect but there are the little surprises.
Great little diner. I got the Hiboy Burger with sweet potato fries and it was amazing. They use a good quality beef that doesn't shrink down a lot after they cook it. Sweet potato fries were nice and crispy.
I love going to smashburger best chicken love
I would say this place is equivalent to Paradise or Wildflower. The usual trendy chain food that is a little overpriced. It was pretty good though, I would go back if I was in the area and had few other options.
Love the sandwiches!  The bread is really what makes these things.  Grab an old school coca cola next door at the coffee shop (the kind made with real sugar cane).  Soppressata sandwich and coca-cola=killer lunch combo.
This was a very old fashion type restaurant. I didn't go to the bar but it was hopping for a weekday evening.\n\nThe food was good, though I didn't try the fish. I ordered meat loaf. It was nice.
I was reading the yelp reviews and maybe just hyped up myself that this was going to be mouthgasmic. The food was good and from what I can tell so far is that it's better than IHOP or Denny's.
Worst experience I have ever had and worst decision I ever made was living here.  God help anyone that pays that much money to literally be tortured.
The service at Flancers is great! I put in an order to go and they were very friendly and prompt. I had the prickly pair chicken in a whole wheat wrap. It was very tasty! I did feel the prices were a bit steep,  but their food was good.
Ordered oysters for appetizer and it is nothing special. I also had the Kobe burger for the main course and it was quite good. Services are alright but not great, I found that it's quite difficult to get the attention of the waiter. Good thing is it's not that pricey compared to other restaurants in MGM.
RUDE!  That is the most positive thing I can think of to say without swearing! RUDE! Shouldn't deal with people there!
The staff was highly rude to me when a patron had passed out and I was trying to help would not recommend. No wonder they are handing out free wrist bands to the public on the strip. Rude, shitty Staff,and shitty drinks
This place is the pits. Over an hour to get an oil change. What's worse there was one guy in the shop and he hurt his leg while doing a brake job. The only response from the manager was, \"Do I have to tell you to clean up your mess again?\" I'm not coming here again.
Sad to hear this beats the other Italian joints in the city. However, the place is good and worth a visit. Strange layout - we sat upstairs and I had a wonderful view of a balcony wall that could have been much shorter or a railing.
1pm on a Tuesday and you're out of fries and sweet potatoes for the day?  That's a good chunk of the selection when your menu consist of MAYBE 10 items.  12 ounce draft pours for $7 of sub-average beers? Not crazy about this place.
Paradise Cantina is centrally located! It is not far from the strip... so it's great for both locals and tourists.  I would recommend this place to everyone looking for a fun bar with great drink specials!
I have used this company few more times since first review and they ALWAYS do a great job for a very very reasonable price. Friendly and professional. Very impressed with their consistent good service.
This a vape shop hah! If your just starting with kits fine. No quality or high end juices here all homemade. No authentic Mods RDA's RBA's and most of all no brand juices!!! Wont come here agian east valley vapors in mesa is wayyyy better
Always great food. The only one minor thing I have to say is that the new employees really give you less food than you should actually be getting.
Brought in a laptop with an over heating problem. They fixed it perfectly and at a cheap price. The only downside is they mistakenly (or not...) disconnected one of the two cables running to my realtek wireless LAN. so I had to open up the computer and reconnect it.
In my opinion, it is not a nice place to get a hair cut.
The restaurant in Concord, NC is great.  Our waiter Jared was super great, one of the best waiters we have had at a chain restaurant.  Food was good and plentiful, so splitting an entree (which we did on 2) fed a family of 5 and kept cost down.
One of my favorite restaurants in Arizona. I brought my family here from out of town and they wanted to come back the next day. The salads and wraps are awesome. My mom loved the sweet potato tacos.
The potato pancakes were great, the sausage was good, the beers were ok. I thought it was a bit pricey for the food offered. The interior was very good though.
Consistent, professional & reasonable. They do offer pick up & drop off service. The prices are more on par with other urban areas. I've avoided Klinke like the plague! #smallbusinessesrock Thanks Block!
Awesome instructors and classes. I highly recommend them to anyone who is looking for dance classes for their students. They offer high quality classes and never discriminate between competition and recreational students (this is not true of all dance schools). Every student receives the same high quality education.
Favorite new club in town. Cool led walls, open format music and has the best view of the Las Vegas strip. Club is also always full of good looking people and throws a good party. Definitely a place to check out when visiting Vegas.
ok if u like green chile its its not that bad its actually good. the service is so so and omg the prices are ridiculous there is nothing under 10 dollars if u want lunch on the weekend.
Excellent!!! 90 mins of laughter\nHighly recommend this show...only something you would see in Vegas!
Love frys and their prices. But hands down the worst customer service I have ever received!!! I will not be back to this location
Have been here twice. The food and service gets better each time I eat here. Glad this \"neighborhood gem\" is close to where I live as I expect this will be a regular stop.
The management is overwhelmingly rude and the price they charge for fax is outrageous. Making a profit is one thing taking advantage of someone is another.
Food is great been here three times and tried something different everytime haven't been disappointed. Service is great and food is fresh.
Just had dinner and although it was pretty good the price was a little high. We did have apps, sushi, drinks and a free dessert and the price was $65 per person. I would go again but sit at the bar for happy hour, which is still pricey.
Tragedy!  It's closed.  I was craving Korean food the other day and went over there and there's a for rent sign on the window.
What is so hard about getting an order right? Terrible customer service and this is the 2nd time I've had to go back because they can't get an order right. It's DOUGHNUTS!
This place is always decent. Sometimes I come here for happy hour because you can actually get a cheap meal..the great thing too is that they have other things besides sushi you can order.the variety is endless
This place is perfect.
Used to be such a great little restaurant but it has gone down. Food is tasteless, portions are small, service is ordinary. Don't know what they did but it ain't what it used to be.
Creative menu. Nice seating available outside. Hard to believe it is owned by eatnpark!
Well there are only 3 options for this type of pizza delivery. I like the fact that they include dipping sauce with their pizza pies.  The only complaint I have is they are very slow with delivery.  What ever happened to the days of 30 minute delivery or your pizza is free.
This was the best stop that Nite Tours provided!  Dug the music and the crowd.  There are separate rooms with different music.  The \"white room\" had a great vibe to it with folks getting down to the beats.
You wouldn't believe how good a Subway sandwich tastes after 4 or 5 days of constantly eating in sit-down restaurants in Vegas.\n\nThey work fast and use fresh ingredients.\n\nNot much to complain about.
It was great! We ordered the gelato and took home some dried salami from Italy and cheese. The bread was frozen and we just took some home and made the best sandwiches!! Great service and loved the selection of meats that they have flown in from Italy! Going back soon
below average. it's acceptable for the price in LV though.
Great selection!
I just walked out of this store. Three people all behind the and not one acknowledgement, even though one person looked me directly in the eyes. I'm sorry but I'll gladly pay a little extra for some help. This store needs some serious secret shopper action I can't believe that behavior is acceptable.
great place...when they were open.  Storefront is now abandonded.  Oh well.
Awesome dinner experience. We were served by executive chef, Steve Benjamin. The special appetizer caviar on sea urchin wrapped by yellowtail was mouth gasm
I love the curly hair bartender she is so nice and fun!!
$11.50 beer!!! Draft beer to boot. This place is a rip off first class.
BEST GIMMICK EVER!\n\nThe bar is tiny. The drink is ok. \n\n$25 allows you to experience what it is like inside a freezer.
I used to visit here frequently, back when I lived in montreal. Back for a visit, and enjoying a fruit packed plate \"nuit de liban\". I am a big fan of their fruit & achta dishes. I would not recommend eggs/bacon/etc here.
I did file a complaint on the doctors and staff that did not carry themselves in a professional manner. I spoke with a hospital director and she was not happy but very apologetic. I still will not return to this hospital though.
Nasty , dont waist your money.  Tried the carmel chocolate chip blonde .. the frosting was was too sweet and the cupcake was so dry.  Save your 4 bucks and walk down to Ritas!
Good gelato, good coffee, great for reading and relaxing! ! Although we didn't eat a meal, the food smelled great!
Gross. Overpriced and underwhelming. Noodles were worse than top Ramon. There way too many restaurants in las Vegas for you to choose this place.
i can't imagine it getting better than this! Great Service and convienence.  It's always clean and neat here.
This place is terrible. TVs everywhere but they have the same game on repeat sets. Cafe was almost empty and we still has a 15 min wait. Finally sat down and ordered out food, more that 60% of the cafe was empty, and it took us 40 minutes to get our food. Aaaand they got our order wrong.
The casino is old school,and so is thier restarunt,But if your looking to have breakfast you sure cant complain about the food ,or thier prices.
Pretty good barbecue. Dark,1950's, Bonanza interior. Friendly servers. Expensive.
I agree with Cesar G and Judy F. I had high hopes for this place when I saw the sign as I love vintage style. However, there was very few things that were truly vintage looking replicas, and yes they were overpriced for what they were. I left unexcited, uninspired, and empty handed.
I had a great time checking this place out. Of course grabbed a few classic coca colas in glass bottles because they tasted so great! Hope to try the around the world sampler next time!
Nope, not buying it... Non japanese sushi joint with large screen tv playing hip hop music video... Why???? Nice interior though. I usually don't like to give negative reviews... but this wasn't my place (sorry).
The three things I liked about Los Sombreros were their Carnitas (slow cooked tenderness that melts in your mouth), a drink called the Tijuana Donkey (tequila and ginger beer), and the quaint atmosphere which made me feel relaxed (unlike some other Scottsdale restaurants).
Love this place! Fifties Diner food, and atmosphere!
This place is as good as everyone else on Yelp claims it to be.   I can't give it five stars because they give you free fries if you dine in but charge you for fries if you take out.   Nevertheless, awesome subs and I will continue going back!
My favorite bar. Great staff, good food...AWESOME wings!!! I always tell people to go here. I hadn't been in a couple of mths and when I went in again, they had remodeled and made it more open. Love it!
The airport is fine but the bathroom attendants have GOT TO GO! especially when they keep talking while you're trying to use the facilities...not okay.
Nothing about the food is woth mention.  Good place for atmosphere not much else.  Grab your beer and paper hat and GTFO.
Stayed at the Westgate last month. Had a laptop and Ipad stolen from my room. The hotel provided no explanation and made no attempts to assist. This hotel is not safe. Avoid at all costs.
Where's the meat? Just got a $12 sandwich that maybe had 25 cents worth of meat on it. Total ripoff, will never eat here again.
I was a little bothered because the website said they had the shelf in Stock but when the store they said it was online item only . Upside of things I found stuff for my bathroom!
The orange blossom beer is great and the staff is friendly enough. However, waiting 2 hours for your food is unacceptable and I would only recommend this place to people who want to hang out for a while and drink beer.
Very interesting place especially in the afternoon great crowd good customer service highly recommend you may have to spend a little extra but I think it's worth it give it a shot I don't think you will regret it
This is like the go to Taco shop. Definitely fast food, food is just ok. It's close and convenient,  but not my top pick for Mexican food.  Carnitas plate is the best thing I've eaten here.
I went in to look at the Mazda CX-5 and was not impressed with the service. The sales guy was acting put out that I was even there, needless to say I took my business elsewhere.
I go with my wife to find fabric for some furniture we rehab for our home.  They have a great selection(everything is reclaimed)!  The owners are great help too:-)
I really like their merchandise, it's very 70's-90's heavy, and extremely well picked.
Drinks were great. But...Damn their Seafood needs some change. I couldn't even finish the meal. First bad experience though. It may have just been a bad night.
Very friendly staff! My drink always tastes great and exactly as I ordered it!
Loud and casual so it was perfect for us after getting into town.  Football and basketball games were in the tv's so there was a lot to watch.  It was Saturday night and move in time at ASU do lots of new Sum Devils in the place.  The burgers were good and the beer was cold.
This was a great show! A lot of great songs we all know and love with an amazing story.\nI bought the CD of the Broadway Cast recording when I left, and I preferred the Vegas casts' performance.
awesome food.....found this place while vising from the far west valley will definetly be back worth the drive homemade chips and the bean dip was great thanks again.
Who the hell says BAM?  Are you a mental midget?  Can you go on the big girl rides at school?  :)
If you could order one thing on the menu that would represent L'Atelier, it would be LE BURGER.
Great Beer, but food is terrible.  We ordered the prime rib nachos which were a joke.  They cost $12.  The portion and quality were awful.  The texture of the cheese was equivalent to government cheese.  It had a plastic taste.
Nourriture tr\u00e8s ordinaire, mais surtout, un service de livraison arrogant et inefficace, et les livreurs ne sont pas le probl\u00e8me.
The pawn shop just has a bunch of crap and the staff is rude and stupid. It is not nearly ad interesting as it is on tv
Not a huge fan.  While the staff was very friendly and the restaurant was clean,  my wife and I didn't like the areas very much.  Dry sums it up.  The best part of the meal was the empanadas ($1 but quite small) and the platanos. Check it out, maybe your experience will be better
Fresh hot coffee, generous portions, delicious foods, lots of selection & fantastic service.
All I wanted was a Coast brand flashlight and trinkets.  There's about 5 or 6 sword, knife and hand weapons vendors.  A ton of crappy clothiers and wig shops.  The A/C was barely tolerable.  I'm never setting foot inside again.
Pleasantly surprised with discovering matter of taste. I bought their iced coffee and it was quite good. Their washrooms are clean and spacious, they have free wifi, and they offer a similar menu and atmosphere as Starbucks, just not quite as pricey.
The line at the Wicked Spoon was too long so we headed over to the mall.  This was the first place that we saw.  As 3 starving hungover girls it satisfied us just fine.  I ordered the chicken fajitas which were surprisingly tasty.  The service was definitely slow and the sodas cost $4 a pop.
I think this place is hyped up a little more than it should be. I've tired their bruschetta, pizzas and salads. They were decent and I have no complaints but nothing to rave about. A decent place to pop in to for lunch since they have counter service that you order at.
Love Saffron, Raj and the team, the food is amazing, the freshness and quality is very good.  Highly recommend!
The wash was good but service moved way too slowly (I waited an hour for my car)
When people say, \"The Cheesecake Factory\", what I hear is \"The Diarrhea Refinery\".
Great !
Horribly run business. They took money out of my account without my permission, i spent hours on the phone and they told me they would credit my account but i wouldnt recieve all my money back. No one would help me or return my phone calls.
Staff is super friendly and makes you feel totally comfortable, they give you the level of tan you request and I've been happy with all my tans. Highly recommend.
My family and I have been coming here for several years. The staff is very friendly. I absolutely love my hygienist, Stephanie. I'm one of those people that dreads going to the dentist but when I see her she always takes care of me.
Fun place to grab a beer and some food with friends. Old school atmosphere but if you want a local joint type place this is definitely the place.
\"Refined decadence inside a hidden gem, with a breath taking view of the city! ( Mandarin Oriental ) Definitely a place to take someone special!\" -If you come, I'll take you here.\"
Ok if you are looking for a quick fix of sushi / sashimi, but nothing to go out of your way for. Pleasant staff but a little ho-hum , some strange patrons !\n\nIf you want a good sushi bar go to Yasu on E.Cactus .
An aging starlet fades as her frequently changing management neglects the sparkle that once made her great....
Great little shop. Its good to know that some people still believe in quality over quantity. Rob takes his time making sure that whatever work he does to your car comes out looking great. I had HID bulbs and an underbody neon kit installed oin my car and it looks amazing. This shop is worth the drive
Really liked ruby Burma - would definitely go back.
Great Fancy Bar. The service was amazing!! They offer some great unique food items - bone marrow for example. Their drink menu is on an ipad and is awesome. Pricey, but so is everything else in Las Vegas
Not much in the way of culinary excellence in Sun City West. This particular Applebee's not only had microwaved crappy food but made me sick. Stay away.
The taxi driver cheated us and took a long way to get to the restaurant with 50 bucks which only cost 23 bucks for normal path. I called the dispatcher and she told me there is nothing she could do about it. Such a bad experience...
We were headed to Breakfast Joynt for lunch on Christmas Eve but they had just closed. So we decided to check out this restaurant. It did not disappoint. The service was great and the food was awesome! We all enjoyed all of our dishes. We will be back to try the other items!
Delicious dinner again tonight at Heritage Tavern.  Deviled eggs are to die for!!  Thanks Chef Dan Fox for another  perfect meal!
Good happy hour but I'd rather pay more for fresh sushi. Mediocre at most. \n\nEdamame was soggy, rolls poorly made, ingredients were not fresh, and service was nothing special.
Staff was helpful.  I was overwhelmed.  But the fabric rocked and that's what counts!
Excellent food. Very clean restaurant. Very friendly staff. What more could you ask for! The mint chutney is genuine, no some green liquid. I had the butter chicken extra hot. The spice level was perfect! Definitely recommended.
Not impressed...I'll stick to my fave - Smashburger.
I eat here a lot. It's a good value for the price. Then sandwhiches are better then subway and way cheaper! Love them.
So delicious. I had the chile poached eggs with procuitto and manchago and toast with a side of yogurt. The yogurt tasted so fresh and flavorful even though it was plain. My husband had blueberry pancakes. They were good but nothing mind blowing. Coffee was good as well.
A neat exhibit in that you can see a lion sleeping while the trainers are chatting with each other.   Other than that, not much goes on here though there is a nice and pricey gift shop with all sorts of lion related stuffed animals and other things.
Terrible sushi and the drinks have no alcohol in them.  It's cheap, and somehow you still manage to get less than what you paid for.
Crowded they didn't honor my gold level for my Starbucks card
It was on the pricey side (welcome to Vegas), but we definitely got our money's worth from this meal. I had the salmon avocado roll, spicy tuna roll, and yellow tail jalapeno roll. Some of the best sushi I've ever had. Very, very fresh. Very good.
Lovely room, good service, nice bar with tasty tapas. And the view was excellent, too. We loved that they allowed a late checkout on Sunday, which let us sleep longer in the comfy bed.
Ended up here after craving a pita. Very friendly staff and delicious food.  I had the beef shawarma and my husband had the chicken kafta. Both had us licking our fingers. Very good.
Was ok- not great. Nothing unique or special.
My husband and I have dined here several times and we always enjoy it. They make us feel very comfortable and never out of place. The food is also very delicious. We highly recommend it! It is laid back, and not a really fancy place for those looking for a  fancy dinner.
French Onion Soup, Redwood Cut of Prime Rib, Chilean Sea Bass and Apple Dumpling were the bomb. Our servers Darren and Aurelio were awesome. They made our early anniversary dinner special even though they did not know it was a special occasion. We will be back on our next visit.
Good food but smaller portions so after our entrees we ordered appetizers because we were still hungry:( The staff is very nice and attentive.
5 stars for this Five Guys. Everybody is always so friendly and their burgers always hit the spot. They are kind of pricey though...just about $20 for two drinks, one fry, and two \"little cheeseburgers\"
Meh.... Got our free drinks and thongs and bounced. Hey don't give out fun balloons with lights at the door and have the bouncer take them away 2 mins later because they aren't allowed. Those balloons would have been great for a real club...
The linq was great all the stores are top notch it is a great addition to the already bustling Las Vegas strip! Bring lots of money because you will want to spend it !
Its an okay club. If you are looking for some place to just dance out and chit chat with friends then this place is good. They have a small balcony overlooking the crescent street. Upstairs is VIP lounge which is nice to be a bit seperated from the dance floor below. And friendly staff. Good place
Very poor service from the start. Seating was only available in the front of entrance yet their were tables through out.   Guess she was having a bad day.   We ate at the California Pizza Kitchen which had great service
I found broken and chipped items on shelves priced high. clothing is at least 2 $ more then Cali . \n\ni go from thrift store to thrift store wherever i happen to be. So I thought Vegas why not?
Great service and products!
I used to rave about this place. Crab cakes are great and the California roll superb. Bar boys ruined that...lazy F\"5k$. Wasn't even busy and it took 25 minutes to get 2 beers. I guess they were too busy talking about hair products.
The food is okay but the selection of food has dwindled.  However, the location is perfect and when you want to stuff your face this is the place for a great price.
Country-club food. Not fantastic, far too pricey for what you get, and definitely not adventurous -- but just tasty enough to leave my table satisfied. Go if you're feeling flush and want an average burger in an upscale setting.
Very reasonable price and good customer service, but food is just OK.
It was my first time to the Children's Museum, the kids had a blast and were wiped out afterwords... I would recommend Museum to other folks w/kids!
Way to close to the strip to be missed fresh seafood tanks friendly staff the salt and pepper calamari. you know you are at the right place when you are the only table that is all Chinese
No seating at the pool. Lots of young kids shouting and cursing in the hallways all night and morning long.   Check service was very slow and with service at Fuel. Pink taco was better than expected.
Bellagio!! We've stayed at a few nice ones in Vegas and Bellagio has been the best overall. its in the middle of everything & its so pretty
The food was fantastic.   The service was excellent.  The wine list was interesting and varied.  Highly recommend this resteraunt
A legend!  Good sense of humor with good story telling. Enjoyed the audience participation.  Good variety of \"tricks\" but would of liked one or two \"bigger tricks\".
The Santan Brewery Octoberfest is a bust. $15 bucks a head plus $5 dollars a beer to look at commercial tents. They need a lot more \"bling\"  or vendors to make it worthwhile.  We spent two hours and looked at everything twice.
Always super friendly staff.... I always use the drive thru and they are speedy and get everything correct. The grilled corn is yumm-o  the BRC Burrito is a good choice as well.... Guacamole is very good.
The caprese appetizer was wonderful, but the entree was barely edible.  Over-salted and there was more fat than beef.  Won't be going back.
LOVE Chino Bandido.  The snickerdoodle cookie they give you with your meal is heaven.  Well, all of the food might actually be heaven, but usually by the time I get to the snickerdoodle I could die happy on the spot.
Pretty big hotel and friendly staff.... You can tell this place is very old by the look of the door and tiles in the bathroom... Standard rooms are nice... Nothing special..... Good place for the price
Came here for the observation deck, which was awesome!  They also have a few rides up top for those looking for an adventure.  Pretty cool.
such amazing food. & the view was just to amazing if you have not been here you must so romantic if your going on a date !!
This place is FAR better than their Tempe Marketplace location. If you are looking to visit a kabuki location, make sure you go to westgate and NOT Tempe!
Vampiros Pastor taco is so insanely good.  Trust me.  Probably one of the best  Cheap Eat bites I've had in Vegas - ever...
Comfortable, clean with available management. Problem , for me, is there is not any  limit poker. If you wish to play only no limit you can't beat this room.
First of all I love their location. They are located in the middle of all my favorite stores. But the food here is great. They do happy hour 7 days a week. Service is excellent. The corn is a must try. The place is also very new and hip.
Good coffee .....but the problem is this place is kinda far from my house...
Really cute space inside of the San Carlos Hotel.\n\nThey have a self serve coffee and soda island which is nice. I had the sausage breakfast sandwich (English Muffin) which was okay just lacked a lot of flavor. The hash browns were slightly under cooked but showed some real promise.
This was my go to spot before playing black jack or going to dinner. Not cheap. But it's vegas baby!
Cheap and cheerful. This place has good food and is good value for money.\n\nFull review with photos please visit my blog which can be found on my profile.
Tasted good but 3 of us felt ill afterwards. And we all ate different items. Won't be back.
This place were pretty good. We reserved a table and it was definitely a lot of fun. The servers were good about coming back pouring drinks for people. Girls were able to dance on a upper platform area. Music was pretty kickin, there was a guest DJ there that night. Overall much better than the previous night's club choice.
No sense of urgency. The staff will leave you standing at the door waiting to be seated with with half the restaurant empty. SMH.  Food is good, but service lacks. Kinda disappointing especially with a restaurant sporting so many \"awards\".
Our waitress was very sweet and accommodating. The service was really good! If it's your first time here you get this bomb ass banana muffin. SO GOOD. Must try!\n\nFor a breakfast place, I thought the food was ok.
IM FURIOUS \n\nno wifi on weekends?!?!?\nI get it, no squatters or whatever, but WHAT THE HECK\n\nstill love the coffee and food.
Absolutely Fabulous! Everything was great, no complaints here. Great service and great food. The choices on the special Mother's Day menu were plentiful and the portions large. Everything was prepared perfectly and delicious starting with the bread basket which we devoured 2. It was definitely worth the price. We will certainly return!
For a quick lunch, my friends and I would go here. Quick, friendly.
Went in looking for a specific item and asked the employee on duty for her opinion - all she could say was that the more expensive ones were \"better\". I then walked to Target next door and found the same item for much less $$. Fail.
The salads looked like it was directly out of a bag. The service was lacking in an almost empty restaurant. My girlfriends Shrimp Scampi was good but the Maryland Crab cakes weren't. \nYou know it's bad when you walk out see Panda Express and know you would have had a better experience there.
I discovered this gem from fellow reviewers and you didn't disappoint. Great wine list, superb service, and an excellent stocked kitchen that catered to my gluten free needs. And if you're there a day when the stew is the special... Order it! Perfect end to a cold day!
Unbelievable gem in Apache Junction!! Great beer selection and awesome service. We even ordered food after we had just eaten dinner because they serve only local farm fresh beef and produce! Great place to spend my money!
At first I was skeptical based on the other review, but I will say I stuck through it and was very happy with the results. I got a Brazilian done and it wasn't any more or less painful than anywhere else I've been. Andrea was very kind and professional. I will be going back :)
Great Happy Hour specials. I love the frozen margaritas. They were perfect and their sushi was delish!
Flat pepsi. Cold food. They mic it so now my tongue is burned. I like fresh food when I eat out. Sure its good but why not just have a microwave diner. Its cheaper
Been here twice. Hate to say it but nothing special. The usual breakfast items but nothing stands out either in preparation or presentation.
Quite frankly this establishment if you like absolutely tasteless overpriced vegan hippie food with all the attitude of hipster lassez faire service.  This is the place to go...
It's an airport. You get to Vegas and then you immediately go straight to partying. Even the airport is calling for a party with the slot machines located at the baggage claims. \n\nThis airport moves pretty quick too. They get the job done and fly you to your destination! wohoo!
Egg works was just as I suspected and up to my expectations of providing great country hearty style breakfast. To top it off Ashley was my waitress and she is awesome and was a delight to conservate with and beautiful to look at. See you next time Ashley, thanks!
This place is awesome. Just bought a loose super powers darkseid. Will def be back for more. Lots of loose figures. Great prices and friendly staff.
Great little market with lots of food items that are natsukashii.
Took them 15 min to bring out 4 chili dogs and fries. Snail slow service. I honesty think the people working when I went in where high out of there minds. Should of went drive through.\n\nI did give it another star because it was extremely clean inside and very cool
Pho Kim Long is my favorite pho place in Chinatown. Great place for both dine-in and pick up. I like that it is open 24 hours and always filled with a good looking crowd. The #14 rare steak pho is always my go to choice.
Standard issue Chipotle. The store is clean and the service was good.  The only reason I didn't go the full 5 stars is because the portions seemed a bit smaller than other Chipotle's I've ate at.
I had a strawberry cream puff and it was stale. It tasted like it had been sitting in the case for about 12 hours, which I'm guessing it had. I was very disappointed.
The food was okay and delightful. We waited for about 10 minutes. For a cheap meal this is the place to go. Noticed a lot more senior citizens around here.
Their staff isnt the nicest.\n\nGood taps, good shepherds pie, bad fish and chips.\n\nA great place to go on St Paddys though.
The atmosphere is great, the food is too great and the servers are so nice. Super recommended.
Just OK. Kind of disappointing. John A. maybe has never had real NY Italian. If you've got an extra 10 min go out to Luigi's at Steele Creek. Now that is authentic NY.
I've heard so much that I had high expectations. I was under whelmed. It was alright but nothing I will go out of my way for.
Tropical Smoothie has a 2 for 1 special from 5pm-7pm. I waited hours for this and drove to the Tropical smoothie cafe on Craig just to find out that not all the Caf\u00e9s' here have the same special. This is the first time this has happened and I'm super disappointed
Nastiest walmart I've been to. Geeze. Tons of people, dirty dirty dirty, unorganized, and there are only like 5 registers open. Man I went on Christmas Eve and there were 4 registers open and insane lines. Won't come here again.
This place does not disappoints....still the good service, excellent food and quiet ambience...I love it
It is a good breakfast place. They give plenty of food and the environment is nice. What topped off the dining experience is thar the owner greets everyone and makes sure the food was good. Excellent customer service! I would come back again if I'm ever on this side of town.
Always friendly, always consistently good pizza. Compared to all the Red Bricks I have visited this is the most customer friendly.
Ice cream on a waffle! What more could you ask for! Awesome place for people with a major sweet tooth!
Went there for brunch on New Year's Day.  Not bad for a buffet with crab legs and shrimp.  Freshly cooked omelletes is available upon request. Friendly service.
I took my husband's shirts to be pressed and cleaned and they came back with more wrinkles than they originally had. They are also more expensive than most places in the area. Their only advantage is the drive thru.
Winner Winner Chicken Dinner. I have stayed at all the 4 and 5-star hotels on the L.V. strip and Encore beats every hotel on the strip without question; let me repeat that Encore beats every hotel on the strip without question.  Better than Bellagio, City Center, etc etc etc....
Nettes cafe mit Sonnentank Station und moderaten Preisen\n\nZwei Longdrinks und ne Cola\n\nKnapp 8pfund\n\nHelloooo :)
Had a large Pho Tai with raw beef. Absolutely delicious best pho I've had in the PHX area
$1 beer was nice, but wing was  hard as rock, I asked if this was harder than usual but they said that was the one I should enjoy...  not for me.
Tonite at the drive thru they gave me a baked potato that looked terrible and smelled worse ! totally unedible. Last week they gave me the right salad but no dressing! I'll find another one to go to from now on. Hope management is smart enough to read these.
A charming place with live @Irish\" music every night.  The food was bland and service dreadfully slow, but the drinks and atmosphere were great.  Everyone had a great time.
Shannon is fantastic! I had a photoshoot that I needed to be tan for and she gave me a beautiful, custom tan. The scent wasn't as overpowering as other solutions and it lasted just a little less than a week. I would highly recommend her to anyone! Thank you Shannon!
I love this place. Simple as that.\n\nGreat wine, great people, great atmosphere, great art, great food, great music, great memories.\n\nWhat more can I say.
Wonderful place with a great staff coffee is amazing, love the location just hope more people visit. would like for them to add bagels in a little bit more homemade food.
I've done karaoke for 15 years and the guy tonite is easily the worst I've ever witnessed. Sound system sucks and frankly the DJ blows...
Excellent food, cool venue.  Had the Greek pasty, crust was baked perfect, fillings fresh and flavorful.  Side of cheese broccoli and cauliflower - again baked perfectly, perfect blend of cheese, breadcrumbs and sauce.  The Chocolate bread and butter pudding with anglaise was a phenomenal dessert to end with.
Services is pissed poor. My friend already got his order, but I never got mine. Couldn't get anyone to take my order, every server kept passed by the table, just no one would stop to take my order. Will never go back to such pissed poor services restaurant.
Not on my list for a quick return. Had been several years since my last one, so most likely will not be revisited unless the crew decides it's a must do. Sitting outside is nice but the speakers are annoying. Cut them off or fix them.
By far the most Authentic, delicious and friendly pizzeria I've been to. I cant wait to visit again!
I was skeptical when my wife suggested this place, because I really didn't like the last greek place we visited.  This place is very good, especially the traditional beef & lamb gyro.  The people are really nice and helpful, the service is good.
Disaster. Victim of their own success. Great food, but should be avoided at all costs. Lousy, lousy service. How can scrambled eggs take an hour to cook?
One of my favorite restaurants.  Love the Kobe beef burger with everything on it; grilled onions, cheese, lettuce and tomato.  You have to get the smoars for desert and roast your own marshmallow.  This place is Hip and a fun place to people watch.
Good taste but bad service .. Asked me to pay before I even finished eating half way ..
Really not great thinking we are talking about buffet in Vegas. The selection is very limited. Price is not bad.
Located inside Palms Casino. Didn't have a good experience. They advertisied a special but did not honor it when we got there.
good service...pricey..a la carte.....would be busier if more family oriented....40th & Tbird is not white tablecloth area....
I have been to the one on Camelback and Greenway.  YUMMY!!  This is the best Gelato in PHX...  Almost as good as the Gelato in Italy!
Was not impressed in the least! Yes, the portions were huge but the condiments to go along with it were incredibly skimpy. Very overpriced for the quality of food. What I go back? No, not at all.
Loved this place! Great vibe, decor and most importantly wine selection. Outdoor patio, friendly staff and craft beer too. Really cool and cozy place. Spent the entire evening there with friends and enjoyed the food too.  Highly recommend!
Good food but takes a long time to ring up.
Not empressed  at all my friend waited for this  sandwich  shop to open. We got so excited. I ordered a sandwich  and it was very bland and they didn't even toast it. It looked so pale that it didn't look appetizing. I ate half and I really didn't get excited.
We ate lunch.  The food was very good but the portions were a little small. The wait staff was very attentive.  The atmosphere is very lovely especially on the patio.  This would be a good place for a special occasion.  The food is a little over priced for what you get.
Its not the best place I would say but for basic pasta and pizza I can deal. I like their salads & raviolli . Sometimes you crave that cheap tasty food.
This place is great if you like eating frozen microwaved entrees.\n\nI feel really bad for the staff at this place because I've heard that it's such a terrible place to work. Tip your server well if you go here because they are treated like shit!
very nice and fast service. Great vegetarian food. Would definitely recommend. Lemonade is to die for
The tacos were a rip off. I actually visited Marianas grocery store and they were better. Thanks for trying though guys.
Nothing Special!
The ambience here is somewhat lacking, but the menu features eclectic options and eco-conscious choices. The food was tasty, but sat a bit heavy for me. Large portions and decent prices make this a worthwhile place, but with room for improvement.
I've stayed here at least 5 times for business. The hotel is decent but make sure you ask for a room away from the railroad. Otherwise you'll be up all night with freight trains honking horns. Also the restaurant isn't good.
Food took a long time and small portions. Place just re-open but need to get things together!!!
Do not go here... Make the drive to either Chapperal & Pima or Pima & Frank Lloyd Wright.  Nothing here takes good! Baked potatoes are way too burnt and mushy, plus burgers not fresh; so they are too chewy! Not enough business so everything is old and not edible!
If you like bland, salty, greasy Chinese food...this place is for you. I'll just head across the street to Chow's Kitchen.
I purchased a voucher from fabness  and was having trouble. I clicked the chat button and was treated to a very rude customer service rep who did not help me and just disconnected me when I asked to speak to a manager. I will never order form them again.
Boars Head meat and cheese...Need I say more!?  Ordered the Italian Stallion, very good!!   Wife ordered the Greek sandwich and said it was delicious!!  Lavelles is not skimpy with the meat!!  Give them a try.  Nice, friendly staff.
Had a haircut by Christine. Like the haircut a lot. Great place and great price. Fast service. Will repeat
Great salsa.\n\nEverything else is pretty mediocre and flavorless. Nothing that makes this place stand out from a Rositas or Garcias.
My pho (broth soup) was 'good' but not worth $13.00, it was meatless and was not filling - i cannot justify that price for a broth soup. Left feeling a bit ripped off.
These guys are nice and always eager to help! This is my goto bike shop now. They ride and always seem to be having fun! Keep up the good work!
Food is good. Coffee is too weak and tastes like a lot of water added to it. They charge you if they add a shot to make it taste like regular coffee.
Ate there for the first time today. Long story short, we WALKED OUT after waiting forever for our food. Waitress seemed dopey and confused. Wouldn't return with all the other options at town square.
Rude and miserable staff, but a great atmosphere other than that. I love this place, but seriously thinking about not going anymore just because of frigid employees.  F$@king hipsters.
Very so so burgers. Best to head elsewhere for a burger. Lots of other options. Limited options. Service could easily be improved. Once at this place was enough. I won't be back
I was visiting Carnegie Mellon the day after and I stopped to have dinner here. The restaurant had fabulous good and I really really enjoyed the staff. Thanks for some great food!!!!
Donuts were good, was expecting a  little better based on the reviews, Service was friendly and prompt!
Excellent place to eat for lunch and dinner, The food is average, the staff is friendly
horrible!!!! do not use them if you own a property!  i'm firing them today for many many reasons!
The asada tacos are so good! The best I've had in Vegas. Just order them the way they come. Only $2 each, and the service was super quick even though they were really busy.
I went for the soft opening and was blown away! Food and ambiance was beyond amazing. Not just a pizza joint! WORLD CLASS CHEF!!! It's a must GO!
Great place to eat, drink, & relax!!!!!! Always great service, so many drinks to try, and tons of food to choose from on their menu!
I do not recommend this place. I gave them 2 chances, both times they were unprofessional and unorganized.
Tacos are stuffed to the max and they don't hold back on huge helpings of rice and beans. Jeannie loved her fish tacos.Service is great!  They have Maestro Dobel tequila...try it! Fyi...happy hour 3-7
Definitely the best dessert selection out of all the buffets ive been to. \n\nGood selection and quality of food\n\nService was kinda slow though! :(
I love this place for trying out just about any beer you want to try! Service is great and they can always recommend a beer if you don't know what to drink or what you want. The only bad side is they don't serve food but plenty of places nearby will deliver here.
We ordered a double espresso which looked more like a single shot. Cozy coffeeshop with an ample amount of seating.\n\nThere were different types of coffee available for purchase to drink there and beans to take home.\n\nCute neighborhood coffeeshop type feel.
Horrible customer service. Lines were so long and only 2 people working the registers.
The only reason I gave it two stars was because the food was edible. Wasn't tasty and it wasn't horrible. Good customer service but it does not make up for the food.
Great place, great food, great service! We'll be back!
The people at this law firm are nothing but understanding and helpful. They took care of everything for me; which left me little to stress about. I would and have recommended them to anyone in need of an attorney. I worked in a law office and have had another auto accident case dealt with at a different law firm and these guys are by far the best!
I went there for breakfast, and the food was a mix of cold and reheated stuff. Prices are reasonable, but there's much better around. Their \"feves au lard\" were good, but in small portion. For anything other than a late night case of the munchies, I'd go somewhere else.
*** closed ***
Service  was good but order a strawberry Daqari that tasted terrible  sent it back.  I'm sorry but for a place that specializes in wings I felt like I just went to Walmart and bought Tyson wings and heated them  up in the microwave . I won't be eating  here ever again.
We went here on a friday night and none of us were impressed. A friend and I both ordered beers and the glasses tasted very strongly of dish soap. The food was hit or miss for everyone. Some dishes were decent and others were pretty bad. Service was ok. Maybe we got them on an off night so we may try one more time.
Definitely a lot of talent working here.  However, I'm not a big fan of $4 cans of PBR, and $6 bottles of Guinness.
YUM! Been here twice now and I love the service and the food. It's a cramped space with steaming serving trays with a good variety of Indian foods just waiting to be tried. At the table they bring you a baked flat bread with cheese and for dessert an Indian style rice pudding and peach pudding.
First time there our server Reese was great she admitted she was new but she was very knowledgeable about the menu and specials been back twice since then but not the same service because we didn't have Reese gonna request her always
Good Benny. Not memorable at all. Food fills your gut though.
Unfortunately this is the closest Cold Stone to my house, because I often crave it but parking is usually terrible at Tempe Marketplace. The service and quality has always been great here and I'm glad it's starting to warm up so I have an excuse to go more often.
This is a party bar in Treasure Island. The bartenders put on a show mixing drinks and all the customers sitting at the bar get the free drinks. Food is just ok nothing special.
More bigots that don't understand the idea the protections one gains from incorporation come at the price of operating said business in a secular manner.
I just have one thing to say: They had the best rib eye I've tried in recent years!!!
Updated: Finally got a chance to stay here for 3 nights in a suite. Awesome room, nice decor, great price. Great service top to bottom in this place. Special recognition to Gabby the dealer and Eric the bartender. Those two need raises for going above and beyond to make our group feel welcomed. Overall a great establishment.
Customer service was just kind of bleh and the burritos were just kind of bleh. The kind of food where everything tastes the same. Bleh
Took over 20 minutes to get a two sandwiches and french fries... Fries taste stale... There were only two pieces of meat in my Gyro.... Do not recommend
Bad service bad dancers bad customer service. I understand everyone has a preference in girls but pregnant chicks should not be strippers
This local restaurant was absolutely amazing. I have the vegetable sandwich! The bread was nice and crispy and vegetables were full of flavor! I would definitely eat there again!!!!
Corned beef hash and BLT bloody mary...Ok.
Too far from airport. Lines are ridiculously long. Waited almost 30 minutes before we got to the counter.
What is there not to love?? Amazing, pure, healthy food at reasonable prices and no need to worry about a server. The counter service is pretty amazing in itself.
Ordered a white pizza which was good. Came quick via delivery. Will order again.
Jason, the owner and main mechanic is so awesome. He was very informing of everything he was inspecting for my car when I was having problems, he'd call me back if I ever had questions and he was always honest, which is definitely hard to come by at a car shop. Definitely recommended.
They offer daily specials,  I always seem to get there when they run out.  Its happened more often then not!  I've been to the Eastern and Stephanie location on the same day a couple of times looking for the daily special with no luck.
Food just OK.  Health inspection was a \"B\".  Doesn't look clean.  Makes you wonder!
Would be nice if you opened on time (or at all). Or at the very least change the hours of operation on Yelp (and the door) so people aren't driving across town only to find you're closed. Disappointing...
For delivery this place is great. The chicken Parma pizza is awesome.
Dinner here tonight at The Feast Buffet was a joke...Server was slow as hell I know its 5 of us keep the refills coming not 1 every 15 min....Our server jose did more fist bumpin' with the homies that work here than anything.   REALLY!!!!
I laughed out loud when I got a look at this place. It was so small and homely! But the reviews were good so my son and I gave it a try and we are glad we did. The food was plentiful, it tasted wonderful, and the prices were low. I can't wait to go back.
Orgasmatronic. \n\nCan hardly wait til next month when I'll be feasting on another one.\n\nJust....delicious.\n\nAny naysayers are just that.\n\nFood poisoning claimers are full o shite.
Phenomenal. The food, service, and atmosphere here is amazing. I brought my Mom, Aunt, and Grandma here for lunch and they absolutely loved it. Mark Anthony helped make the experience exceptional through his incredible customer service, attentive nature, and spot on recommendations. I really can't say enough about this place or the server.
Food was good.  I had the New York burger which was very good.  But the two stars is because of the awful service.  It took five minutes to be seated, and they ran out of biscuits.  Will not be back again.
Cute too bad my dog is tiny and the majority of the dogs are big.
It's fast food, but it's pretty good fast food when US Airways (who is about to get a not-so-good review) delays your flight.  Would have been nice if the server didn't scoop a fair amount of water from the pork onto my sandwich, but 3 stars didn't seem like enough.
I love Capo's for there food and atmosphere. The place is a little pricey for your everyday eating habits, but great for a special occasion. The set up is cool too. I do however like the one on Tropicana better.
Hard to find and very small but would go back many times. Great pizza and very friendly staff. Snug and cozy works well at this wonderful find.
I absolutely love this Bar!  One of the Best views of LV.  Seating indoors and out.  I'll definitely be back.
Great restaurant, other than the food and service.  Seriously, not sure where all these great reviews are coming from.  The beer was good.  Maybe that's why?
Service was good. Food was pretty standard. Bacon was awesome!
Upon arriving at the planet Hollywood hotel, we decided to have breakfast in the miracle mile mall. Our waitress seemed to be hungover and kept forgetting to bring us refills. Food quality was poor. One of my friends had the French toast and he said that it tasted like a store bought microwaved version.  I do not recommend this establishment at all.
Not the variety show caliber of Absenth, some fun parts, don't bother coming early just 15 min you'll be fine. the price through groupon was good, but redeeming was a little confusing.
3.0 / 5 - Fish Taco\n1.0 / 5 - Carnitas: Dry\n1.5 / 5 - Carne Asada: Decent\n0.5 / 5 - pollo asada: Tasteless
I just moved here from Boston - home of fresh seafood - and was so happy to discover this sushi bar in my neighborhood.  I slipped in, was seated immediately, got exactly what I wanted with no wait, and got back out of there in 20 minutes.
Its old, but ok for the price
Closed at 2am instead of its advertised 3am... We saw people inside and the waiters saw us, but ignored us. \n\nChange your closing time to 2am so people won't be trying to come at 2:15am to a closed establishment.
My family & i think this place is better than it was before.  They are improving with every visit
Not bad but definitely not great for the price and wait. The waitresses are nice but very inattentive. The dragon roll at happy hour had burnt eel and the sea bass took over 25 minutes to come out. Not worth my time nor my money.
Another overpriced fast food place with high prices with so so food !!! Stay away if you want to be full !!!
What a cool friendly little place!
Great food!!!!!! Ate here for dimsum, the chicken feet are soo good, so delicious. the sauce is very good and they also have other varieties of food as well. will definitely come back again for dimsum
I go here just to listen to the live piano music. Other than that, the food is way overpriced for what it is.
Just moved here from Virginia and the most stressful thing is finding a hair stylist you will love! Well I found her Jenny is awesome perfect color and cut! I highly recommend her and the other stylists in the salon. The whole family goes there now! Great experience!
This LA Fitness has a wider range of age groups than the one down the road at Scottsdale and McDowell. The 4:30 Monday Bootcamp class is awesome! Especially if you like to get your butt kicked.
Great food and ambience - one of the best restaurants on Willy Street! I went there with a large group and they went out of their way to accommodate us. I would also recommend the place for a romantic date.  :-)
I love New China. The service is always fast and fresh! The sweet tea is amazing. Yes, Chinese takeout is everywhere but no one can Beat NEW China in Belmont!
Nice place to go with kids,  they have a little area for the kids to play in. The food was alright.  I had there tomato soup and it was good. The kids menu was nice, but the main course had much to be desired.  It was nice to catch up with my playgroup gals for lunch.
Just spent two nights here and we thought it was very nice. Lobby is beautiful. We stayed on one of the floors hat they are renovating and it was done very sharply and with good taste. Ask for higher floors to minimize noise from outside.
Say what this place is not good at all. Please pass unless you liked over cooked and over priced Mexican Food. Never again will we eat this nasty food.
We always stop to get a mug and burger when in Boulder city. Frost mug provided with root beer. Building is  vintage 1950's or 60's and is unchanged. Stop in!
Unfortunately this place has horrible customer service. They messed up my order and refused to make it right. Their food is just like their customer service - horrible. See for yourself, why don't you :)
A nice place to stop in if you're out for a stroll in shadyside. Though I think this place is overpriced and a bit overrated, the staff is always nice and you can discover some pretty good finds. Obviously much better for women's clothes
Wow, what a disappointment. This place used to be good.  Not only were the portions a ton smaller than than they used to be but the food tasted terrible.  We took two bites and just walked out not bothering to complain.
It was an late evening dinner. The service had a slow start but once the food service began it was great. I went with the pre-fixed menu to get a taste of everything and it was well worth the $45 cost.
I ordered the calamari and it was cooked to perfection! The sliders were cooked EXACTLY as we asked. Chefs usually over cook them, but NOT here. The food was amazing!
I absolutely love the wet burrito - the best I've had in Charlotte
Good place go grab a bite to eat at Phoenix airport.  This is a small chain (mainly in So Cal).  Place can be crazy though since there are not many dining options at the SW gates...
The food is absolutely never a disappointment. Some of the workers, however, are kind of rude and act like you are bothering them or something. Definitely become one of the pasta club members so you can get a free meal!
The service is so good here I never go anywhere else. They are super cheap , friendly , and I never have to wait or make an appointment. Did I mention the rates are ridiculously cheap. I wish this place was in chicago !!!
Great selection, great prices, nice people.
This is an awesome stationary, gift, knick-knack store.  This is the place to go for fun cards and dirty party favors.  I also love their selection of candles and bath stuff, and their book collection.  The attached furniture store, P.S. Home has great stuff but it can be expensive.
I don't care what anyone one says.  McDonald's is Great.  There is nothing better than their cheese burgers and fries. Not to mention an Egg Mc Muffen for breakfast.
I like this store because of the fact they had a great variety of animals to choose from and make a pet decisions .The only bad thing is sometimes some people think the same thing for owning a pet and theirs not enough pets there when you
Cool bar on St-Denis. Very relax and good for small groups. There is a grand piano in the middle but I don't recall seeing a band there. Music is rock, classic rock... no dance music. Had good times there.
It's a decent quick wash place, tires were barely cleaned and most of the outside was fine. \n\nThe Inside was pretty lousy. You have to stand next to the service guy and tell him what to clean exactly. \n\nThey kind of just expect the tip.
Don't waste your money!!  Completely over priced and bad quality as well.  I expected better from a restaurant in city center.  Shiybu at MGM is way better!
Cool airport. Slot machines are convenient. Security is friendly and good lounge and food selections.
It wasn't as horrid as the reviews would lead you to think. Just don't expect a gleaming suburban-style mega-mart and you will be fine.
My absolute favorite Indian restaurant in Vegas,  hands down.  Try the tandoori fish,  palak paneer and butter chicken. .. to die for!
Thanks to Brian and his crew...i had a awesome experience Today with my car. They were fast and efficient and my car was done in a timely manner!!!!! And love the tint job! Its gonna save us from the hot sun!!! Thanks again :)
We went there for lunch and everything was good. I've got to say the company was what made the lunch truly enjoyable but I'd go back there again.
No bueno. Esp in Vegas I've had better.
Long queue, slow, expensive, small portion, good dim sum but other dishes are really mediocre, ok service...do not recommend at all
Worst Mexican food I've ever had. Try taco's el Gordo.
Everything was good from the start , hostess and bartender to waiter and busser !!! Food was excellent esp. my Veal Marsala . I will start sending people there !! I was there Mon. Oct. 22 2012
The Cafe in the Palace Station has the most enormous, delicious sandwiches and burgers.
The food was OK.  Price is good.  Service is not great. One of my pet peeves is when you walk in to a restaurant and whoever is working stares at you... like you walked waltzed in to their damn house uninvited.
This is really as good as it gets. The service is impeccable, the wine list generous and really fair, and the food is spectacular. They two chefs really care about their restaurant and the wonderful man who waited on the tables was so knowledgeable about both the food and wine. We can't wait to go back!!
Michelle is amazing! She goes above & beyond to meet my families needs. I did not have to wait very long for my exam. She was extremely understanding and patient when helping  my son that has Aspergers. This store was very clean & organized.
Worst show ever!  Do not waste your time.  Music is horrible and the dancing and singing are worse.
The food was fresh and ginger sailad was awesome. It is proud from a pricing perspective but the bento box is somewhat reasonable.
The plating is really good~ great ambiance and great view, but in terms of good itself, I would say it's hit or miss. Good for date
$40 for two adults and one kid. Red salsa was sweet versus spicy. The chimi was dry. It was full of meat, would of been delicious if there would of been cheese and sour cream inside with the meat or at least all over the top outside.
Delish! Had a breakfast sandwich to go and it was rich, filling, and perfectly sized. I really want to try their other sandwiches.
Used to be so good idk what happened because their chow mein, hot and sour soup, honey shrimp--just everything is disgusting compared to iron chef. I promise you I used to be a weekly customer there. Idk if they got new cooks but everything is not good anymore.
If I could give no stars that would describe this store. Manager was very rude order was not correct and tried to say that's what we ordered. I asked for my money back and to cancel the order and was told no refund. I did get my refund and promised I would never be back
Overpriced sugary dreck filling station.  But it's laced with 151.  You'll need it to brave the Studio Walk.  Way overpriced.
Haven't found \"magnificent\" Pho in the PHX area yet, Pholicious has a very descent pho with great pricing, excellent service from what seems to be a family owned restaurant. Haven't had a bad experience at this place yet.
You want great chinese food with good prices and service this place is the real deal!! Came here last night everything was on point from the food to service to prices would definetly recommend
Food was good but 90% sure I got food poisoning from eating here.\n\nThrowing up not once, not twice, but 3 times is never fun.\n\nTry anywhere else.
Great fries and sauce. Pretty much it. Waiters and Waitresses are usually very friendly but very busy. Kind of over-priced for what it is and very yuppie filled.
Our whole stay was excellent!\nFelt like we're at home. The two bedroom suite with kitchen, dining rm, laundry,  etc. Just completed what a family needs!
Quite possibly the worst buffet food I've ever had in Vegas. I'm still wondering what that hunk of meat was that was masquerading as roast beef. Luckily the guys working in the pits made the experience a little more enjoyable. And yes, the bunny ears too ...
I called Affordable German today to get some info. I work on my own car typically, but I was having a coolant leak and asked these guys for advice. They gave me expert advice and told me what was needed, and quoted me for the service if I couldn't handle it. Thanks guys!!
I have been using Elite Cleaners for over 10 years now.  I love the free pickup and delivery service!  Clothes come out great and I feel their prices are fair.
We had a fantastic time on their outdoor patio. The menu is so innovative: from limoncello wings to fig infused balsalmic oil, you can do no wrong here.\n\nI'd definitely recommend the newest dark beer with pumpkin and chocolate notes.
I love this place. The fish tacos are amazing and a little hard to eat being stacked so high with awesomeness. My favorite here is the calamari and chips. The calamari here is different than I have had before, cut in long strips and delicious. The portions are great and I love the atmosphere
Lots of stuff isnt really organic as stated so just make sure you read ingredients carefully
Very friendly service and a huge selection of flavors! I recommend the Cactus Juice.\n\nThey have a specialist who knows heavily about mechanical units and how to wrap your own coils. He's not an employee but he hangs out there and is willing to share his experience.
Yah this place is run down, but honestly, you're paying for what you're getting. \n\nShort and sweet:\n \nIf you get a room here, try to get the south tower because those rooms are renovated. \n\n3 stars for those rooms
Nice menu, excellent food!
Best BBQ salad in the valley, I challenge you to try it out!
over priced, but a nice treat.
Love the Tempe locations vibe .. Good Beer -good food.. We stop by once a month or so for years now.. BIG FAN - you will not go wrong here!!
Cheap and delicious!  Can't beat that.
Great replacement for Village Inn, IHOP, or any other pancake type of diner.  The portions are huge and the price is reasonable.  The service is quick and the menu is full of options.
Worst customer service of any grocery store I've ever been in.  EVER!  I'd rather go to any other Safeway or any other grocery store.  I'll drive the extra 10 miles just to avoid this place.
I always hear hype about China Chili...now I've been there a few times and it is decent but nothing to rave about.  Unfortunately I never made it there prior to the big move but I really cannot imagine that much changed in the way of food greatness.  My vote still goes to GHoHK.
Really, enjoyed this. If you can handle the black liquorish taste, I highly recommend absinthe cocktails before the show!\nLook for the half off tickets booths on the strip, I got in for 60 bucks.
The coconut bark and huli hulu chicken burritos are to die for!
The best bar in Oakland
Chicago dogs are great! Our office goes here on occasion for lunch and I've never been dissapointed.
Order the GFY burger.  You can thank me later.\n\nThis place is off the charts awesome.
The crazy pita is a hidden treasure.  I LOVE the grilled chicken skewers.  They come with couscous, a yummy cucumber salad, squash, with pitas and fresh hummus.  YUM!!  It's a perfect meal when you're trying to eat healthy.
This place has the best salsa in Mesa and maybe even the Phoenix area for all I know. The red sauce is nice and spicy. Get one step above the house margarita - you won't be disappointed. Very friendly staff too!
First time visited tonight. Great selections, great tasting. My reaction was  WOW!!!! Amazing.
I already get my haircut at the Cuttin Coral....\n\nExactly as I expected..... Food was mediocre but edible.... I guess $11 is fair for what you get.  Couldn't believe I was behind a wedding party....hoodtastic !!
Been closed for months,was open less than 6 month enough said!\nWasn't very good at all....
I haven't been here in a while.  Stopped in Monday AM and didn't have to wait for a table which is rare.  I had their special which was scrambled eggs with apple sausage and spinach.  Served with hash browns and toast it was a great way to start the day.
This honestly completely blew me away. It's really awesome how they can come directly to you for an immediate quote and even fix it right then and there! I'm completely amazed with the service Steve provided and will definitely be back if I ever need a dent removed. Words can not express how thankful I am to him.
i eat here a lot  way to much it's not that good the atmosphere is dull and it's expensive 9.50$ for a BLT sandwich  but the chicken soup is good and everybody except for me loves the pancakes one thing i kida like is that they use chuck  for the hamburgs but there still not that good.
This Pizza is not any better or cheaper than the equivalent places that deliver.  Add to that the inconvenience of having to pick it up and cook it, and it is just not worth it at all.
USED to be great!!! I don't know what happened. Please bring the old Eastwind back!!!!
Awesome place to bring kids and family!! I it's educational and you can touch sting rays!! It's air conditioned and a very good price!! You can take your time and see each animal at your own pace. They have facts about animal posted around the exhibit.
Wish I had known they were using a MICROWAVE I choose to not have one in my home and certainly don't need to pay some one else to microwave for me. Sad all these places profiting off healthy food claims really aren't healthy.
Damn harolds gonna knock you down one star, last time I visited was a disappointment. The cook must've reached the bottom of their seasoning batter or perhaps the wings were brined for too long cause my wings were pretty salty..
The iced hazelnut macchiato was excellent.  Fast service and friendly.
Service wasn't great... Salsa wasn't bad.. Food was not that great. Beans and rice looked like they came out of a bucket and beans looked like they were burnt onto the  plate. We will not be coming back here. :(
If you love mustard, you'll love this place.
Amazing food! Great service. Nice people. Try the poki salad and the screaming orgasm! Save room for the tempura ice cream!
I just bought a groupon for a facial. Sherry's vm says, she will return ph calls within in an hour. I sure hope she calls me back. I would love to have a facial given all the fabulous reviews.
The lunch meals are great. I did have a bad experience with the egg foo young... I could not eat it at all.
Awesome job. Gustavo was professional and fast. No obnoxious upsell. Would definitely recommend this company to fellow yelpers.
C'mon \"Pink Taco\", best name ever.
This place is bomb!!! Love kimchi fried rice + 4 skewers!! HEAVEN!
Love this place. So friendly and knowledgable. Have previously purchased a Mac from them and today went in to get my iPhone screen replaced. You can't beat their prices or service. I recommend them to everyone!
Nice place. Liked the ambience. Was on a corporate party do don't know how pricey it is.
One of our favorite places to eat! We meet friends there regularly, and treat ourselves during the week. DO NOT MISS THE LASAGNA! It is rich and hot! Large house salad with chicken is very generous!
Strong daiquiris perfect for getting hammered. And you get commemorative refillable plastic cups. My blue one tasted reminiscent of suntan lotion. $1 extra for shots. Ridiculous and symbolic of all that LV is.\n\nNOTE: Don't get the Yager bomb!
The crowd was all old creepy drunk men , one was drooling and bragging about how much money he had, and then got kicked out bc he stole my friends iPhone!!!! music was so loud I couldn't think.. bartender was awesome though.
Excellent food but service was slow.  Sushi is good, no craft beer.  Martini made well.  Very pricey, but location it's the reason.
There is better out there. It looks like a cool place, but the bartenders that night were not that great. Won't be going back because of their service.
Update - went back another time and the pizza was mediocre at best.  So disappointing, we loved it the first time!  My guess is that if you get pizza right out of the oven you're good to go - otherwise, you're SOL.
This place is GOOD! AT least the rib tips corn fritters and beans anyway. Brought a friend who thought it was great too! So sad I haven't been here sooner, but so happy now :) I'll definitely be coming here for BBQ from now on!!
My husband and I stopped there on our way out of town.  It is not worth going to . The casino is outdated, smelled awful and the food is not good. We went to the Mexican restaurant, and it was disgusting .   \nI don't recommend stopping there to gamble or eat.
Signature drinks-awful. Just really bad. The patrons were mostly low life. A fight even broke out. Place sucks
Been here many, many times. Liked it a lot when they first opened. Good sushi, but they have become very inconsistent with the rest of the dishes on the menu. It's gotten to where we get a good meal only about 30 to 40% of the time and now usually leave disappointed. Money is best spent elsewhere.
Vegetarian meal was sooo good. Delicious fried sweet plantains! Excellent service and meal
Service was good, food was okay I'd give it 3. Stars for food and 4 for service. The guacamole was really good- got some fresh homemade tortillas to go with it. I got a veggie burrito and I heard the chicken enchiladas were okay.
They serve up decent pho but service is always lacking. They never smile and not very attentive.
This place sucks.  Period.  I'm a big fan of buffet, and frankly this place is what makes people hate buffets.  Never again.
Was planning on hanging out there with a friend to try out their coffee but it wasn't open past 8:30PM on a Friday night!  \nYelp advertised that it was going to be open until 10PM!\nCompany website link is dead.
It's gross.  Don't waste your money please!  Hope this helps you!
If I could give this a 0 star I would. Such a joke. Double price for coffee and breakfast wraps $9!!!! Insane. Corporate needs to know about this robbery. Over double in price for everything. Avoid at all cost. Welcome to Vegas everything costs something.
A really nice place. The staff was top notch and very professional. The property was well located and very clean. Oh and my room was incredible! The bathroom has an illuminated oval mirror that made my friends eyes look so wild. But then again we were having a really great time, it may have just been her eyes!
I just want to this KFC and my experience here was horrible. I waited in the drive thru for 15 minutes to get my food. The service was horrible and the employees weren't very friendly. I will defiantly not be coming back to this KFC. Also, there was fowl strong oder that smelled like sewage.
Decent place to eat for a nice lunch. I didn't find it to be anything super out of the ordinary but the service was good and the grilled artichoke is a dish worth mentioning.
Their meat is good and nicely marinated just wish they had more variety of panchan.  It's decent for Vegas... I guess.  *dreaming about k-town....
Ok this place really surprise me... It's ridiculously  good!!!! uni is clean and sweet, yellow tail melts on your mouth so as the scallop and the sea bream, shishito peppers are delicious and beef tongue yummy, everything I ordered was  so good I can't complain
it's not bad and it's not good.
Papaya with mango smoothie. No boba.  Me no like boba.  Not bad, but Taiwan Food Express a mile north in the Mekong Plaza makes better fruit juice smoothies.  But how come nobody can make papaya juice like they do in Manhattan, at Grey's Papaya and Papaya King?
Terrible food and service. Ordered nachos. Took a long time and the food was cold when I got it. They also added guac even though I didn't order it. This is a place you can tell is poorly managed... Do not go here
The store is cute and the fact that it is a local business and not a big chain makes it cool. The staff is also very friendly. The pieces are trendy and reasonably priced. Unfortunately the quality is bad so don't plan on keeping anything long term.
Great affordable place and all the food is very fresh. I visit a lot as it is close to my house. Tried quite a few menu items but my favourites are the rare beef and brisket soup and their mixed dumplings and imperial rolls. Yum :)
Good price and love the location
The guacamole was made to order and you could taste the difference. The shrimp tacos were bad ass.The street tacos were plain and bland,they should be tossed on the street.
It's not spectacular but coming from sd, where Mexican is amazing, I haven't been impressed much
Great new restaurant I just had cocktails and a appetizer.  \nGreat ambience  casual and cool!  Great energetic servers was refreshing!  Thanks  I will be back!
Swanky dinner and drinks with a hefty price tag.
The sandwich shop is still just decent overall, but try the mozzarella pesto sandwich on ciabatta.  It's solid.
Great hamburgers and awesome service.   Love being able to sit outside during the winter.
Completely worth the wait. Great food, great service and you will leave full.\n\nEverything on the menu is delicious.
Great sushi...highly recommended.  The service was good to, only reason for 4 stars is the wait for the mussels.
Worst experience. Took way too long just to get our hotel. They had to wait for the bus to fill up.  This was bought with a package from Orbitz.  Save your money and take a taxi.
Yummmm...
When you walk in a rib joint and don't smell ribs, you know there's a problem ! I can't even say the food is bad, it would have to have flavor in order to qualify to be bad! It just sad!
The cupcakes are amazing. This is a must visit place for locals and visitors. The service is great, and the food is great. We bought pies for Thanksgiving and they were a huge hit, I can't wait to see what they come up with for Christmas.
Terrible Staff...Cashier chewed gum, talked on cell and asked that I excuse her behavior because it was close to closing.
Not the best place to eat but they do make pretty good green beans! Do be careful as well because their food gives you the runs!
They left the edge of my carpets dirty and my carpets soaking wet, it took days to dry out. \n\nThen one day I thought I would be nice and have my wife's car detailed...They did a decent job, until she informed me that they stole her Ipod.
Food was very good.  The waitress (Toni) sucked I think she forgot to put our  food order in.
I love Ono's for Hawaiian food. Their food is great. I like eating there.
I had on a pair of open toed flat shoes and the bouncer would not let me in. He said it was a safety hazard. I found this to be ridiculous. I had on a nice outfit but just chose not to wear heels because my feet hurt that day. Oh well.
went here yesterday for dinner had the special 4 chicken tacos for 6.95 they were good i also ordered a side of beans which were ok no chips are served with the side of beans or in general unless ordered as a side as well
Bad food, snotty bartender. I put up with it from hot chicks in high school, but I don't like to pay for it. The one in Chandler is way better.
The best place for breakfast. When you come here, be ready to wait a few minutes to get a table. Once you're seated get ready to feast on an awesome breakfast. The three piggies omelette or any of the skillets are very, very good.
I just had the veggie stir fry at #2 spiciness and it was really good. Make sure you order the lunch portion though or you will definitely be in a food comma for a few hours.
Not much to do here but to view the old Olympic Stadium. They have a nice park which is probably best to visit during the warmer months.
My Favorite spot priced well and plenty of side dishes. The service is always excellent. This trip we order 2 King for 6 People and the portions were just right. The beef was so tender it melts in your mouth. The beer (Hite) we ordered was refreshing too... light, perfect to compliment your meal.
Came here based on the reviews. Very deceiving. Very limited polish selection. The girl I saw was rough and cut my foot and acted as though it was my fault. Uneven nails. Horrible. Not worth driving out of the way of my hotel for this place.
The best part about this hotel was the staff they were so accommodating and friendly. Very disappointed in the rooms, ripped bedding , broken lamp shades, old tubs, caulking falling out around tub, no chairs on room, beds old . Needless too say won't be coming back till they decide to renovate.
I've been here twice and they do a really nice job but unfortunately the last 2 times I've wanted to come here I get here an hour or hour and a half before they are supposed to be officially closed and when I arrived the lights where off and no one was inside or answering the phone ...
Really really good Mexican food. Not your standard fare compared to other Mexican places in Madison. Tasty pumpkin mole sauce. They have really good cafe de oja. Of course the salsa and tortilla chips are the best.
It's a good simple Asian fusion restaurant with a fun owner and great staff! \nThey have vegetarian options which I always appreciate because my boyfriend is Vegetarian.
Armed with a new cookbook from Cali's wine country, I'm excited to find duck legs and several lamb cuts (ground, shoulder, leg, etc)... This store is just AWESOME for the variety they offer...
A good sandwich, but I didn't think it was the 'second comming' of subs like some think.  As it is 'take out', no bathroom - not a big deal but inconvenient if traveling like we were.  Convenience store next door.
This place was okay. It was a bit empty and it is touristy. I ordered the roast pork and noodles. It was good. About the same as any other Chinese restaurant.
I stayed in a West Wing room this weekend and walked through this Bar several times. I finally stopped for a drink my last night.  There was a DJ playing and it seemed like a very cool understated place.  Next trip to The MGM Grand I'll definitely make it a regular stop. It is wheelchair accessible with some really comfortable looking couches.
casino was fun, food sucked, roller coaster was the shit, and i met omarion from b2k.
The staff was friendly, food ok for az. I ate at this same chain when I lived in san diego where the food tasted more authentic. I won't be coming here again, probably could have better mex food at taco bell. Sad!
Pizza was great and reasonably priced.  Didn't get 5 stars because they only offer one size of pizza.  We had 3 people and couldn't agree on what to get so we would have really liked to order 2 medium pizzas, but that wasn't an option.
Great service and good food. It's a standard classic breakfast place that has all the expected menu items. I had the pancakes one morning and eggs another and both came out really good.
Service was good, food was good, the dancing and music was atrocious, i couldnt enjoy the food due to the ridiculous music volume...other than that, pretty good...they were nice when they brought out my birthday cake.
Its a bank.. Most of the tellers are friendly they get you in and out. Get any questions answered.
Food is really good. But the service is aweful. I don't understand what part of restaurant service they don't get. They have such good food and I hope they don't screw up with the service and drive away the customers forever. I may be one ov those if they continue with this type of ridiculous service .
Pretty awesome show but for being a super cool elite social club there sure were a whole heck of a lot of people there. I could barely move so my gf and i decided to leave rather than give this establishment any more money. Shame.
This place is closed.  This is the fourth time the same people have opened a \"business\" in Vegas and closed in a matter of weeks.
Bland breakfast burrito. Needs some salt. Yes the hot sauce is spicy but taste shouldn't be just about \"how hot\" the salsa is. I'll try it another day and update my review.
This place is awesome for fresh Japanese noodles.  The spicy tonkotsu is excellent.  Don't forget the kimchi fried rice.  Everything on the menu is excellent.
me and my wife got the chicken burrito and it was tasteless,greasy and full of qrizzly
Love the salsa bar. 15 varieties. Street tacos rock.
Came here.for a cocktail party then went off to Surrender night club with friends. Modern look , busy bar and not as many dining this evening including ourselves, but overall a great place to mingle pre party!
Friends don't let friends fly US airways . . . Seriously!! Pay the $10 $20 $50 for a better airline horrible customer service didn't even get a food voucher for their mistake that has me here waiting til 641pm got here at 9am almost 10hrs o_O?
We travel add a family of five and I've seen double queen rooms over most of the west coast. The room we had here was huge. Two queen beds and a fold out divan, kitchenette with fridge and microwave, clean heated swimming pool. I would definitely stay here again.
Disappointed to have my temp license turned down from Utah. I even brought my expired DL as backup, but apparently this place has a policy of not accepting out of state IDs. \n\nGuess I won't be celebrating my birthday here ever again.
I can't say enough about this restaurant. I love everything I have tried there.  My two favorites are the Twin Dragon Roll and the King Crab Tempura. Chef John is always welcoming and the service is friendly, team oriented, and swift. As good as it gets!
Good sandwich, surly lady taking our money...... Actually applied fresh lipstick before serving us. \nCan't take anything away from the sandwiches and the rest of the staff though.
Found this place and been coming since they opened. Good food nice people. You get a lot of food for the price. They stuff the containers full. I even have enough for lunch the next day.\nI recommend Chopstix for replacement of fast food. It's the same price and much tastier in my opinion.
Not bad for a hole in the wall Greek fast food spot next to a Starbucks in Old Montreal.\n\nLot's of food if you tell them you are Greek. They will know if you are lying.\n\nOpa Opa
pizza felt like it was 89% dough, like barely any sauce, cheese, toppings etc on it. wings were a little cold when they arrived at the table. got a bottled beer and bottled soda, both were stale as hell. the workers are half-wits too, no offense.
guy with the turban-----not friendly!
Excellent fried empanadas + soccer on the TV.
Service was excellent but the food was just OK. It was very busy during lunch and was hard to get a table. We attempted to get two tables but other rude people jumped in front to claim it.  I'll pass on this place next time.
Beautiful old building with great food and excellent cocktail menu. Fish fry on a Friday was just right. Cocktail prices on the high side, but a decent beer menu. Wait staff was friendly and prompt.
Ross and Gilbert did a great job! They explained the process as they worked and did a great clean up job as well. Totally worth it!
Latte and muffins were good; latte could have been stronger. The service was friendly and the space was very cozy. But it wasn't so good that I need to run back, or chose this coffee house over one with a drive thru.
This is a neighborhood gem for sure.\n\nGreat food and a lot of gluten free options.\n\nThe tuna was delicious.\n\nGreat decision as well and not that pricey.\n\nWorth the visit.\n\nCheers
Lots of fun. The story-line is easy to follow and the performers were great. It's comparable to a Cirque show... not as impressive as the really good ones (Zumanity, Mystere), but better than the bad ones (Ka, Believe).
Their yogurt is good, but personally I'd recommend yogurtology or mojo better, for the flavor and especially because I really like the self-service system.
We called in an order for pick up. t was ready by the time we got there 5 blocks away. The subs were great and the price was reasonable. We ordered pick up because there is a delivery fee.
Confirming that it's closed!  Just drove by it yesterday.
Good food, \nGood ambience\n\nThe food here is delicious. I love the chicken tom yum soup , calamari and spring rolls. The prices are reasonable and service is good.
Went here from across town to use my restaurant.com certificate and was made like I committed fraud.  Its not my fault I shouldn't suffer for it.  They should add shrimp to meat choices.  Owner went from front of house to back of house to help but didn't appear to wash hands
I had loved this place when they had the meatballs. They had pasta and everything but now they changed it and I was very disappointed they took it off the menu! This was what people talked about and now they have a weird menu. You just lost a fan Bianco.
The service is great but the value for your dollar forget. Two dollar taco Tuesday must be for an empty shell cause I when received the bill certain meats cost more and there is hardly any in the shell. Big rip-off.  Go to taco bell better value more meat.
Ordered pizza today as we had a coupon.  Had 3 different kinds-never again.  Not good pizza.
Great place to take your cat. Treated me good and the cat as well....it can be a bit pricey but they will diagnose your pet well. Usually open late.
Do not go to this venue at night unless you have a reservation, otherwise you will be wasting an expensive cab fare. They are very inflexible about adding late comers and can only accommodate 20 max per tour.  Even though the website says they recommend reservations, they should probably just require them in advance to save everyone the headache.
This bar sucks. Wow I was so excited anout this place. Adam and most of the bartenders are literally a 4 out of 10. Even tipping ten bucks a drink there slow. I was so excited about this place and needless to say this place is a joke. PTs much better service. What a joke  to Las Vegas.
It's a fast food Mexican spot... It is good not great. Better than Taco Bell that's for sure. The 5 dollar specials are great!
Im from NJ and we come to Luckys for our pizza.  Its as good or better than NJ!!!
Eat at home and come here for a great beer selection. Food looks good online but is disappointing to say the least.
One word..... Awesome!!! I consistently go here. Good is amazing and price is good!
They think that they're doing you a favor by letting you eat here. The service is beyond horrible, and they food is awful. Not to mention its so loud that the waiters can't hear your order and bring you the wrong things.
Not impressed with the onion rings... too greasy with an unpleasant aftertaste. Also spider web decoration during halloween became a nuisance.
Great service, Joe was very helpful in helping me find the right shoe for my foot. He was even training a new employee while he helped me. I was in and out in 30 minutes and this included the gait analysis.
All the staff here are very nice. The vets will sit and talk with you without rushing. The price is a bit high, but for the care and patience justifies the price and more.
one of the better places in madison. great beer selection. burger and onion rings were good
One of my top three favorite ballparks.  I thoroughly enjoyed my visit here and it was fireworks night which is always awesome.
Best place to go for your happy hour drinks! Nerds Slushes are awesome, Employees are always have great attitudes, makes me want to always go back.
Solid buffet. As my usual at a buffet, I was looking for prime rib and shrimp and got both. Crab legs were a great bonus. The sushi rolls were \"meh.\" Lots of good choices and I never got anything that did not taste good. Would go back for sure.
Awesome service.  Came right out for an estimate and the next day my home theatre problems were solved.  Very reasonable prices for the work performed.  Would use them again w/out hesitation.
Omg!! Oyster is so fishy and the sushi was disgusting. Kitchen food was so bad. I cannot believe the food was not worth a penny. Gee!
My husband and I have really enjoyed our weekly visits to Moto Sushi.  We love the location, and the vibe inside as well. All the sashimi and rolls have been wonderful.  Thank you!  Highly suggest visiting!
Horrible service the guy there was not helpful, I asked simple questions, and he walked away refusing help. I will not be returning. Do not come here ever.
Service is decent food could be better. $1 per slice of bacon side order is pretty step. Restaurant cleanliness is lacking as well. Looks like stuff that's been on the floor for the last few days. Most likely won't be going back unless I hear things have improved.
First time renting a car in Vegas....  Last time renting in Vegas.  Worst customer service in the world. Slowest customer service in the world. Do I continue?
This is one of the last dinosaurs left in Las Vegas.  It's been spruced up a bit the last few years.  Nothing spactacular but you can't beat the nostalgia.  Worth stoping in  if you're low rolling.  I've always had fun here.
1hr for appetizers. Another hour for main entree. Killed my son waiting for for food.
Definitely enjoyed going there to catch up with a friend. The cashier had awesome suggestions and was very helpful. I didn't get an alcoholic beverage but I'm pretty sold on the iced vanilla vodka latte! \n\nMy dirty chai was perfect by the way!
FRIDAY= Hawaiian plate= KANAK ATTACK....ALL PAU....cannot breath no mo room. Came in hungry, left tired, but all teeth!! AUURITE!!
worst pasta ive ever had.  long the lines of a tv dinner. and for 25 dollars a plate, yeah id rather go for the tv dinner. \n\nbad service. cold bread. small portions. bland pasta.
Love everything I've tried here.  A little bummed that the Tempe location doesn't do pasta.
Great meal. Tom yum soup hits the spot on a cool day. \nLast couple trips here it seems the soup and entrees come out very close to each other. I would prefer to eat the soup before the entree arrives. \nBut a solid meal everytime.
We've eaten there twice, really liked almost everything. Charming, quaint, good service.   Super inexpensive, especially during Happy Hour.  \n\n7/1/10 update  They closed now.
Horrible customer service everytime. Rude and very slow. They are almost always out of several flavors of bagels, really is it that hard to figure out that people are going to order plain bagels everyday.
I would have given 4 stars but I got there at 10 when they opened and no one was home. 5 minutes later an employee showed up, went in and left all 4 of waiting outside for another 5 minutes. The haircut was good enough. I'd go back.
Ordered a French Dip for delivery. When I received my order I noticed that all of the Dipping Sauce had spilled into the bag. Sandwich was still good though. They could probably be more cautious when delivering food however.
My favorite place!  Killer shuffle board and old-school game room... Skee-ball!  Bartender Ryan is awesome and the food is great  :)  Better alternative to Coach House: *Air conditioning!*  Love it.
This was my 1st time using US Airways, which has joined forces with America West.  I have no real complaints here.  Check-in is simple with their kiosks.  Assigned seating is a standard.  Drinks and pretzels provided in flight, even if it's an hour flight.  I'd fly with them again.
I give it 1 star for the ambiance. \n\nThe food and service was extremely poor.
I really want to like the store, because the staff is very knowledgeable.  I'm not a bike fanatic though, so when I go in, I want help. The help I got came of as condescending and I left the store with a bad taste in my mouth about coming back. Hope others have a better experience!
Awesome service, food was pretty good, drinks weren't watered down, n price was worth it.
Their selection of guys stuff suck here, on the other hand, girls gets more selections. i just don't get it. ill stick to southern California stores.
They charge a $14 per day \"resort fee\" to cover in room Wi-Fi and all I can pull is 1.5 Mbps.
Ok, so today was the first time ive ever eaten here. For burgers I usually prefer 5 guys, Smash Burger, or Fat Burger but Freddys is great. Also the shakes are hella good.
very friendly, good food, decor could use a little work, but its family owned and operated, and the prices are extremely reasonable!  Have been there twice and enjoyed the food and service both times
great location for people watching and seeing the water show across at the Bellagio. Great waiter. Helped us pick out favorites from the menu. Will make it a point to return to this place when in Vegas.
Nothing spectacular. But the food is good. For the price.i had the teriyaki beef. It was tender with just enough sauce.
Was good (although the prices were steep) until I saw the cockroach crawl across the dining room floor. I stomped it and lost my appetite. Wish I had read the reviews first. : (
Ive been trying a couple different sushi places and i think for the price and taste this is the best ive had thus far.  if you go during happy hour you wont regret it.  me my brother and my 2 cuzns pig out here and i mean pig out for about 60 bucks.
I used Pristine last month for the first time and they were extremely thorough. The team was nice and easy to work with as they were able to schedule around my busy schedule. They cleaned my entire place from top to bottom. I look forward to working with them in the future - definitely worthy of a try.
The mini burgers here will be the death of me.
We ate the dinner buffet here about an hour before closing. I was not impressed with the quality of the food for the price. The only thing really noteworthy were the desserts. Perhaps lunch is a better option. I would not return again for dinner though.
Service has slipped the past few months and I was forced to switch cleaners after items kept getting misplaced and mistagged and  one item went missing for good. They also ruined one of my wives dresses the last time we used this cleaner.
I am a real estate broker and use them for all our termite inspections. Very pleased! They are prompt and flexible with their schedule.
Rain outside = rain inside. Update the website for the group exercises when you have cancellations.
First time at this location. Ordered my usual, chicken cheese steak... One word, DRY.
Love this place! It was so good I had to get a second chicken sandwich. I got chx, tomato, spinach, onion, cucumber, goat cheese, avocado, and an egg and loved it. Definitely will be going back
Amazing food!  Everything is home-made daily and the sticky buns are the same as Ovens of Brittany's. You are missing out if you haven't been to this place.
Small place and long wait.  salty ramen, we tried each of the three broths. Nothing spectacular but my first ramen place in Vegas. Have had much better in Bay Area, LA & Chicago.
Poor service.  Mediocre food.
I would have to rate Sushi Tower average.  Service was good.  Too bad the sushi didn't match.
Got my to go order back to my office and realized they shorted me half my order. Called and the little girl who answered wanted to argue and talk over me.  Told me there was nothing she could do.  I wouldn't go back if the food was free.
Definitely the best Thai place I've found in the valley.  The food is quite good, although it's not mind-blowing.  They'll make most dishes as hot as you want them, which is a big plus for me since I enjoy food that's painful.
Frozen fusion margaritas are awesome!! Love them! Cornbread and food is also all incredibly great here?
The cook doesn't know how to make poached eggs, over medium, or anything but scrambled.
My favorite Steakhouse in Las Vegas hands down!  Bone-in Filet Medium Rare, Mac and Cheese!
decent. took our server a while to get us our check and they wer not busy at all. but the food was good. im sure  the service is better on different days.
Would never go back.  They ruined an expensive dress and would not take responsibility for the damage.  They send their stuff out.  If you like your clothes find another cleaner!
Decent salsa. Better for breakfast because afternoon they start just dumping grease into every recipe. Don't waste money on the fish tacos or soggy tostadas.  Much better Mexican food around but ok in a pinch.
Food is blah.  Maybe because I went for the seafood dishes in the middle of the desert... service is good, so is the beer.  Atmosphere is nice outside (except for the smokers)... the only real complaint was the food - which is.... you know.... kinda important.
We (spouse and kids) love it there. And they totally welcome kids - LOVE that they have organic milk to give the kiddos. My toddler loves the beans and nachos. The chiliquiles and enchiladas are good.
The food is great but the staff ls very slow and unprofessional. It's sad because this place used to be tops. There is too much competition to wait 25 minutes for a slice of pizza.
not the best place at talking stick resort. Often its hard to get the bartenders attention. however, good place to get a quick drink.
Food was nothing special. Not much seasoning. They couldn't get my wife's salmon right after two trys!
Long line waiting and only one cashier. After 25 minutes wait for five feet, I gave up . Mr. Chieu should hide some more help here!
Good authentic mexican food.  I ordered the turkey tail tacos  (which are soft tacos)  and they were surprisingly delicious.  I also got the juarez flautas which were extraordinary.  the only reason I took a star away is because it does not have much ambience,  but great for a quick meal.
My husband and I loved this place! From the wine list, to the old movie being projected on the wall, to the ambiance, friendly staff, and let's not forget the delicious food! I can't wait to go back!
Loved it!!! \n\nThe food was really good and unique, the decor was beautiful and there's a great outdoor seating area!!!
Soooo good. I've had their Rueben Omelet and the Rueben Benny. Both were VERY good.
Great local yarn store with lots of high-quality yarns of many different varieties.  The cafe in back is nice and cozy too.
The service team may want to take a field trip to Mercedes or Audi to get a better understanding of what a luxury car experience is all about. \n\nLower your expectations as far as you can and still expect to be disappointed.\n\nThis place is sadly lipstick on a Chevrolet pig. Don't waste your time.
This is a chain of truck stops.  However the auto fueling area is run by Valero.  The gas is cheaper than many in the Las Vegas area, but there are those places who are less.  To get to this place, leave I-15 at the Speedway exit and head east till you see the Petro sign....
AWFUL! For starters, the bread is horrible (and without enough butter), it took over 25 minutes for them to bring out a fish dish and a sandwich because \"the fries were too greesy.\" -- WHAT?!?...
Molly is AMAZING! She's such a sweet girl and I always love getting my lashes done...it's like having girl time together :)  She's getting really popular and busy so contact her now for an appointment!
This ain't barbeque! School cafeteria food is what it resembles. wtf? Way, way overpriced. Potato salad that looks and tastes like baby food. If you grew up in America, this food will be a culture shock.\n\nOnly upside: tourists will dig this place.
I don't want to give this location any stars whatsoever the customer service was rude the food was even put together right this is a bad location for customer service. So if you don't care about customer service come to this location but if you like customer service go somewhere else
8 bucks to repair a tire in 10 mins and 12 bucks to rotate the tire in 2 mins. I am OK with that! Hopefully the tire don't break apart.
It's a nice place to relax and chit chat with friends, or just come to enjoy a nice cup of coffee and a good book. I will definitely come back and try their latte :)
I had so much fun here... the drinks were really good and the atmosphere was upscale.  I definitely think the music could be a little better though... they tend to play the same things over and over again.  But other than that it was great.
Dr. Noggle is the best!! She's the only one I allow to touch my back. Great customer service and very personalized. I would recommend this going here to anyone!!
Most generic and uninviting bar in town even before you encounter the apathetic rude bartender. Must have been counting on a captive resident population ?  Do not go here. The High Noon, Caribou, Old Sugar all worth a short walk. This place deserves to die.
Great service and great dogs.  My only issue is its a cash only place, although if I was running that same business I would probably do the same.\n\nGet there early for lunch because if fills up fast.
Not just  a regular pizza place. Hnd tossed doe makes a big difference. Great flavor and portions.would definitely recommend and eat here again. Staff was very friendly.
They ran out of bread pockets for breakfast, then ran out of coffee (but kept selling the cups). The staff was indifferent and not helpful.
Total piece of white trash at the gate gave me an attitude about proving I am disabled...then said she doesn't remember me.  We have dealt with her three other times....great customer service - NOT!))
No country for old men\n\nDemographically I don't fit the mold.Guy over 60. Had a beer finished it,after 10 minutes finally had to grab someone for a second one. Ordering to go .We will see,I am invisible in this place.
the place smell so bad with smokers,we have to leave right away.
Loved the course. You would think you were golfing in a tropical paradise.
I always going to the prime rib loft when I am in Vegas for my annual bowling tournament. Prices are cheap, prime rib is always good and there is never a wait. It is very casual that you can go in shorts and sandals and they don't ever mind that we are really drunk and annoying.
I'm a huge fan of their Wednesday prices and really enjoy the selection of good quality produce at farmer's market prices.  It's always a bit crowded and the parking lot is a disaster, which is why the 4 stars. Overall, people are super nice and friendly and the food is high quality/organic for really reasonable prices.
Excellent gourmet hot dogs.  I had the Angry Dog, which has spicy pork bulgogi, Asian slaw, diced jalape\u00f1os and fiery mayo on it.
Great prices, especially during happy hour. But customer service needs A LOT of work! Either my order is skipped, i have to beg for a water refill because they never check on you, I get the wrong item, or I ask them for something and they just completely forget.
Went right after lunch rush so it was a little messy, however the manager in charge was great.  Yes, they did forget my kids milk and toys, but gave it to me and apologized. I'm not a huge mc d's fan bcuz of health reasons, so I gave it a 3 but service was a 4.
3 dollar roll tacos....way over priced. Total rip off. I get it its mill but damn...i hope people notice other Mexican restaurants. I don't know what's keeping this place open still...
I have been to Tonic several times. It's a super cute salon and everyone is very friendly. I love the products they carry and my services always turn out great. Joree the receptionist is super sweet. She makes you feel so at home. I'll def be back!
What a cool place to eat at, the humus is awesome and the food tastes very healthy and fresh. Very busy at night every time I've been there, so you may be doing a little waiting until your server gets to you. Prices are good and people are friendly and know the menu well.
Great service. Sales people not pushy at all. We bought a sectional with 4 recliners for less than $1000.
This place was highly recommended by a fiend of mine who patronizes this place regularly on his lunch break... And for good reason. The hot dogs are delicious with many different original concoctions of fixins'. Nice family atmosphere and the workers were very friendly.  Give this place a try you will not be disappointed !
Pizza was ok however not worth the 90 minute delivery time. Don't tell me its an hour when you know you are slammed. Won't be ordering from here again.
A lot of choices, but nothing stood out as a must have.  The desserts were very good, but everything else was just ordinary.  Bring your wallet if you plan on drinking alcohol.  I guess the Tribe has to pay for that beautiful new building somehow.  Drinks way overpriced.
Brand new .Very nice and clean .
Great food. And though I'm not usually a fan of chocolate, the chocolate souffle was to die for! The view is wonderful, the service was great. Not the very best Las Vegas has to offer, but still mighty fine!
Definitely a fan! Ordered the Original Bowl and it was delicious! However, the wait was incredibly long for one bowl!
Delicious food, wonderful lunch menu.  Super cute patio.
You can certainly tell which reviews were written by friends, employees or owners.\nThe beans were the only item with any taste. Soggy meat, held in hot water, sauce that didn't  qualify as sauce.\nI've had bad, however this tops the list!
$3.75 for a 16 ounce coffee which was the worst coffee I've had in quite a while. It had the acidic taste of a coffee that has been kept at too hot a temperature for too long.
Absolutely best fish n chips I've had in years. Food is wonderful. Bee abd her staff are friendly and helpful\n.
I haven't been to this mall in forever; in fact, I think the last time was before I was even in high school.  Now that I am older I really can see and appreciate the beauty that lies in this place.  I think I will be coming back to spend the day with my mother in the near future.
I brought my two sons here for a Sunday lunch and we all agreed to never go back.  Nothing stood out as terrible, but it just wasn't great food.
Been coming to this Target since it was opened. The staffs are friendly. This Target always has the supplies. Not as crowded plus always has the supplies when I needed them. The location is clean and good staffs.
This is the second time that we had breakfast at the Waffle House in Goodyear. Both times we really enjoyed out meal. The staff is friendly and attentive to our needs. It is fun to sit at the counter and watch everyone interact.
The place is small but big on very good gyros--Have gotten carry out several times and always the same--excellent--Plan to try the Philly cheese tonight--Highly recommend give it a try--by the way the Philly cheese that I had tonight  is just as good as the gyros
I will NEVER stray from this place again!!!!
The pizza I order is always delicious and always ontime.
I was in Montreal for work and I was introduced to McLean's by a friend. It was worth every dollar spent. Good food, great service and good atmosphere. I look forward to stopping by on my next trip.
I'm so happy we have a Layers in Summerlin! They made 12 dozen cookies for our company Rebel Reading Challenge student celebration. The butter cookies were custom designed as books with \"Read!\" on them in glitter icing. They made this happen with only 3 day notice and were absolutely delicious.
Kung Paola's good... Trying General Tsao today
Terrible!!!!  The placed charged us full price knowing there was NO grass in fairways.  I mentioned it to pro shop afterwards and got ZERO satisfaction.  They got over on my once, NEVER AGAIN!!!
Bamboo, palm trees, pictures of Elvis Presley: the decor is appropriately not subtle.  This makes it a great place for a guy to order a \"girlie drink\" and not stick out so much.
The food is absolutely phenomenal!  I love rare and medium rare meat and that's a majority the meat selections.  \n\nService is great, always had water in my cup.  We went there with a group of 10 and it was awesome.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone! \n\nKeep up the good work
This taco bell rocks. I've never had any major issues, other than the typical \"Dammit no sauce\" but still this franchise is usually very good and precise. Widdly Scuds can definitely be obtained here.
This place is tiny and adorable.   \nI almost always get the pad thai and spring rolls.
This place could be super cool, if only they knew how to make coffee. The location is great, the layout is super fun and the music selection was fantastic. Unfortunately the coffee was mediocre at best so I will not be returning.
The food here is amazing and is so worth the price. The best filet I've ever had in my life and the mac n cheese is to die for. This is a great romantic restaurant to celebrate birthdays and anniversaries. Highly recommend!
Great place. Awsome dirty martini. Love the burger au pois II . And the friendliest staff. Joe is great bartender. Sitting on the patio in the spring is great.
Is it me, or did the prices go way up on donuts? .99 per donut??\nAlso, The jelly ones are alot smaller.\n\nService always good when I go, just LIVID with the price increase, Krispy Kreme here I come!
I took my car here to fix my manual clutch, but decided to have someone else fix it after being quoted $1000 less from another shop. The customer service here is HORRIBLE and the people are extremely rude...so rude that I would have paid more to have it fixed somewhere else just to avoid being talked down to.
Nice employees. Of course while mixing in my own cream, I spilled my iced coffee all over the place. They let me keep what I had left (which was 3/4 off the drink) and made me A whole new drink. I will definitely be coming back.
The food was excellent. Salsa is great and portions will not let you down. The owners and employees are very friendly.
Slow service. Food is subpar nowhere near top quality sushi. Wouldn't go back.  Sumo sushi 2 waaaaaaay better
Crispy thin crust, and fresh flavorful ingredients.  Very highly recommended if you want a good quality pizza.
Can't go wrong with their IPA!
Not the best chipotle location!  They give you small portions compared to other locations. And when you call them on it they get all butt hurt. I'm a fan of chipotle but  not a fan boy that thinks chipotle could do no wrong.
Amazing bone in short rib. Tender, fall off the bone, melt in your mouth meat. Absolute must try! \nService was great too! Can't wait to come back again!
Arrived on a Saturday night for my 8:30pm reservation and it took an hour to receive my food. This would be understandable if the restaurant was busy but it was not. Food is overpriced and the quality  quality was poor. I will never come back
The wife and I went to Ritas a couple of months ago and let me tell you its gooood. Will come back for sure. O and thanks to Erin that made our time there awesome.
The only reason this gets 2 stars is because my kids love this place. The pizza is Terrible. The games pretty crappy and run down many of them not working properly.  Why can't places for kids serve better quality food?
Annie was terrific and saw to it that we got our unit very quickly and made sure we received our military discount. The security, service, and overall professionalism are a few reasons I loved this place.
Avocado egg rolls WIN! Pizza is ok.
The pho is amazing taste just like it should I would give a five but the music playing is always foreign they do have a nice big screen but are never playing anything good put on sports or at least fox or cnn and it would be five stars also the waitress is very personal and friendly
Meh, food is pretty average. Not to mention they were closed by the health department at one point in time. Pretty disappointing.
Soup was hot, fresh & oh so yummy and the service was fast & friendly. I'm glad we found this place!
This is the worst Ross in Charlotte! They don't have a maternity section. Attitudes suck. Very unprofessional. No thanks!
Burger was good, but the size of the bun is a bit to much for a single. The fries were very tasty, seasoned to perfection. Great selection of Soda's and a good variety of items on the menu. Seating was a bit limited. Overall a cool little place to have a quick bite.
Had an amazing meal last night at this wonderful restaurant. Ask for Danny and get fantastic service!
the fruit blends with boba and the almond milk tea are oh sooo yummy! the toast with sugar is sinfully good the only reason why they get 3 stars is because the service is so so.
Amazing! Order the sashimi tuna/salmon bowl and beef ribs. I love the staff's attitude and the food is well priced. I will be back! There was a line, but it went pretty fast for 2. I would not bother with a big group, since it could take longer. But for 2, it's great!
Juices are good but customer service (online and in person) sucks.\nAlso not a fan of plastic bottles. Kinda goes against the entire concept of healthy eating.
Looked like a mom and pop place. Tried it for the first time and it was good Mexican food. I had a beef torta and bean and cheese burrito. Price is cheap and reasonable.
The selection is pretty vast -- European, upscale specialty brands (up to $24 for a 3 oz bar!), bulk malt balls in 3 flavors that are wonderful, house-brand hot chocolate mix, and lots more. It's fun just to browse around and know all these choices exist.
Worst service ever!! dispatchers are rude and cabs have a tendency to \"no show\"
Love this place.. Everyone is very nice. I love the curry here, and my Mother loves the ramen. I will gladly drive from Downtown to eat here. After lunch, you can run to Walgreens just across the way.  How can you not like a place called Fukumimi?! Lol!
They helped me but not really. I was asking about my a/c unit and they kinda were confused or something. Or maybe I was either way i did not get the right answers or products.
Threw my 31st birthday party here and it was amazing.  Our suite was roughly 1500 sq/ft.  Enough to rock 27 of my friends.  Hotel is beautiful.  While some things can be updated, its a nice hotel to stay in.
Our experience at the foundation was very disappointing. The waitress was rude, the food was very over priced. The room was dark and overbearing. The only good thing was the view.
This is a great location, especially when the weather is nice and you can sit outside.  Their food is flavorful, fresh and unique.  Great wine list and a fun ambiance.
Delicious coffee, reasonable prices.  They have an other location in Siebel Center.
Not as nice as the one in Springfield, IL but its nice.
Went back for the fried icecream - but that was all I was interested in. Everything else I could make better in the comfort of my own kitchen.\n\nNote that it wasn't cheap since they no longer have half off but instead a lower priced late night menu.
They will add extra charges to your bill that are crazy. They steal, damage your car and take zero responsibility! Read the reviews, they are all bad! Go anywhere else but here!
You just can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The 7353 club is definitely my favorite, but every other meal I've seen or tried has been to die for. The atmosphere alone is worthy of 5 stars. I wish it was easier to get to... but that is the beauty of this diamond in the rough.
After 39 yrs of life, this is the one place I would come to for breakfast or brunch every day if I could! It has the view, the food, the service and Madison is the best Midwestern city and I'm not even from there but will definitely be going back.
The best tortillas this side of the border. \nGreen chili was very good, with a little kick but not too much\nPrice and service we good.\nThe place was super busy but kept clean and kept em moving.
Delicious! Great service! Nice ambiance and AMAZING prime rib!!
super bomb!!\nfeels like the one in cali!\nreally love the shrimp + whole shebang flavor!!
easily one of my fav burger joints ever, you can never go wrong with animal style double double and fries, with their thick chocolate shakes. yum
I've been here for brunch a few times. The service in my most recent visit was particularly good, our waitress was hilarious and seemed to really enjoy her job. The food is nothing to get excited about, but they do have an all day brunch menu so you can get pancakes after your 4pm nap :).
Authentic Italian cappucinos, always from a friendly face. Great spot to pop in for your coffee if you live on/along Leith Walk.
Food was priced great! Food and desert were beyond excellent. Even got a private miriachi performance on sunday evening. Highly reccommended!!!
Nice place to hang out and grab some food and drink.  I like to sit at the bar.  My favorite is the hot chick chicken sandwich.  I love their skinny crispy fries.
Rubios food is always great, but this was the worst experience i've had.  This was the worst service and most disorganized Rubios i have ever been to.  Will never go back to this store.  30 mins waiting in store after call in order. Unacceptable.
It's tough living in Charlotte. If you have to check a bag it usually takes the bag longer to make it from the airplane to baggage claim than it takes to fly it from MEM to CLT - must be the highly efficient union labor...
What the crack. No.\n\nFood was not only unmemorable, but ridiculously priced and not delicious at all.\n\nI am not sure why we wasted our money and time here when there are so many better Las Vegan restaurants here.\n\nBe gone!
Ok I went here last night, the staff was very nice. However... Myself and my girlfriend both got sick from the chicken, been in the bathroom all day, and she was on there all night lol, be warned....
My experience here was horrible. The water for my pedicure was cold and the eye brow wax was less than thorough. Also, they only accept cash tips which caught me by surprise. I will not be returning.  \n\nIf anyone out there has a great nail place, I'd like to know.
The spa is a bit out dated. The men's locker room was not very well maintained. Trash bins overflowed with cups and trash, the sink basin needed cleaning and supplies needed to be restocked. \n\nNot a fan and unless I have free pass I likely won't be going there again.
Cancelled my reservation after they did a bait and switch on the room rate.  Had a confirmed reservation made weeks ago at $93 per night then yesterday received an email upping the rate to $109.  I assumed it was a hoax and informed the hotel but they confirmed that they had erred in the original rate and were now upping it.
The comedians were fabulous both times I've  been there, the food good, and the staff was far more friendly and attentive than any other club I've been to here in town.  I'm a fan, and will be back.  (Oh the new burgers are to die for!!)
Any deli shop in AZ that has capicola ham deserves some stars.  They have a good selection of sandwiches and chips.  Just shows how much Subway is losing it brand when these spots are popping up and you come in and leave very refreshed that there are better options
We eat here at least once a week. The service is awesome and the food is always good.
I really appreciate good coffee and I don't mind paying for a superior cup. The coffee at JPH is good, but I'm always surprised at how expensive it is for what you get. It's one of the few coffee shops where no matter what you get, you're paying more than you should.
Fine substitute for ipecac.  \n\nAvoid at all costs: this is the worst of all airport food.  Anything looks delicious and reasonably priced after you've eaten Manchu Wok.
The donuts are the reason to go to Dunkin Donuts - the service is kinda slow :(  use the Dunkin app for discounts! I have received free donuts because the employees don't now how to use the app on the registar
Was looking forward to going here but ended up being disappointed. Had the barbacoa  burrito which was really runny and the seasoning on it I did not care for. The atmosphere was nice though.
It happens to all of us...the moment you know it is time to find a new person to cut your hair! Well, I found her. Go see DIANNE AUSTIN, the sweetest person ever, listened to how I wanted my hair cut and it was perfect. Did I say that I am picky!
I usually stop in here when I go to Bookman's - they are next door neighbors. Atomic Comics always has neat stuff to look at, even if you don't know a whole lot about comics (like me). They usually have neat and fun anime, manga, posters and toys. I even own a sword or two from here.
The chicken fingers taste just like it does at other Raising Cane's. Fresh food and french fries and the sweet tea. Friendly staff BUT they need to stay on top of keeping the tables clean because i had to wipe down my own table.
Tasty BBQ in the heart of Plaza Midwood. This place will really be awesome when they open their top deck. I had the pulled pork which was very tasty. I liked their Midwood BBQ sauce. Next time I will try the ribs.
Old school steakhouse nice little setup at Circus Circus. The primerib was pretty good, gobbled up all my mashed potatoes. Waiter was pretty friendly and classy, they even threw in a free slice of cake 4 my fiancees birthday dinner. Prices are abit high but portions are generous.
Came here to buy a business pad and some thank you cards. I found everything quite easily and everything was reasonably priced. Not a bad place to get those things you don't want in bulk. Friendly staff.
The pizza crust was paper thin, and the pizza wasn't seasoned very well.  I thought the pricing was a bit high for the quality of food.  Definitely not a Grimaldi's quality pizza.  I doubt I'll come back.
Gordos is great food for the price. The staff is very friendly and accomudating. They're breakfast burritos are as good as anyone in the area. For me it all starts with the tortilla and they have quality tortillas. I also like that they have a salsa bar.
I have used completely clean for several years for my cars and company trucks and they are fabulous always on time and will work on meeting me were my trucks or cars  are even at last minute to get them cleaned Thank you
What a great event.  A great place to look at cars and people.  Try to get into the opening night gala for a real treat.
I only really like one flavor.  Im not very original.  I get the oreo cream filling with oreos mixed in.  Its also good with chocolate shavings.
I always have great service here. Today the drive through was running a little slowly and - without any complaint from me - they gave me my drink free to say sorry. How could I not be pleased with this proactive gesture?
Pathetic. Came to see ice cube at midnight. Still 130 am. Pathetic. Get over yourself C class ice cube... Ice cube has melteddddd... Get over yourself dude
awesome if you have a table, too crowded if you dont. service is great and the music is good. wicked loud and smokey
Holy eff I am gonna get started writing a review about this shit hole. Do not waste your time on this palce. Everytime you ask for something it is like a problem.
1 out of our group of 6 would order their food again. The food is okay/adequate. I would not come back to the restaurant unless I was extremely hungry. We were split on 2 stars or 3 stars. Cool decor. We waited for everything just a bit longer than you should have...
This place is awesome!! So many salsas to choose from!! If you want a taste of authentic Mexican food... Come here!!!
Didn't get served for the 20 minutes I sat at the table, the menu is very short and overpriced for what it described although I couldn't speak of the quality due to not getting served
We are sitting here for almost 2 hours with no food!  i guess something is amiss in the kitchen.  I would not recommend this restaurant currently.  good luck!
The front desk staff is rude and in no way shape or form is this a place you want to stay.
Best restaurant ever. Really. I love it.
I eat at the peppermill almost once a week - I would give the food 3 stars because it is average all around. The atmosphere gets 5 stars and makes it a must visit when coming in to Las Vegas. Stop in have a drink and share your meal with a friend!
Positively, absolutely terrible food!  My husband and I were sick for several days after eating there.  Bathrooms were horrible, floors dirty, and employees very unfriendly!  Unless you are in the mood to lose a little weight the hard way, stay away from this place!
Best fast food chicken I have ever had...super cheap and filling. My meal was 3 pieces of chicken, fries, damn good toast and a drink. All for less than $6. Can't beat that!
Been here 3 times now. Food, beer and band always an A+  New waitress, Sarah is very good too!
great team,
Great location, OLD sucky rooms.\n\nPaper thin walls, sleepless nights as party people and tacky couples who yell at 4am broke my slumber.  \n\nPASS.... vacation is suppose to be fun for all, NO fun if one cannot sleep.
Very nice ambiance and service is really nice. The food pretty normal although I think their babaganoush is perfect here. Not overly tangy and the meats are cooked perfectly.
Great place to meet up with friends and have a bite or drink.  It's your typical sports bar food.  We haven't tried their Specials yet, so will post again after that experience.
This is Vietnamese food for North Scottsdale white folks who have never had Vietnamese food before.\n\nIt's a fast food style place that gives you food with very little flavor and tells you to start adding sriracha and oyster sauce util it starts to taste good.\n\nReally really bad.
The meat is bbq less. Who wants to add sauce to their own bbq...not me. It was 3 star worthy. The fries & beans were just ok. Will I return maybe.
Thrifty's ice cream AND fresh baked cookies? I just died and went to sweet tooth heaven! \n\nI've been here about 4 times, and by far my favorite combination is birthday cake ice cream with snickerdoodle cookies. Just the right amount of birthday to make anyone snicker!
This place sucks and wouldn't come back even if all expenses were paid. Room was dirty upon arrival. Door latches missing. Tub plug was broken. Customer service was about as good as a burger king
It's a Subway. Nothing more, nothing less. Nice that it's open 24 hours. Staff is always friendly. Never had a bad experience.
Nice place to hang out. Great dessert. Pastry Chef is from Japan and she made great dessert. Very friendly staffs. Open late. Had wine collection.  Very clean.  Would come back again.  $19 for 3 courses dessert. Same plaza as Raku restaurant
Lamb was excellent.  Seems like there is a large take out business, but they do have wait staff.
We went here twice during our last visit in April. service was good. burgers big and fries, there were plenty. they have a combo that is 14.95 for a burger fries and a drink, cant beat that. plus you get a big dill pickle!
Great fun place! We got the groupon deal so it was $26 for 2 laps. Came here with some fan and had tons of fun! Employees were very friendly. They gave us tips for first timers as well. I will definitely be coming here again
Wow...this place is good!   A friend of mine and I shared the braised short rib pizza.  It was delicious.  The staff was very friendly and the restaurant had a cozy feel to it.
Nothing special about this place, I've been to much better brunch places. Too noisy, less than average customer service, prices are above average specially that they don't offer anything special. the taste of food is similar or less to any regular brunch place
I have been dreaming about the cupcakes and cookies that I bought the other day.  I am making another trip here very shortly as should you!
Very cool trendy place. Came here for drinks after dinner and really enjoyed it. Very good service and really cool ambiance.
Good food, awesome atmosphere with terrific views!!!!!
This buffet was great few years ago but it looked tired this time. Sushi was not even that good of a selection and it was just okay. Disappointed!
LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! staff is hilarious.  the food is wonderful.  must go for brunch on the weekends
Love Cibo!  Always on the look out for great tasting food mixed in with a little (or a lot) of ambiance.  In a word- yum!
Amazing service. Max is the greatest. Management is attentive and took very good care of us. I will be coming back to try the pork belly ramen soup!
meh...........as a native Pittsburgher, I think this place is trendy and overpriced.  I'd rather go to Penn Brewery at the bottom of Troy Hill.
Andrew Doleman was my salesman and he was outstanding! Didn't pressure is into anything and we were in and out quick! Very enjoyable experience purchasing my first new car!
I have been coming here for 12 years!  There is a reason I will only come here. Don always is polite and the shop is always clean and welcoming.  Sonny has been my nail tech for years and does a wonderful job everytime.  I always recommend the salon when someone asks where to go.
long long wait even though they weren't very busy. the staff and doctor was very kind
excellant wine choices, have not tried the pasta or homemade gnocchi, but it looked great.\n\nthe pizza is very soft, amost undercooked.  But that is what makes it great.\n\nnice outdoor seating
Another good meal at Mitchell's \nNot many options for seafood in south hills
Food sucks, horrible service, won't ever eat here again, took almost two hours to get food!!!
The bagels are really fresh here. I got the 6 cheese bagel toasted with cream cheese. So good! The coffee is really good here too. Staff is very friendly. Will come back next time we are in town!
expensive, you betcha! But a solid place nonetheless.  Beer selection is random (don't expect bud or coor's here!) and not worth the 8 bucks per. But overall you cant go away upset with the grub.
Great value. Nice people. The Yelp profile makes it look like they specialize in crazy hair styles but they do standard cuts too. The neck shave was particularly nice. Only reason I didn't give it five stars was because their magazine selection wasn't very family friendly but otherwise, this is a great place.
This had always been my favorite Applebee's. Consistently good perfect margaritas, quick seating, great Happy Hour!
Excellent selection and value!  They take the time to quality check what is set out and care about presentation and overall appearance.  A++
Horribly disappointed in the Banh Mi Ba Le special.  I used to come here a lot until they went cheap on the sandwich. The meat were sliced so thin you can see through them.  I get pissed off everytime I open my sandwich and all I see is veg and jalapenos. Dakao, I quit you.
Wow, get your shit together.1 hour for an iced tea and a lunch bowl? Seriously!! Thanks for wasting my lunch hour!
When you fail a customer (e.g. showing up 40 minutes and not even taking the the time to call) the first thing you should say is \"I'm sorry\" not go on a rant about how bad the customer is. Thank you for proving my point.
Good food, Large selection, Wide variety.  Busy location.  Attentive staff. I think we would return if in the area again. The cleanliness could use some attention however it was a very busy time.
Every interaction with employees was terrible. $15 Wells. Horrible DJ. Only thing that saved our night was leaving and hitting up chateau. Avoid unless you have free entry AND drinks...free cover alone is not reason enough to waste your Vegas evening.
Don't stay here. I asked for the Casino manager to help resolve an issue and he treated me horrible and made me feel unwanted. Never had such terrible customer service. Worst hotel ever. Don't waste your money.
Best late night food ever.. Menudo is always good and the beans omg..
A little pricey for breakfast but SOOO with it!  You need to go and try the french toast log, it is big enough to split between two people.
This place is a Solid B.  As a guy from KC I feel qualified to say they have great BBQ.  Those rolls and brisket are really good.  The place is a pretty nice restaurant and I hate nice BBQ places.  The prices are pretty high and truthfully you could do better for less money.
Horrible.  So disappointed.  The food was old and tasted like cafeteria food.  Even the crab legs tasted off.  I am one to always try something once always give it a second chance, but I'm breaking my own rule and saying STAY AWAY!!!!
I returned for my second visit and was even more impressed. This time there was no wait and Lynette counseled me on skin care for almost 1/2 hour. She mentioned she will be moving into her own office in a few weeks. The new address will be 7506 E Monterey Way, Scottsdale 85251.
Nice ambience, reminded me somewhat of PF changs. Although kona was asian fusion, I decided to just stick with plain old sushi and rolls. It was mediocre, but I'm still eager to come back again next time to try out their other menu!
I have only gotten delivery from here before but every time I am impressed. The people who take my order are great and the food is always hot when it arrives. The pizza is the best by far that I have had since living in Arizona. The calzones are also fantastic!
Love the food, the service and everything about this place. The servers and staff were great and the wine awesome...  Try to book early to get the window seats which are facing the Bellagio fountains.
I was here for a private dinner party and it was one of the best meals I had in my life. The food, service and ambiance were perfect. The views were also amazing. After dinner, go upstairs to the lounge!
Very pleasantly surprised.  Granted, my friends and I stopped by just for a light lunch, so we didn't have any entrees.  But the eggplant parm appetizier, garlic bread and panzanella salad were superb!
While visiting the market and other stores around, me and a buddy grabbed a sandwich at this amazing sub shop. We got the special, had some kind of mystery meat in it, all kinds of fresh veggies, and by surprise! it was very tasty. Would like to explore more of the items in the store, I will definitely come back!
Don't go in near closing time. Had to repeat my order twice to several people only to find that they missed pieces of it when I got home. Frustrated. All I really wanted was a salad and they couldn't give me my vinaigrette.
One of the worse Indian food I have ever tried. I ordered Lamb Josh and the lamb was not well cooked and lamb biryani was also a big failure. Who the hell puts water chestnut in lamb biryani. The taste was also terrible. Will never go back :(
love it! Great place for lunch.
Everyone was very nice here. Quick to help and on time with appointments; no waiting here very organized. I was alone and on crutches they brought the paper work to me and my CD of x- rays when finished. In and out in less then  1 hour.\n\nPay cash and get deep discount!
Friendly comfortable and food was great. Would have given 5 stars if they had wine or beer, but they said they were working on that.
we waited for about 45 min after ordering... that was the bad part. but it was very very good. we had the sausage thing with the ragu sauce on it.. never had crepe like that before. expensive... but well worth it.
The massage by Stacy was excellent but beware. The staff is not at all accomodating when it comes to setting appointments.
This is by far the BEST Chipotle location ever. I go here often. The staff are always friendly. They talk and carry conversations with me every time. This location is quick and clean. I could not ask for a better location!!!
Nice Location.  Utterly forgettable food.  Insanely slow service.  The place was slow and the waiters just could not have cared less about our group.  Sort of unreal.
So this is on the first floor and Moon on the second?  I'm still trying to piece last Friday night together.
The food was soooo good. We got a pizza and a sandwich. The pizza was so delicious I ate almost the whole thing myself. After that we got a crape with nutela. This is a must get. Definitely going here again.
Place ain't to bad.  Reminds me if sheetz back in Virginia.  Has food to order and pretty friendly staff.
Having eaten Mediterranean food all my life this is bad food for the price. There are other better Mediterranean joints around this place that's for sure.
Whoever answered the phone is rude! She seemed like she couldn't WAIT to be fired. Anyway, the pizza is pretty good. The chicken strips are really good. Not sure that I  would order from here again because of the rude attitude.
We have used this florist a number of times over the past few years and have always been highly satisfied with the quality and prices of their work.
Love this place. A wide variety of different homemade gelato flavors made by the owner. Not as rich as Italian Gelato. I don't don't really like rich so this is perfect. Staff is polite & very helpful.
Book with Daniel!\n\nFirst, let me clarify that I have never had a bad massage here with anyone; they have always been good. Daniel is just extremely good at what he does! I hear more and more people request him and he's the reason I keep my membership. You won't be disappointed!
This place is only packed and busy because tourists are directed here for Chinese food....\n\nStay away, greasy and not that great.\n\nService sucks ass too... took 15 minutes before anyone came by to take our order.\n\nBah.
I made my account just to tell you how horrible the food is. It is no way deserving of 4 stars. Best thing I had during my meal was the coke from the fountain machine. Terrible carne asada and at $13 a meal you're better off eating anywhere else.
Your typical burger joint. Nothing really fantastic, but the prices were affordable and the food was good. Nothing to rave about but our waiter was very nice and accommodating, and the restaurant itself is quite nice.
Welcome to crackville! My car got broken into 5 times over the 2 years I lived there. The owners are total jerks ... you can kiss your security deposit goodbye! My AC went out both summers I was there.\n\nStay away ... stay far, far away!
By far the worst casino in the valley.  The bar tender was so rude. Im there 2 hours and not a single person asked if i want coffee or soda. Slots are super tight. In my opinion. .not worth the drive.
Too many restaurant gaffes in one night. Forgotten drinks, dry fish, cold tacos that needed to be reheated, lemons instead of limes, that sort of thing. Meh.
We had read about this restaurant on the chowhound board and decided to give it a try.  We ordered 3 pastors and 1 pollo.  Though the tortillas are on the small size, they are delicious and filled to overflowing
Really friendly people. Good food at a great price. Pastries are a must! Very European feel. Still could work out a few kinks (person making our sandwich was asking questions very loudly about how to make it) but overall great place to grab a bite before a movie!
Service is really good. Hot waitresses. Nachos are good. Hostess are friendly. The place is cool. It's an old bank.
I know it's not the trendiest club in Vegas, however the views are great and the staff is extremely friendly. If it's your first time in Vegas- check it out for the view.
In spite of Yelps dubious practices of filtering all the other bad reviews for this place, the owner who caused it to dive in the dumps is gone, and have high hopes for the new one.
Mexican restaurants that charge for chips and salsa make this fatty sad. :(\n\nThe real tragedy is that the chips seemed to be served to rich patrons in giant margarita glasses, and that looked really fun.
Course was in terrible shape. Paid $30 to hit off dirt fairways. Don't waste your time at this course.
The service is good but I would not recommend this place. Bacon was cold, eggs tasted weird. The drinks taste watered down, next time baby stacks cafe forsure!
Soooo many options! But I'm not surprised, since it's Ichiza's sister. Obviously not as great as ichiza, but it's quick and simple! Perfect for a quick authentic Japanese lunch!
Stopped in for a late breakfast--midweek.  There were plenty of seats so the wait was not an issue. Service was prompt and friendly.  Quite frankly the food was average.  I would go to Pamela's before here anytime.
Great pizza, crust is perfect, not too thin or thick. Sauce is simple (other place put too much or too little). Staff is always friendly and helpful!
The atmosphere is good and I love the condiment bar.  Real potential kinda place. BUT the burgers are too thin and lack seasoning. The burgers were also seriously over cooked.  We asked for medium but got well done. Very disappointed as I was really hoping to find a great burger place.
Horrible experience. The free drink was a half drink the food was gross and the service was awful. Wings were dry and gave cs massive diarrhea and the nachos \" were actually and also gave cs massive diarhea DO NOT GO!!!!
Just to let you know - Restaurant El Morocco no longer exists. They sold the restaurant, making it no longer Kosher, and eventually it closed it doors.\n\n(It's too bad, since there are no longer Kosher restaurants downtown)
Terrible experience. Ordered congee, cuz I saw the table next to me having it, but later the waitress told me that there was no more congee. Waited more than 30 minutes for the food to come. It was 9 in the morning...not a lot people...
Probley one of the worst fish tacos I've ever had fish was dry,this was a to go order no fork included window server barley Congenial
Yuk. Honestly...besides the sake, what a disaster. Even the edamame was in edible. I went there a couple years back and it was delicious. Not sure what happened but definitely go somewhere else. Horrible.
Grade A white bread \"Mexican\" food
This place is usually good but today not so good! Order Pho' and I can say literally swimming in fat oil. My mouth feels like it has so much grease that a cup of water and hot tea cannot take away. On a positive note the service is great and the staff is friendly.
I would give it 4 stars if they would use the Air Conditioner.  With all of the soda combinations and solid burgers what's not to like.  It's hard to enjoy your food when it's so dang hot inside.  I will return when the temps come back down.
The mirza faranghe was wonderful! Great salad with fresh herbs.  I'd go back just for the Turkish coffee.
Walk thru the doors strip side and the Casino smells like a sewer. I can't even stand the smell to gamble or even imagine ordering a drink. Good luck, you need announce a public explanation. OMG.
Great place to hangout. Food is not bad. I had the Kale Caesar which was not as flavorful as I expected. The starters are very delicious. The atmosphere is a 4 star if you are looking for a casual dining experience with a flair.  Does have a bat and outside patio that's fun.
Pretty bad atmosphere. I have been waiting for 30 minutes with 8 other people to sit at a 3 dollar 6-5 blackjack table and they won't open another table or even a $5 table.
I love how you're able to order drinks, get cheap tickets on groupon, and eat food while watching your movie! The seats are super comfortable and they can turn into love seats if you're there with your significant other. Love this theater and try to go see as much movies as possible there!
I probably won't be returning to this salon for my nails again. The girl who did them made them way too thin and one of them broke before I even left her chair. I went in with a photo of what I wanted and she just didn't deliver. Wouldn't recommend for gels or acrylics.
I have been coming here for a couple years now, live locally and stopped in today to see the new lunch menu with prices that are outrageously expensive.  I am a customer that supports this restaurant throughout the year. Why are you price gouging us? Where is the chicken Cesar salad?
Very dated but clean. Fine for a one night stop on road trip. Free coffee in morning & cookies at night. Bathroom tiny!
Pink Taco has great ambience, and a cool vibe.  The menu consists of mainly bar food- comparable to upscale Chevy's maybe, you don't go here for the great food but the drinks are awesome- the Sangria was my drink of choice.  Fun place for happy hour or to people watch with your friends.
First off I don't like giving a negative comment, but feel a need to on the replacement food vendor Tres Ole.\nThe previous Mexican food restaurant was wonderful. Mgmt should close current vendor--it's an embarrassment. Enough said don't be fed @ Tres Oles.
Horrible place. The service sucks!! The wings are not even that good. We tried all the sauces and they sucked! They tasted like they came out of a jar. I do not recommend for foodies. Just like a chain. Two thumbs down!
I was at this location And I have never waited longer for three cars to to be served. Molly the attendant was so slow I wanted to kill myself
Food here is ok. Balcony seats are nice. Had the shrimp and crab nachos, they were good. Ordered the surf and turf tacos...sounded good but were no good. Great tequila selection and margaritas
The facility was gorgeous and the staff were extremely friendly! I enjoyed myself and the Travelzoo was icing on the cake!!!
This bar has amazing drinks! They have anything but ordinary drinks on their menu which is a nice change! There's a beautiful view from the rooftop!
It's steep so you get some good exercise going up the Playfair Steps. The Assembly towering up is very impressive and you can see down over the Scottish National Gallery and Princes Street. I really hate it in the winter when it's icey though.
Great flatbreads and atmosphere
Great BBQ!!!
Nothing special. Not sure why so many great reviews. Went here for an anniversary dinner and regretted it. 2 for 1 Asahi was good and that's about it.
Best hummus ever!  Disappointed with falafel.  Yummy watermelon salad.
I think its a  little over  priced.anyways besides that the surf n turf burrito is really good.
Slightly better than you would expect walking in...slightly. I'd go back though the club and chili are decent
pretty good
Say hello to my little friend! Food was good, staff was friendly, and Thai hot is THAI HOT. YUM! I have had spicy basil fried rice that is pretty good at other establishments that would give this place a run for the money but I am not complaining! Give it a try!!
Won't come back here... These people are incompetent... Over two weeks for alterations that still haven't been done.. Made me wait Despite coming before a regular.... I'll give one star because at least the lady was nice
This long-standing family-run establishment is as safe a bet as can be: tasty Greek food at a reasonable price on popular Duluth avenue.
The TSA guy that screens bags was an ASS to me!!  He was a darn grouch and he threw my bags onto the belt and threw the containers to the side!  I was sooo angry and wanted to yell at him for acting that way with my stuff!
really good mexican food at a decent price.\nreminds me of senior taco... gotta love the horchata fountain and chilaquiles
It wasn't as busy and the service was good, I got the club sub, but just wasn't feeling the sub. I just thought it was ok. Nothing good or bad, just right there with mediocre.
We stopped by for lunch today to try this place out! We are huge pizza lovers!! My husband is from New York & is very picky about his pizza but to our surprise this place was incredible!! Definitely our new local place!!  Highly recommend trying it!!!
The Shave Shack had a booth at the \"Ohana Festival\" at The Springs Preserve - first time I had tired it. I'm so hooked! It was amazing!
Your prices suck and your selection is not much better. Not hard to see why Amazon is eating your lunch. Good riddance were it not for relatives gifting giftcards I wouldn't even bother with you.
We went with a large group from work on two different occasions. We called ahead and made reservations and both times the tables were not ready when we arrived. We also got poor service and it took forever to get our drinks, food and tabs. It was really disappointing.
This sushi is trying to hard. Apparently people only like this place because it's \"trendy\". We ordered the best two rolls and they were basically overpriced shitty California rolls compared to the decently priced and delicious sushi that we experience in Houston, TX.
If you are looking for real authentic Italian food this is the place to go! I have been eating here for the last five years and it truly the best Italian food around Arizona. I swear you won't be disappointed.
I've tried Dozen multiple times, but have been disappointed each time.  The cupcakes here are just bland and dry.
Even being someone that is not familiar with Venezuelan food, I have always been amazed by Viva Las Arepas. The price is amazing and the food is exotic. The location is probably the best part about this place too being very central to Vegas but not flooding and after you eat you cannot pass up Art of Flavors next door.
So glad we can now eat grass fed and hormone free meats from humanely raised cows, pigs, and chickens. Yummm...\n\nhttp://www.chipotle.com/en-us/fwi/animals/animals.aspx
Hmmm, the sign outside Cyprus in Chandler says they open at 11, so why did they open at noon today?  Screwed up my date and so we ran over to Grimaldi's instead.
.25cents wings & beef nachos! Bring it!!! Get your players card!  I gave this place 2 stars because the service wasnt good at all and the food was ok. I can microwave food too and serve it. Not a fan of the hotel. Kinda ghetto and the elevator is real slow.
good place to cool off and have a better than average chicken bowl. better than casino food.
We went with another couple for restaurant week. The food  was excellent in both presentation and taste. Service was  attentive and timely without being obtrusive. We travel widely and eat at many higher end restaurants where Spoon would hold  its own. My wife and I look forward to returning with more friends.
I was totally wrong in this review and should have made a second trip to PBD before reviewing. \n\nI now really really love their donuts especially the maple bacon, i am now a very good customer. \n\nThey have very creative and super tasty donuts anyone would love.
A great atmosphere and a huge sitting area unlike the Old Town location. The protein bowls are a great place to start if you haven't been here before. Their pressed juices are also great. I'd suggest the kale cleanse. If you are there before noon the breakfast burritos are my favorite.
When with family, shopping in Caesar's Forum this is the perfect choice!\nThe service excellent! As always in a Cheesecake Factory.\nAnyone can find something they like on this giant menu! The food rock solid, not amazing, never terrible, but consistently good!
This used to be a Wild Oats around 5 years ago so, this location is still having an identity crisis.  It's smaller than the other Whole Foods I've been to, however, it's close to the office.  It's in the same complex as Yogurt-land.  The staff are nice though.
The best ice cream I've ever had.\nIt's made on location, and you can taste it. Thrifty ice cream is garbage in comparison. \nGreat customer service, try as many flavors as you'd like!\nWill be back, SOON.
Took my new rescue dog here for shots and was very happy with the service.  The prices are very fair, nice staff, clean office- can't ask for anything more.  Thanks for taking good care of my dog!
Terri-bowl! 25 minute wait for a $10  half-filled bowl with undercooked hard rice, some beans and 4 shrimp. Will not be back. Chipotle is a much better choice!
I have been at quite a few BBQ restaurants (originally from the south.) I found it be pretty decent! I have the pulled pork; it wasn't dry, the BBQ sauce was really good! It reminded me of the BBQ place I would go to back home. I would recommend this place!
My Bbq pulled pork sandwich was yummy.  The other 3 in our party said the burgers were not seasoned, needed salt.
Pretty sure I'm not invisible, but appear to be to the Friday night crew at this particular KFC. Stood there for what seemed to be an eternity, then left to go to Popeyes. \n\nShould have known better, this location is just aweful. Should rename themselves KFuC.
I hate to bring up a competitor in a review but this place just makes me long for a Harkins. No sweet collector cups, no free popcorn shirts, a most often too dirty theater, underwhelming seats, kids everywhere, expensive tickets, no student discounts, I come here when I have to, that's it.
Thoroughly enjoyed our cozy lunch.
I don't understand why the off strip \"local\"casinos do not have any deals for locals. Its $ 10 per person if you at not staying at the hotel to enter the pool. Last summer we got in free on several occasions so I'm not sure what changed. Too bad
I ordered a poker chip cake for a birthday and the cake looked fantastic! It was also really really delicious. Probably the best red velvet i've had. If you go to vegas, take that drive to this bakery and try their goods!
Went here today and not only is the ambiance nice there staff much friendlier then any bake shop
I really like this bakery !! The prices are super friendly and the service is excellent - what else to ask for? Such a nice, cozy place that you must try if you live nearby :)
Can never go wrong. Parking is kinda hard sometimes. No big issues. It's close so we stop by often.
This is for the miserable excuse for a cafe and it's glum staff. The most depressed tuna melt I have eaten in my life.
The best fried calamari in Surprise! Delish pizza! Consistent quality and service, never have been disappointed since we moved here in June!
It' where you should go to buy and sell games.  Avoid Gamestop and the other chains.  Keep this guy in business.  He isn't always able to buy your stuff, so call ahead of time if you have something specific to sell.
I've never been a guest at this hotel, but I will give it a decent ranking just for the Chihouly Ceiling of Glass Flowers in the main lobby. The ceiling is worth seeing and sitting there gazing at it from one of the brown velvet couches is FREE.
Very nice gyro. Fries were a bit generic. They have delicious tira misu! The pizza is OK, not bad, but not fantastic. I'd get the gyros there (very meaty and fresh) and tira misu.
Chicken was dry. Not a large amount of food, the sauce for spaghetti and meatballs was not good either nor was there meatballs. We wait 10 mins for waiter to get refill.
Casino was ok, but the hotel portion wasn't up to par. The sink wasnt draining properly nor was the tub. I won't be back
This place blows. They never have shit & what little they do have is expensive. If it wasn't the ONLY place within walking distance I'd never come to this Shithole. They need to put an AM/PM or a QT around this motherfucker! At least the cashiers are nice.
I just order one soup for take out....it's over price,and the beef was not fresh...and the soup taste nothing....I think I like Vietnamese pho more than Lanzhou noodle..sorry...
Good food horrible service ! Be prepared to wait for a long time busy or not!
If I could, I wouldn't give a star at all! Most employees here only care about themselves and not the customers. I am so upset.
The guy is always friendly and willing to help out did a good job at sizing a ring.
Nice venue. A little narrow. table and walkways are a little tight. mini pools and cabanas are nice. Must wear a bathing suit, no shorts for guys.
Most of their flavors are really good. My fav is the red bean or blueberry. They are also the only place in town that has diamond ice, a must try! Very consistent and very good.
I have eaten here many times and they do not disappoint. Their breakfast burritos are very good and the sauce they give you is amazing. I have eaten over half the items on the menu and it is great every time. The staff is friendly and it is very clean. Definitely a food staple of the the area.
Very Good! Butter Chicken ROCKS! The garlic Nan Bread is super super good too! Very nice staff as well.
Why always such a long wait... ??? And if waiting is forever long, why install those most uncomfortable park bench... Staffs are awful & unhelpful & slow... Really ?
We have had great times on Saturday nites, dancing to country music with a DJ, but are now told \"No More Country except Thursdays\". Bummer.
Closed on Sundays.  Otherwise it's a typical bike shop, one or two guys running the place at a time so if there are more than one or two customers inside you have to wait a while to talk to anyone.
Nice bar for drinks away from the typical Vegas brouhaha. Love the cool vibe, friendly 'tenders, and live music scene.  Downtown is alive and kicking again and this place rocks it!
we ended up sitting in the vip section on the rooftop terrace with a perfect view of this unusual city.  service is excellent but bottles are more expensive than any club i've ever been to.  very segregated clientelle based on ability to pay for own drinks.  good music, nice crowd.
Great place for dry-cleaning the staff is very friendless and the quality of the work is always good. The prices are great if you live in the neighborhood you get convenience and a price that is better than the competition.
never showed up!  do not use this company.
Excellent customer service and delicious food.  Their pizza crust is amazing and service is efficient and friendly for my 30 minute lunch break.  They try y o be environmentally conscious too.  I love supporting awesome local businesses.
I will never go back to this Rite Aid! I had a problem with a very expensive product there and the staff was very rude to me. The assistant manager spoke down to me and treated me like I was stupid. She did nothing to help me or the situation. It was so bad I left in tears and will never go back.
Sushi is average but good happy hour!
When paying $45 for a 10oz. prime rib, I do not expect to be served out of a cart wheeled  to my table. I expect the food to be brought from the kitchen. That really cheapened the experience, IMO.
I had really high hopes for this place and came away slighlty disappointed.  The food is good, but slighlty ovepriced, and nothing really jumps out at you here.  Their management and staff have always been extremely friendly, though.
The waiter was fast and attentive.  However, the food was disgusting.  I ordered the beef brisket sandwich.  It was bone dry and cooked to the point if being like leather.  I ate mid afternoon.  I suspect the meat was under a warming lamp for some hours.
Best variety of fruit / pit / exotic trees, with (hopefully) appropriate chill hours for our region.
This is, hands down, one of my favorite places to go in Charlotte for breakfast. Every time I have been here I have been beyond pleased about my experience. Food, service, atmosphere, prices are all outstanding. I would recommend this place to anyone.
We took some friends from out of town for lunch. What a disappointment. The only good thing was our server. She was very attentive and nice.  Don't go for the food.. Greasy, heavy. Will not go back. There are too many good places in the area.
I stay here whenever I am in town. As a matter of fact, I stay at the M.O. when I am in D.C. as well, but the service here is second to none. The best part about their service is that it is delivered genuine enthusiasm and not forced. A hallmark of excellence.
this place is so good.\n\ni wish they had one of this in 626, i would def come back.\n\n#1 and #2 is good!\n\ntheres a cold dish that looks like noodle jelly, that is delicous.
The next time you can splurge and indulge in carbs, taste their white chocolate walnut bread.  Yes, I inhaled it.  Definitely had to control myself from eating it in one sitting.  Good bread in Las Vegas.  Get there early though before 3pm as their breads fly off the shelves.
While I have family in the area this is the first time staying in the city and I was in the mood for some BBQ. The Double Wide Grill hit the spot. Service was great, food was wonderful. I just wish I had had enough room to finish it all in one sitting. We will definitely be back.
When you just don't feel like cooking, this place is the best.  We love the kung pao shrimp and the kung pao combination.  The corn flower egg drop soup is wonderful.\nThe people there are always very prompt and greet you with a smile.
AMAZING PEOPLE! They provide great services in grooming and boarding, and today they just warmed my heart. They donated their time to help an abandoned dog, on a holiday no less. If your looking for exceptional care and people to groom or board your loved furry friends, Planet Petopia is it!!!!!
eaten here for 10 years, best sushi ever, fair prices and very nice people
Horrible. Brought us the wrong food, didn't even bring our drinks that we ordered so we had them taken off the bill.\nPlus the food wasn't even all that great. They have a lot of unusual combination items that just don't work well together.
Quick service.\nBeef was tasty.\nFries were good.\nBread was nothing special.\nPretty over priced for what you get though. I don't anticipate going back unless I have a coupon or there is some sort of special.
My coworkers and I go to Baja Fresh regularly. They have a clean establishment, good service, great food... and their menu is very friendly for people with allergies!
Kinda greasy, service was prompt but hard to hear (he was a mumbler).  Food wasn't the worst I've had but Habana, Cuba in San Jose, CA set the bar really high and this place didn't come close.  I suppose you could do worse for a hotel restaurant.
I searched on Yelp for \"best pizza in Scottsdale\", and this came up #1.  I thought it was great.  The service was wonderful.  The pizza was great, probably thanks to the wood oven.
When I am having a sugar craving after busting out a gargantuan trail run, I hit this place up. Muffins, cupcakes, all sorts of gluttony inducing items.
This is the BEST place for breakfast or brunch! They seat you quickly even though there is always a crowd. Outdoor and indoor seating. Great bloody's too! Highly recommended!
Got the fish and chips - replaced chips with onion rings.\n\nFluffy and finely spiced, fish was definitely tasty. Good batter. Good take away food.
A good, consistent burger.  Their fries are great!  Kinda pricey...
Clean and polite and punctual. However, after supposedly fixing the furnace, it quit working that evening and they were closed for the weekend.  Had to call in another company who did fix the furnace.  Was still charged full amount by Ray's.
Best fried chicken of all of the supermarket chicken deli's.  Even better than Safeway.  And cheap.  8 pieces for $7.99 normally, and sometimes, when you're lucky, you can get it as low as $4.99 when it's on sale.
meat was not smoked, cooked way too long, so it was basically tasteless mush, sides had little to no flavor.  place was empty, cafeteria feeling, no music, no cheer, just blah....
The portions were huge at a great price.  You have all types of sauces to chose from but the taco entrees were flavorful enough that you didn't need to sauce it up.  \n\nA great casual joint to fill yourself up.
I agree with Aurora's review.  Place is clean and the food is good.  No one here except us.  Waiter is nice.  Can't complain.  Needed to find a place to eat near where we were at.  Feel bad that it was so empty.
Great produce and cheap prices-not to mention friendly staff-could not ask for more!
Good service and nice atmosphere for a \"pizza place.\"  We had the Sicilian style which was done right and not greasy.\n\nGood solid pizza, service and atmosphere - I would eat here again.
Regal Manor Twin you rock!
Dined in twice, food ok, atmosphere good.
too much bread!
We stayed at Tower 3.  The suite was beautiful and provided all the usual luxury amenities similar to other LV resorts.\n\nMy only complaint was that it was a FAR FAR walk to the casino.  I'd recommend staying in towers 1 or 2.
Wow! Their burnt almond torte is a Pittsburgh staple, and the few other things that I've tried from them have been equally delicious! I highly recommend checking out this bakery.
Really quite an amazing risotto, good desserts, nice staff and a really nice atmosphere. Not my first trip here either. So far I have liked everything I have had here.
The only good things about this place are the atmosphere and the bartenders. They've got some cool, friendly bartenders. My food is always wrong, undercooked, or incredibly slow. How does that happen every time?
Great communication, They came out and found my irrigation leak almost immediately. Super nice guys. We will use them again. Highly recommended.
Great food.. would be nice if they threw in a changing table,  but. . The food is amazing
Slim pickings at Mandalay Bay so this place is ok. I at least was able to enjoy tasty food - great seaweed salad and veggie rolls. Sake was decent. I am sure I will be back next year!
I had so much fun! Very nice people and the trail was so peaceful. I would defiantly go again.
Great chorizo breakfast burrito! Frank is a great host and the food is worth the drive no matter where you're coming from!
I tried their rainbow roll few months ago. The fish is pretty much tasteless.
Great Shop!  This guy knows furniture!!!  They custom build furniture to order!!!
Now that Cheers is closed this is one of the last few places that will pour a good shot.  Haven't eaten here in ages so can't comment on that.  Gets darn busy on Friday and Saturday Nights.  Not really my crowd though.
$5.50 for a large soda & NO REFILL!!!!! I get it unlimited refills won't fly but none....not even a discount for a refill???? No sign either??? In case you haven't noticed refills are the industry norm.
Great food, always fresh love to come in and eat with the family\nthey have great breakfast lunch and dinner, sea food is always fresh and the people are great and have the best lunch specials.  Food is unique
I've been here a few times and the service has been hit or miss. Some nights you get the right attention and others not so much. So far I haven't been impressed enough to go out of my way to come here instead of a PT's closer to my house.
Turn down the grill. Our steaks were scorched and tough on the outside. Inside, they were great. That means it was a good piece of meat ruined by an idiot on the grill. At these prices, inexcusable!
Were were waiting for Biscuits to open near Sam's Club.  It was well worth the wait.  The food was delicious, the server was the BEST, and we left there vowing to return soon.
The absolute rudest employees! I will think twice about coming here again!! We have been treated with such disregard two times in a row. I think I'm done!
Probably some of the best food in Madison, however extremely spendy.  Good service and great wine selection as well.
The food was really good. I loved my chocolate milkshake too! My husband enjoyed the Italian sausage and his strawberry shortcake. The music and the staff added a fun touch. Wish they sold t- shirts in store
Beware of this hotel...  Under renovations until December 30, 2014.  New RF ID keys and I have had to get a new key 3 days in a row!  \n\nThe middle elevator has been known to get stuck or doors not even opening....  Things to just be aware of!
My friends and I from Utah never leave Nevada without stoping at this place to eat the food is cheap, yet the quality and service is great! Yes maybe not very authentic, but it's close and very delicious and to me that's what counts! Love this place!
Wonderful pizza with a great taste and crust. We received excellent service and enjoyed the sports/family atmosphere. Visiting from out of the area and we definitely will be back. Our kids devoured the pizza and breadsticks.
Don't come even a minute before 8:00 AM or they'll give you an ear full, doesn't matter what your needs are, you are just a customer.
This store is spacious. Lots of sales, but nothing stood out for me.\n\nMoved on...
This bank sucks. I came to get some papers signed and they literally took an hour!!!! There was no where to sign in or anyone saying anything. Never again will I come here.
Best pizza and chicken wings in Charlotte. Great food! Great people! Great staff!\n\nIt's a fun neighborhood bar.
Very bad experience this time . Pizza not fresh look like reheated very dry . Burger bread Is very cold cheese not melted and dry cold very bad .and service very slow . And unfriendly .
Good sandwich shop and very friendly.....but good not great.  For sure going back to try some other sandwiches but it's not going to be something I crave because it was soooo phenomenal.
Only returning under peer pressure.  I always feel like I paid too much. Not paying $9 for a not so great sandwich I can make at home.
The line wasn't as long as Pure so we decided to go here. i liked the music they played- hip hop/r&b/reggae here. The crowd was good- diverse. I liked it because it had more of a ghetto feeling ...reminds me of home. ha! I'll go back again.
Service- BAD\nFood- WORSE my breakfast plate was sliding around in grease and the egg wasn't fully cooked. \nDrinks- Most Horrible Mimosa I've ever had! Sent it back and settled for a coffee
One of the best steaks I have ever had! Move over mortons, Ruth Chris, Jean George, and even Carne Vino.
I had finn this please a couple times when I was driving down tatum boulevard. so I thought that I would give it a try. 25 min wait for a sandwich on a thursday night...and the food is average at best :(
awesome pizza. it's kind of tucked away. there's time when i'm craving Spinato's pizza, not just any pizza.
Excellent restaurant. Ate here over 30 times. Highly recommend.
Excellent food and service.  Only mistake chef made was there was a piece of plastic paper slipped into the coffe from the kitchen.  Manager apologized and gave us free dessert. However, it was pretty dangerous that we almost drank in that plastic paper..
Good food,good beer, and good service.
Food is fair to \"OK\" but that's not why you come here.\nIt's filled with TV's and music, sorta of like a wild college restaurant in Mexico, Spring Break vibe.
The staff here finally looks like thry're having some fun.  I've had lackluster experiences at this location in the past. But today was just fine.  I think they finally remodeled too.  It looks really modern.
It's a hole in the wall, I passed it by the first time. The food was authentic Mexican and the staff was cool nothing crazy just basic tacos and burritos
they always have a new variety/ origin of beans so it keeps things interesting. only reproach is that their frothed milk is never hot enough or at best inconsistent temperature wise. They could really benefit from using a thermometer
a decent place for breakfast. More along the lines of a greasy spoon ; but cleaner with better than typical service.
When family goes to Las Vegas we always grab a bite to eat here.\n\nReasonably priced and good portions.
Very polite and helpful. Great job and is fast and fair. I highly recommend I have had several clothes worked on and they always turn out great.
Awesome service,  fantastic citrus marinated pork burrito,  and the atmosphere was soooo chill!
Decent Chinese food, they have everything.
The food is excellent, my favorite is the chicken and spinach crepe with Parmesan cream sauce.
Fries are AMAZING, and the steak and egg is pretty good.. a lot of food for the $$
I did there basic program and lost over 45lb in 5 months they are great! Prices are better then any one in town. I just wish they would have a office on the east side so I could get there more often.
Bread, slaw, tomato, fries, and a small piece of overcooked fish all piled together. Warm yiengling and mediocre service.   Aweful
Recently attended a banquet here.  What a fabulous place!  Unlike all other reception halls in Vegas.  Not only did they  provide fantastic service, the place has a beautiful and secluded garden that transports you right out of the typical Vegas hub bub.
I started taking my puppy to the puppy socialization class on Mondays. While the trainers and staff are great they shouldn't allow children in the PUPPY socialization area. If I wanted my dog overwhelmed by children I would take him to a Chucky Cheese. At least be respectful and have your child stand outside the dog area.
How many times do I have to get crappy blueberries from Sprouts before I learn my lesson?
this IS the best pizza in las vegas. Hard to think this place is just down my office and i have always passed by almost everyday. no fuss menu and owners that are really passionate on their pizza. give this a try, you will not be disappointet
Blech! Please pile more schlop on my plate. Seriously? Does anyone need a mountain of mashed potatoes under eggs, cheese, and chicken? No. There's a reason all of the chairs in this place are widebody. Quantity over Quality.
Found this place about a year ago and we try to visit Little Bangkok anytime we're in Vegas. The food is excellent and AUTHENTIC! Great service and family friendly. I lived in Thailand for 14 yeas and this is the first and only Thai restaurant I've been to in the US that I can call authentic!
Good guacamole and the carne asada was very tender. Good salsa.
Definitely worth the groupon. No complaints !
Okay, first, the service here is totally shitty. -5 stars, duh.\n\nThe burgers are yum. +3 stars\n\nThe beer selection? OMG BRB S&M BBQ LOL. AWESOME. +4 stars
The hotel is Wonderful but when I went to their mc Donalds in the food court the managers were very rude, some of the employees were nice, food was ok, no $1 drinks though and only 1 refill
My wife and I went to Sin City last night, what a disappointment. Save your money and choose a different comedy show. It was pathetic!!!
Chilli's quality.
I had a problem with my honda Accord, I went to see a couple mechanics before I came to D&W honda repair; it was a lot of stress but finally, when I brought my car to this guys, they fixed my car right away.\nI recommend them 100%, great service!!
I'm in and out of Scottsdale for work several times a month and I really look forward to coming in for my acai bowl (add protein) and my juices for the week. Delicious! I just met Alexandra this week and she was as sweet as can be! I will return again and again and again.
They get a star because I'm not allowed give them zero. They called me 15 minutes after my estimated delivery time to tell me they lost my order and can't deliver to me because they are now closed. Hire people that are not bad at life.
Service was ok, food so so.
Last time I went here I got food poisoned, so tread carefully.
The gyros are good.  Do not order their fattoush salad- very disappointing.
The food was good, the service was excellent.  The meat was of good quality and super plentiful.  At least 10 different types of meat.  Needed more veggies to add to the mix, then it would be 5 stars.  Sunday lunch $25 per person.
I've been there twice. Only a girl serve the table. If there are too many people,you have to wait for a long time. \n We ordered the tofu soup. That was great. Others, just that taste. Not good not bad.
Very good local breakfast place.  The owner and staff seem to really care about quality of service.  The food was cooked correctly and served quickly.  If we come back to Vegas we will definitely come back.  If I had a breakfast restaurant, I would make it almost exactly like this place.
The burgers are good here. Oh yeah and the spicy potato twister was pretty good too. Love the ghost pepper sauce. The only thing is that they only have one person working the floor. Which was ok we still got good service.
Great beer selection, great happy hour, and awesome atmosphere.  If you are looking for an early dinner and a few drinks, or an after work happy hour spot this is your place.
Dirty and disgusting. The cups were dirty and they ran out of napkins. The food was terrible. Tasted old and reheated. Nothing good about this place. Although service was slow and incompetent I must say everyone was nice. But for what you are paying you can get much better food else where.
Great restaurant especially for an airport
35 minute wait with lots of open tables. Seriously, there were 5 open tables in the same area they seated us. Good burger. Wifes steak was a pretty bad cut of meat. She loves their sweet potatoes though.
Came for brunch once and enjoyed it so I decided to try dinner. Ambiance is nice, outside seating available for the Spring and Summer months, staff is friendly, and food is delightful!
Bad customer service and the manager does not really  know what's going on.  We were told to come the day to buy props and we had to wait to buy them or for him to figure it out
Service was good food was kind of crappy. It's kind of like IHOP with bigger portions.
this is a average Roberto's location.
My boyfriend stopped in to get pizzas...Several employees ignored him although there were no other customers. He noticed dead flies on the pineapple and other toppings which were not covered. He finally walked out without ever being spoken to by staff who saw him standing there.
Great lunch location - good for a business lunch or even for a date.
This show was a lot funnier than I thought it was going to be!  I still am puzzled on how he did those magic tricks and he was really funny when he was doing them.  We paid $14 each for a drink and the show with a coupon.  It was a good deal and I would definitely recommend it!
Best in the valley - bar none!!!
Oily food! Tasteless for Indian palate! Poor directions when we called. No restaurant parking - $5 public parking! All-in-all - not worth it!!
Buzzable. The lo mein and the spicy crispy chicken were good (but not so spicy). The hot and sour soup was also good. The egg rolls were so-so. I am glad they deliver and I will definitely try them again.
The portion was very small for the price $9. I had the combo 1/2 sandwich and soup. I was still hungry. Staff is very friendly.
Um.... I was scolded by the bouncer here for trying to take a cell phone picture of my wife in front of a wall of shoes.
Atmosphere and decor are pretty basic and may fall  short for some, but the food more than makes up for it. Portion sizes are generous and food always satisfies. Great place to go when your tired of the usual.\n\nSoda is sold by the can, just FYI.
Great Service and very good Work!!! I will return to The Fit Alterations 3 when I need alterations in the future.
cheap ... but better than the one on dysart
Although the golden medium wings are delicious, the service is probably the worst I have ever experienced. The servers stand around talking and don't even notice when a new table has sat down. Then no one checks on you. The service was truly an abomination. Totally bummed because really...the wings were tasty.
This is my favorite ice cream place in the country. I live in Illinois and when I go visit Arizona, it's a must do. I loved it as a kid and I love it now! I recomend the strawberry ice cream shakes!
This is a really nice walmart i do enjoy coming here they have everything I could ever need for shopping!  But if I am shopping with my girlfriend who is 20 they will not let me buy beer I am 22  kind of annoying but whatever nice staff
very friendly staff and excellent cookies.  I didn't see any sandwiches or pockets so I wonder where that name comes from.  We sat outside and enjoyed the atmosphere.  Nice place to meet up with someone.
Great dining experience!  Food was great, staff is knowledgeable, portions are generous!  Had the double-down foie-gras, deer and patate au four for dessert - each and every dish was delicious!  Will go back for sure!
Best bargain around town. You get lots of great tasting food here for cheap prices. I've been coming here for about 15-20 years now and have never been disappointed. Great artsy/Tempe atmosphere as well. Can never go wrong with their Lentil Fetoosh salad.
Very disappointing. So many better buffets than this. Even their California roll sucked.
I'm the only one here slow down, manager Kathleen isn't a very good people person. I would probably demote her to back of the restaurant so she can't interact with anyone.
Visited it yesterday. The design inside is pretty simple - feels like aquarium. Sushi are overpriced and not good as expected. Not worth to visit at all.
We ended up here by mistake. Yey! So glad we did.
I grew up in NY and I still think our bagels are the best. But the best bagel I've had outside of NY is definitely here! So soft and delicious, the best bagels in Montreal!
I was very disappointed with this restaurant , got seated and never saw our server whatsoever.
The food was better when this market first opened at the food court.  Now, it's just ok.  To be honest, wouldnt drive out of my way to come to this food court.
Its been so long since I been to California Kitchen, the pizza's were very tasteful. I forgot how good this place was will be back soon.
my absolute favorite nail salon. kim did my nails and she did amazing! definitely coming back. :)
Just to update you folks, it's now a Wyndham.
Skip this location.. They are always out of everything!!! You never realize that's not the norm until you go to the better Walmarts... Yes we r missing out by going to this one.
The food is wonderful! The service is great. We went here last month for my dad's birthday and our waiter helped a lot with the ~surprise birthday song.~ They gave him a huge sombrero to wear while we sang and it was awesome.
The guys that were there the day I went suck and are rude.  If all the customer service people were like these guys then I would scream from the tops of roofs to not  get cox.  They should be more like the guys at the Chandler location....those guys were awesome.
beautiful, huge club, for sure, but i only loved the music in the hip hop room, which had no ambiance whatsoever.  the rest of the club was a lot more impressive, but i didn't really dig the music.  i thought the outdoor area was great - just wished there was a little seating to rest my feet for a bit!
On the positive side the delivery was quick... The egg rolls were burnt, tasted like they had been refried. The vegetable soup good portion for sure...  The cabbage in the soup had black spots all over!!!  I will pay a few extra bucks for anything else next time..  The last time I will eat there..
as a  marine veteran i went in to purchase a rifle and was treated really good and was impressed with the customer service.i am now looking for a 22 cal pistol to train my wife on gun safety and how to fire one.i did buy the rifle i was looking for from them and now thinking about purchasing the pistol Gary M
I like this place and I hate it.  I hate the maze they put you through and how confusing the store is but sometimes they have great buys.
Worst burger ever !!! No flavor at all tasted like a frozen patty very dry, were were told that the patty was lean.  Would have been nice to know ahead of time.  Garlic fries were good.  Don't waste ur money !!
This is not gourmet, by any means, but it will do. Portions are huge, price is cheap, and it is consistently decent.
It is a Church's Chicken. You get what you should expect. Greasy chicken, strawberry soda, and a constant flow of city characters that make us country folks a bit on edge. All in all, this is a great location so long as you do not expect too much.
We came here during St. Patrick's Day so  that was probably our mistake but 1.5 hour waiting at our table for two sandwiches and one was the corned beed special. Overpriced sandwich--I was close to asking giving me the meat and bread and I can make the sandwich myself.
better than most buffets in vegas.  \n\nskip the dessert unless you really love sugar... like lots of them!
Food is amazing, service is atrocious. Definitely worth braving crappy service, one of my favorite restaurants in the valley!
Bojangles is awesome in this airport. Great chicken sandos!
I also went there with the $29 Groupon for deluxe manicure and basic pedicure.\nThey charged me an additional $20 for adding gel to my manicure.\nNot sure why when there price list says a BASIC manicure is $12 and the gel manicure is $25.
This place is perfect for those who live or work downtown.  The food and wine selection are very good.
Kona Grill is meh.. it has a big menu selection, but its overpriced and medicore. If you're stuck by the mall (like we were) its not terrible, but if you're mobile, I recommend somewhere else.
For 18 dollars they do a phenomenal haircut, which includes a neck shave and massage. Crazy right? I always feel guilty and over tip. Best barber shop in downtown Phoenix.
All I can say is that you get what you pay for and that is not much here. \nFood is very mediocre, doesn't taste fresh and is poorly presented.   The last few times we have been there we are the only customers for most of the time.  The staff just stands around doing nothing.
Thank you fellow Yelpers, for this find.  I don't think I would  have stopped here if it weren't for all of the other great reviews, but I am so happy I did.  My chicken pesto panini was delicious and the service was great.
Great experience! The manager is very professional. The minute you walk in they greet you and they offer help which makes it even a better experience. Adriana helped me printing some files which came out perfect. \nI will keep them in mind for my next visit if I need anything.
This place is OK.  It's probably better for the coffee/bar than the food.  The sandwiches were alright, but not mind-blowing.  This is more of a hip hang out spot than a place for food.
one banana two banana three!!! I love their produce, the selection is right for me! Oh and it's local. sweet.
Reviews about the food in major chains are pointless, it's all about service. drinks were filled promptly without being asked, and our server was very friendly. If you like Olive Garden this location is recommended.
Not my favorite club in Las vegas.
NPR Rocks. It is like breakfast for your brain. They play jazz at night, pretty pedestrian jazz selection though. Who cares about the jazz though, NPR is great and everyone should listen to it as part of their daily routine. It is better than the rap crap you are likely bumping next to me as I listen to NPR....
Went again! It was awesome...
Roka Akor has the best food in AZ, hands down. You cannot go wrong here, and you are missing something extraordinary if you don't come.
The food is solid, but not great.  The atmosphere is good.  The traffic flow in the Palms is always fun to watch.  I walked away satisfied but that was it.  I wish there was more to say, but it was not a memorable experience.
Food is great, owners are nice and give good service, funny that people bitch about how the place looks its a taco stand not a restaurant.
Cheap and fast service.  This is my 3 rd time renting with them and love it!
The service was super super slow.. We set down for a good 15 minutes before we were even given water.. The food was just okay I wouldn't recommend this place
Sorry forgot to post the results. We got our money back minus a 15% restocking fee! They said they had to buy some windows program and that was the reason for the fee. There was no reason for them to buy or install Windows the computer was never used.
Disappointed. Overrated. Nothing special.\nGimmick donuts that does not even taste that good.\n\nOne of best donut place in US?  I don't think so.
Vegetarians beware. Watch our for the flour tacos cooked in lard, chips in the same kettle used to fry shrimp and rice in chicken broth. This was not a good culinary experience.
I mostly review fishing related places on yelp:\n\nI've been here only once. Its like going to Disney World. I was in heaven. If I would ever return to Vegas, I would stop here first.\n\nPlus they let me bring my dog inside.
Good size rooms for the price. Easy parking. Sports book good for hanging out to watch some games. Maintenance dept is poor. Tried for two days to get through to have them fix safe but no luck. Overall, good but not great.
A feast for the eyes as well as the stomach!! Hubby got the 16 course tasting menu and I got the 8 course menu but wished I got his instead. I kept on picking at his dishes.  The best bread and candy cart I've ever seen. Highly highly recommend...you'll enjoy the show!
We were traveling through Vegas on our road trip and stopped at the nearest salon for a quick pedi. The staff are so friendly and welcoming and did a great job on our feet! Highly recommended.
Worst service in all of the Venetian. Waitresses continually just walking by refusing to even make eye contact, and the place was half empty! Never again.
Frys is awesome everywhere and this one is no exception! They always have good prices and the employees are very knowledgeable and they carry just about anything electronicy that you can think of. This one has a cool slot machine on the sign, yay Vegas. :)
Really inconsistent. I came twice before and the sushi store was closed after 5. What a bummer. But had some good dragon eye the second time round. Not a bad place at all if youre around the block and craving for sushi, if you dont want to travel too long.
The buffet is a great value! Most buffets in that same price range don't feature anything edible.
Very pleased with my experience,I wasn't sure what to order and the girl taking my order suggested a few things.Very nice and friendly and service was fast as well.Will be visiting frequently!
Lost my paperwork multiple times. Lost my DD214 which they were supposed to return after processing. Refused to take action on claim, until I had sent multiple letters to congress about claim.
Nice decor, friendly staff
CONSISTENTLY bad service. Always very slow and employees often forget to make food; I've had to go up and remind them several times. Just tonight they forgot all the meat and cheese on the woman in front of me's sandwich, and gave me the completely wrong order.
Don't come here! This place is a joke. The bouncers are douche bags.  There were 3 bouncers standing around and not letting anybody in. No service here. Go somewhere else that will appreciate your time. I left after 5 min and went to the Bank. Marquee is also good too.
This year all the markets were labeled \"Edinburgh's Christmas\" but some of the old faves were still at the old school end. Not as many pretty handcrafted things, but lots of options for nibbles and plenty of entertainment.
The guys at Green Valley Lock and Safe take care of business.  Every time I have needed a locksmith they have been there for me.  Their prices are reasonable and they make sure all of their work is done properly.  Thank you Jeff and Leona for taking care of my key and lock needs.
Tall kid with black hair and Tats on his arm very very rude. Not one smile I had to ask for my receipt and he threw it at me.
Just ate here and it was delicious.  Erna was our waitress and she was in point with all her recommendations! The world needs more servers like her!\n\nAt my table, my family had the fried chicken, chicken fried steak, Cobb salad, and some burgers. They were huge portions and very good!
Did camp zoo at phx zoo and the kids had a marvelous time. They got to meet the animals in their habitats and learn about the various animals in the park. One of the better camps in Phoenix.
Love Mongolian BBQ, Love this place.  Everything is always fresh and has the best varitey of any I have been to.  Would have given it 5 stars if they had the traditional sesame and other cool oils....
Over priced.
OMG me and my daughter just ate here I paid 13.28 for both of us adults 6.99 kids 4 bucks and the food was delicious specifically the baked mussels and the sushi I'm coming here again I'm in shocked on how cheap it was and so good...
It's alright. The frozen chocolate is not worth $11. Tastes like chocolate milk and they put whip cream on it. Service is slow as hell. 2 stars.
In summer it's a great place if you're looking for a terrasse.  They also have live jazz music which adds a nice touch.  The pizzas aren't that great but the crepes and salads are usually a decent bet.
This store has so much cool stuff good deals but the staff suuuuuucks the last three times iv gone in I haven't even been greeted or helped out with anything luckily that have all of the cool guitars or I wouldn't ever go back
The pickles are the best part!\n\nWhether you get breakfast, lunch or dinner the food is always good and the service is decent. \n\nI wish they had more non-breakfast vegetarian options besides vegetarian chili (it's not that great).
I was seriously disappointed at the lack of variety here considering how much they charge. I ate here for breakfast and while enjoyed the omlet station and the quality if the food was good, the variety was just lacking and seriously over priced.
I had drinks here for a couple of long, long hours.  Each drink will set you back $15.  And it's a total douche factory.  End of story.
Our server Alisha was amazing! Super fun, nice, and made great recommendations!! Will definitely go back! Just don't mistake her for Ashley:) lol
Bad customer service. Unreliable.
@ Lunch buffet. Food was OK.
not worth the trip .  if you are in happy valley and want chinese go to pfchang.  this place  lacks service and quality .  the tuna wrap was slopply made.  the fried rice was like the fried rice at  the mall .
If you are looking for good Indian food in Vegas that is not pretentious, this is definitely a great bet.  The chicken tikka and nan are fantastic.  I haven't had a chance to try anything else yet but I will definitely be coming back and will update my review.
My sister got a couple of rolls and salads on Oct 31. She said the fish was old and smelly and salad was wilted. She ended up with food poisoning. Stay Away!
Awesome gyros!
Best healthcare multipurpose providers ever!
I don't know why I went to a club in Vegas, I guess I just wanted to see what the hype was.  Long lines in front of the place, pure chaotic!\n\nInside, nothing special at all - wasn't hoping to get some sort of Vegas exuburance.
Gotta love dairy queen  - glad this one has a drive through!
This place is ok. I came here with a groupon which made me feel like it was worthy of coming here. Ordered a stack of pancakes and an eggs benedict. Not fantastic food, but definitely not bad either. Service was great the day I came. Very sweet waitress.
Great food. Loved the omelet w/ spinach, Swiss, & ham on a baguette. Def worth the wait. Wish they were open on the weekend!
Great food. Amazing pasteries. Only problem is there are only two tables for sitting. We had to grab pur food and eat somewhere else. But totalllly worth it!
Not sure why I ate here??? But it was desperate times! I had the grilled chicken Caesars salad. Which was just OK. place was busy!!
THey make an incredible martini.  The food is very good.  It is not Capital Grille.  It is not Mortons.  It is a good, solid resturant with good seafood.
Fantastic place ok maybe because it was our first real date here ;) memories of love romance and bliss ! So the Sushi is great and the drinks ok but lovely and fantastic service . Ambiance and streetside dining a plus too for a nice day
This restaurant is CLOSED...FINALLY
Do not visit this premises on tuesdays lol. Crowded.
First time dining here.  The fresh basil roll delish.  the Pad Thai also wonderful and finally the grand finale Crispy Duck in red curry the best I ever had.  It had just the perfect amount  of spice the boneless duck was fantastic.  Service was great, very attentive. My favorite place for Thai now.
This is not going to blow your sox off... but they food is consistent, good variety, and decent quality.\n\nI like their green chili best. Pretty much all I get there now when I go.
The food on the menu may not be for everyone's taste, but the staff at Le Cirque makes it known that even if you wanted a peanut better and jelly sandwich, they'd go out and get you one. The service and experience is worth every penny.
I love their pool section, lazy river, wave pool. Their rooms are spacious and comfortable. I had really no complains. \nLike the others, I felt bored waiting for the elevators but the pool made me forget!
Kevin is great. Very down to earth, doesn't try to up-sell you. Straight forward, honest, very easy & accommodating to work with. I will definitely recommend him to other's & be a repeat customer.
this is not a place for nonsmokers but you can sell life insurance at this place. tons of smokers
very nice staff. great house salad I could like bathe in it's tasty dressing for my life. I don't actually like pizza, but this stuff was no joke .Delicious sauce, very cheesey ,excellent crust. I'll be back next time I'm in Arizona
Extremely slow delivery and the food is mediocre.
This is my second time going to jack in the morning and I have to say that I have never been here and got my breakfast within 20 minutes. I have too stop driving by the bojangles (can't wait til morning).
I did tacos which were cool.  Fusion fries not a big fan of. The tacodilla was good. And shrimp taco was outstanding. A little hole in the wall. Glad I tried though.
Terrific neighborhood pizzaria. New York style pizza, extended Italian menu for guests who want something else. Selection of desserts including authentic Italian water ice sold by the pint or quart.
1/2 price sushi all day! Sushi happy hour is what they call it. Pretty sweet deal! Not a fan of the soup and salad that is served at the beginning. Ordered spicy tuna, tempura shrimp roll, dragon, and another roll I have since forgotten. Good service. Pretty good sushi.
Specials have always been running...I just got someone who didn't know what they were talking about at the time I said they didn't have them anymore.  Star re-given.\nAlso, service was awesome on a recent visit!
Ew.\n\n\nEwww. \n\n\nDirty dirtiness. \n\nNot bad if you don't touch anything, and you aren't partial to friendly, prompt service.
Many of the meats are miss marked. Little bit sorry for those that don't know the cuts.
So I ordered a simple Calzone. It turned out OK. Or not bad. I suggest that you know what you want ahead of time or call before you arrive. May take some time to prepare.
Incredible and outstanding. Every plate we ordered was delicious. Service was on point. Can't wait to come back the next time I'm in Vegas. Don't miss out.
My problem was not with the cost or time but the rude and unprofessional manner the staff treated me with. Having said that, I appreciate the offer to make things right.
Not what it used to be. I had the Thursday special of boneless pork ribs. They were rock hard and dry. Service was everything I remembered, excellent. Amy did a great job overcoming poor quality and I would return for the service and deep dish apple pie.
Awesome Chinese buffet. Good price, good selection, great location.
This place is always busy and only one person working the register, this place Is very dirty and has  a bad layout which causes everyone to crowd each other,  service is very slow.
Not too shabby, but in typical Gainey Ranch/McCormick Ranch fashion, everyone in here is old, driving a big blue Buick and about to die.\n\nFood is decent.  Service wasn't too bad either.  I would call it above average bar food.
This place is simply awesome, great views and a rich history. If you are in NV for a short time this is a great place pick up on a bit of history about NV. The building's and garden are stunning nothing short of spectacular.
This is our 2nd Good Life Festival complimentary of the sale Rep for, Encanterra! Loving this. Doobie Brothers & Guess Who. Another beautiful day. However, we are  prepared this time, brought our sweatshirts & a blanket!
They spend a lot of money upgrading the slot machines but men's bathroom looks like a public park restroom. Let clean it up and keep it clean the local gangs should not control mermaid's.
Poor knock off of the Persian Room down the way on Scottsdale Rd. I heard they even stole the menu and recipes although they don't seem able to follow the recipes very well. The food is a nice try but still something is missing. Don't waste your time the original is not far away go to the Persian Room instead
Yummy! The braised duck gnocchi were out of this world! Our waitress was as nice as they get. Great experience!
7 PM on a Saturday half empty bar and restaurant. Hillstone is packed. How could they screw up this location!! Bar staff with an attitude and weak menu that's how!!
I love In-N-Out.\n\nNumber one protein style! \n\nGreat helpful staff, clean dining room, order is always right, yep winner winner burger dinner!
Not too bad of a place. The only reason I'm giving this place a 3 star rating is because I'm just not that country and my personal style does not involve flannel and cowboy boots. With that being said, I may stop back in sometime in the future if I get that itch for some cowboy boots.
Honey Crullers are just superb!
I love this place! The pizza is fantastic, thin crust with fresh toppings. I also love the macaroni and cheese which is made with giant shell pasta. So good!
The staff of this Piccadilly liquor store is friendly and knowledgeable, particularly about their extensive craft beer offerings.\n\nUnfortunately, I recently learned that the new corporate owner has decided to close this store. Boo for corporate owners.
The service was terrible-didn't get one drink refill, the steak was packaged-tasting, the cheese on my chicken burrito dish hardened because it wasn't even served hot...I just don't want to go on- it was that bad. We will never be back.
The pool is nice the lazy river is fun and a great place to cool off. Bring you own drinks because the waitresses are only interested in helping the cabanas.
Rooms are decent but loud. Internet sucks which is why I won't be back. Not a great place. Service was ok, wireless internet is unreliable.
Had the shoyu broth deluxe ramen. the broth was ridiculous! you should definitely stop by next time you are in Vegas.
Amazing food with perfect portions
Great show!  Not just ventriloquism, but he shows off his singing voice.  One of the few things to do on the strip with kids.
One of my very favorite places in Charlotte. This place is absolutely incredible. Amelie's has managed to convince me, many times, to not move away from Charlotte. The food is incredible- we go there for breakfast often. It is open 24 hours and has a great energy.
Really hard to find a good cup of coffee in the states... I'd say this is the best  cappuccino I've had since Italy.
Was introduced to Vosges while in New York for a friends wedding but frequent the Las Vegas Vosges every time I am there.  Their spice infusioned truffles are terrific.
This is one of the better comics on the strip. We laughed the entire time. Highly recommended for all adult ages
The best sandwich shop in Vegas!!\nEat here & your belly will be full and happy!!
Loved this and so did my very critical thinking 13 year old! Would recommend for a group while in Charlotte. Be prepared to think and leave no stone unturned!
A week after changing ownership they had already changed to factory pressed patties and other poor ingredients. Any fast food place probably has  better food at this point.
The mole sucked, the burrito sucked, and the service was average at best.  I don't understand how this place has multiple locations.  I went once to this one and once to the Wexford one.  I will never go back. Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere.
Worst sushi I've ever had
The foods were so so, not a WOW, but not bad for late nighter to grab something to eat.  Stop by at 6AM, Pho broth was a little water down, congee just average, but the Mi Xao Dong were good.  Maybe, will stop by next time in Vegas.
Poorly organized for a buffet.  People lined up like cattle in one long line for prime rib and seafood ie crab legs.  Food ok not awesome; question the $51 price.
Just walking around the south side and stumbled upon this gem. Amazing milkshakes!!!! And yummy chocolate. Will defiantly be returning!!!
love the noodle soups!
Their brewed coffee is okay, bakery is overpriced and again, okay. \n\nTables are a bit cramped and I cant help but look at the bare walls with sparse, crookedly hung, clich\u00e9 artwork.
Had the chance to visit here with a Livingsocial deal. Food was average, generous portion sizes with a cozy like sportsbar atmosphere. Would come back for the all you can eat sushi for $20, however deal was no good on this offer.
lots of subs to pick from, friendly staff, place is packed during lunch from all the government office around it
Not good. The food was very bland. We had pad thai and Tom kah soup. The soup was watery. Won't be back.  The service was good.
Even for airport food this is pretty low quality. Step up your game if you expect to stay in terminal 4!\n\nOrdered a margherita pizza...very plain, flimsy crust, underwhelming.
Instead of having to go three different places for everything this is definitely a one stop shop for all of my grocery needs. The choice of meat is impeccable and reasonably priced.\nThe buy by the ounce option is a great way to not have to buy more than you want too. This is a great store!
This place is terrible! I had the lasagna and my wife had the risotto. The meals tasted and looked as if they were pre-prepared and reheated in a microwave. Most over priced piece of sh*t meal I've ever had. Save yourself some time and money and go to Burger Bar.
Food is good but the service and attitude of the staff makes this a no go place
Slow disorganized service. Food is ok but nothing special. Our fries were soggy like they had sat under a heat lamp for hours. The tuna melt was dry and the eggs and sausage were dry and bland. Will not return.
Was in the Phoenix area and had heard about this place and we decided to give it a try. We weren't disappointed. The service was extremely good, the BBQ was exceptionally good, and the food was reasonably priced. I wouldn't hesitate to try this place again.
The service was excellent. The beer was cold. The servers were damn near naked. I really enjoyed myself here. Two or three beers turned into an all night event.
I will not be ordering from this Dominos again. Last week I ordered from here and the pizza took an hour and when we received it it was lukewarm at best. Tonight when I ordered from here they told me they couldn't take my credit card because their machines were down. Strike three and they are out.
They use MA's (medical assistants) with practically no training here instead of RN's that are down right incompetent. Horrible at returning phone calls... Wouldnt reccomend dealing with front desk girl I believe her name is Janet as she was very unpleasant.
Prepare yourself for an authentic experience. Depending on your comfort level authentic may not always be a great thing. Staff very friendly and decor is pretty cool.
Bland, uninspired, mushy.\n\nI had 2 fish and 1 bean taco. The beans were good - the rest of the tacos, not so much! They were kind of slopped together. No fountain drinks - cans and bottles only. So much for being eco-friendly hippies.
The service is miserable. When I say miserable, I mean you could go ten minutes without seeing a single worker. I ate her lunch Saturday and Sunday since it was close to my room. The salad I had the first day, the strawberries were frozen. And it was a 17 dollar salad.  Dont waste your time.
Been going here for years. The food and service has really slipped. I've gotten sick twice after eating here. The place has a smell that makes me wonder how clean the kitchen is. I think I'll go to The Hub instead.
This place is pretty cool and all...$450 for an unfurnished studio,and $500 for a furnished utilities included..plus they have rent a cops..yaaaaa to the rescue right?...right?.....
Chipotle is great for quick, reasonably priced, and consistent food. They were one of the first around to offer healthy food and we still like it. Occasionally you get one that's out of their regular chicken or beef and that's the only reason they don't get five stars.
everything really good.  egg rolls are huge.  spicy is spicy.. very happy with the service on the phone as well.
We love the burrito house. Owners are great, food is yummy! We eat here at least once a week!
Best pizza I've had anywhere.  Perfect, perfect and I mean perfect crust.  Thin, chewy, smoky and sweet.  Lots of interesting toppings that center around fresh, local produce.  I deeply envy the regulars here.
Another shopping center in Vegas where you can't afford anything, or can't justify at all spending that much money on stuff you don't need. \n\nThe decor is nice, though.
I didnt stay here, but gambled here quite a bit. Very nice and spacious, but the cocktail waitresses dont come nearly enough! Didn't like the bouncers at Haze either, but love the Jean Phillipe dessert area. Very clean and posh though, great addition to the strip!
Great restaurant. I am from Chicago and this truly represents a Chicago style pizza place well. Deep dish pizza tastes just like back home. Great Chicago themed inside with many great Chicago pictures and posters. Also, the music while your eating is great. If your in Las Vegas looking for the real deal Chicago deep dish pizza. Come here!
Absolutely the best club in Vegas!! Everyone is really cool, the entertainment is awesomely bizarre. The drinks are great, the staff is amazing, and I had a blast. Good times!!
Even better than the Whole Foods in OC! Just finished at the gym and my husband suggested grabbing a a quick bite to eat at Whole Foods. I had never though about eating there...  The food was great, It was quick and really yummy!
This place was a great environment and had really fun twists on hot dogs! Definitely looking forward to going back! I was bummed that the pies had either coconut or banana in them because they all looked amazing!! Looks like I need to learn to like bananas and coconut...ha!
Lines might seem long in the drive through during the morning rush, and many older locals are often gathered outside chatting and smoking....but the service is great....  They remember your name if you are a frequent patron and usually start ringing up your order when you walk up to the register.
Paid $18 (including tax and tip) for the worst beef teriyaki (lunch special) on the planet. The miso soup was basically just salt water.
Extremely poor service! The location on N16th street in Phoenix is better in terms of service. Food tastes the same.
They did a great job on my 3 pets! They were able to play & exercise while they were being groomed. They smelled great when I picked them up!
Nice store, but now after a couple visits here, I actually drive 25 min to the Chandler store because they always seem to have more friendly, helpful employees. Enough said. With 3 iPhones, 3 iPads and 3 MacBooks in our family I've always had a pleasant experience in Chandler.
The sushi here is fresh and tasty. Service with a smile and happy people behind the bar. The only reason it gets four stars and not five is atmosphere. But if you're going to Koi for some good sushi, you won't be disappointed!
Started off rough when the hostess called me ma'am (i'm a guy) But food and service was good after that.
Matt did a great job with the detail for both of our vehicles.  He was on time, very professional and brought all of his own equipment and supplies.  The convenience of having someone come to your house and do an awesome job it so worth it.  We will be using Matt again for our detailing.  Prices are VERY reasonable.
The Brisket sandwich was really good. Located at Container Park, a casual setting, a nice find.
Food was pretty good... you pay for the view though.  BBQ nachos were superb.
I had a really nice experience at 101 Hair & Nails.  I received a manicure and  pedicure by Tricia.  She is friendly, very nice, and quite knowledgeable.  She has been doing nails a very long time and it shows.  I especially love my Rockstar toes and can't wait to go back for more!
The first time I was here I got coffee and the banana nut muffin.  They are an awesome combination.  I've gone back since. 'Nuff said.
Really good pho! Random mickey mouse paintings on the wall. Service was great!
We love to eat out and we used to go to all different places. NOW we only go to The Golden Corral. It has the best food and we spend over 40 dollars taking a cab there and back home so you know it must be good! I don't care what anyone else says, it is the best..
This wasn't bad, but it wasn't good. Perhaps it was more geared for children, but there was nothing adventurous about this experience.
This has to be the worst oil change place on the planet.  Horrible customer service high prices and overall a pain in the neck.  Seriously go anywhere but here.
This place is at best OK..I've only had the burgers but there is nothing that distinguishes them from any other burger joint. Their prices are a bit steep, twelve bucks for a burger, fries and drink! Also the fries were soggy...not a plus in my book!
Meh.  There's a reason methods of cooking pizza has evolved over the past two hundred years.  C'mon guys, put some damn cheese on the pizza.  The salad tastes like grass.  Literally, outdoor grass.  A little pricey too..
I could not be more happy with the short rib tacos and the fast service! This place reminds me of L.A. All the bartenders are awesome especially Kristen!
This place was okay as an adult.  It would probably be funner if I were a kid or drunk.
Great brunch for $20. Food is fresh, taste good and good service.
We have been here twice and it has been delicious both times.  It's great French food and its okay to bring kids here.\n\nUpdate: we have been back twice and it has been slipping dramatically. The food have been below average.
Bahn MI was just O.K., Pho again was just O.K. I don't get it they have great reviews. Please help us fid great Pho, Bahn Mi, & Ramen in the greater PHX area.
They have some good yellowtail.
Staff doesn't know she should ask if people in a group want to pay individually or in a big bill when check out. Wasted a LOT of time waiting to redo the bills, twice. Disapointed.
Wow! This place is tiny and absolutely packed at lunch time. Definitely hole in the wall decor - but the food is outstanding! I had the Pad Thai and I have to say it was the best I've ever had. A+
Happened to be in the area for a swim class and thought we would give Pio Pio a try. Best chicken in Charlotte?  I dare say pretty good...  The sides, sauces, and service were all great as well. \n\nThey serve Lavazza coffee as well. Good all around.
Great place to chill and great view of the street. Very well run place
I go for the buffet. I have no idea what I'm eating but it tastes great.\n\nThe service is excellent!
This place is fantastic! Great food, and I love Kiltlifter. It is one of the only beers I will order when I go out, to four peaks or otherwise. Burger was great, bacon on it was cooked splendedly
3.5, 3.5!!! i had to deduct a half star bc i think I was in a starvation daze last time. \n\nthe crust is actually the same thickness as barros. still good and still the best pizza option, but not as good as i remember it.
What a great place to unwind from a hectic day. Galina the Nail Tech was amazing, By far the best pedicure I have ever experienced! What a delightful, funny, beautiful woman! Truly inspiring. Look forward to my next visit.\n\nJulie
Awful company to work for and worst childcare facility to bring your child too. The company owners are not capable of running a learning center. Take it from an employee, disappointed. Id like to apologize to all the parents who have enrolled and pulled their children out with confusion.
They are SOOO FRIENDLY! Not too friendly, but they love what they do and it shows. Food is great, wine is available. Oh the food is tasty too btw.
I love this park!  My wife and I come here on Saturdays to go to the farmers market and then eat breakfast by the pond (sometimes we even see turtles!). The only downside is there are always unsupervised kids throwing things at the ducks!  Get your kids under control people!!
Plenty of choices for breakfast. Stuffed French toast and Las Vegas omelette were delicious with plenty to take home. Our server Perry was  helpful,courteous and very patient. We will be back.
Very friendly staff, great location! The pharmacist made sure I knew everything about my medication and thoroughly answered all my questions! Great place to go!
Not bad.  The burger was good, although not spectacular.\nDecent drink menu, too.  Typical prices for the Strip.  Service was above average.
Celebrated our wedding anniversary here last night and had a delicious meal. Steaks were tender and juicy.  Service was outstanding.  Thank you for making our meal one to remember!
I don't get it , our food arrived cold and was tasteless. I didn't want to stand in line again to send it back since their is no table service. And it's pricey
A but pricey but the food was great, inside very clean, and the safety was attentive and friendly.  I'll be back every now and hen but I'd come more often if they could trim the prices a bit.
Bad service and mediocore food.
This is the best and easiest BBQ in North Scottsdale.  My wife and I get takeout here once a month at a minimum.  I would highly recommend checking it out. At first, it may seem like a car wash or gas station but you will quickly realize it is one of the best spots around.
It's great if you want to smell like an ashtray after you leave. Is that even legal to smoke where food if served? Disgusting!
Not bad!! He completed a pretty rough extraction. I appreciate that he stayed with it rather than send me to an oral surgeon. He takes the time to explain the risks of procedures also. That is something new for me!! I'll be back.
I ordered the special combo and asked them make it wet style.  Nothing special.  The beans and rice were both tasteless and the sprinkle of cheese on top was a pathetic afterthought.
The ham and cheese baguette was not very good. I came in for the Mac and cheese because someone here recommended it. Don't make the same mistake I made. The bartender was nice and on her game, friendly and kind.
It's been a long time since I was lured to this place by the sweet location and AYCE sushi, but I can still recall it was one of the worst meals I've ever had.
By far the best gyro and hummus, ever.  I've been eating here for years and have never been disappointed.  Everyone I recommend it to winds up raving about their food.\n\nFriendly service, good prices and excellent food.  A very happy customer :)
A very beautiful hotel. Lovey wine hour. Food at restaurant really good. Staff wonderful and room clean. Lovey pool.
Took the family during Christmas week. The show is very good and entertaining. Since we waited too long to get tickets we wound up in the balcony. Do not ever get tickets to a magic show and sit in the balcony. You can't see the tricks very well and why they sell balcony tickets to a show such as this is nuts.
Got mint chocolate chip in a chocolate dipped sprinkle cone; just one scoop.  My sis gets a single scoop sundae and wife a single scoop sundae.  Finished in a few minutes; good tasting.   Dirty Floor guys!!!
I love this place everything is so good and all of the workers here are super friendly \"Gerardo\" I think he's a manager is also very helpful and super nice! Love this place so fresh and yummy
Went last night a little before 7pm. The LONGEST time I've ever waited in line at Chipotle - even during PEAK lunch hours! Seemed short staffed and not considerate of people's time.
Off beat humor, raunchy, sexual innuendoes, amazing acrobatics. Two hosts who are politically incorrect, and could care less about racial, and sexual preference sensitivity. Three words; I love it! I laughed so hard, and was in awe when need be. Go!
Not good for kids.  North side patio is smoking and smoke was blowing in.  Gag.  Waitress was quick to take order yet food took 30+ minutes.  Hostess was rude.
Not my favorite.  I didn't like the style of bringing the meat to the table.
Love it here!  They do such a great job and are very professional.
Went to Decadent Designs while I was in town visiting my family and got a cookie and cupcake. Both were delicious and the ladies behind the counter were super helpful and sweet. I'll definitely be coming back here for more treats!!
The paella is just fine but the steak is good.
Went to the tempe one originally, but love this new location. much prettier (not a strip mall), with the same great food. the green burger with thyme fries is still my favorite. Keep it up!
I'm down 20 pounds and loving it!  Adam Luckette takes awesome care of me whether its diet or health. The staff is amazing!  Give them a try!
Food 3\nAtmosphere 2\nService 2\nWait time (there was only us)\nPrice 4
I have been going to cirque shows for over 15 years and was always beyond impressed. Tonight I was so let down. Im only giving two stars I feel bad for them. Worst show ever! Would have rather watched a movie at home.
Food is hit or miss.  Best aspects of this place are the appetizers and drinks.  Great atmosphere, even has an outdoor firepit.  Awesome for happy hour!
Don't let the appearance fool you, this had good quality sandwiches. Get the grilled pork it's my favorite. really good prices too.
The food did not taste great and my husbands order came out on the cold side. :/ We will not be going back as we were not impressed.
Most overrated place in Pittsburgh, in my opinion. Their beer is nothing special. Neither is their food. And their service is routinely awful. If you're looking for a cool, unique Pittsburgh experience, I'd recommend Fat Heads or Hough's over this ANY day.
I went there a couple months back: they are good for drinks and that's about it.  Basically they know you're there for the atmosphere and drinks.  Food quality is poor.  I expected much more from their rib combo.  Basically another cookie-cutter chain.
The printing center is pretty computer illiterate. I ended up having to take control of the computer myself because the dude (Ramon) had no idea how to adjust the size when printing a picture. THEY made a mistake when printing it the first time and made me pay for it. Very unhappy with their service and lack of knowledge in their jobs.
Super Service an amazing Team and work out of perfection ..... best place I've been.\nFunny and friendly, they all do an amazing job. Thank you guys
Open late for when someone's boyfriend wants ice cream at like one in the morning.  They also have good pastries and make a decent cup of coffee.
These people are Scam artists. They quoted me 3 times the amount as everyone else and gave me a 4 week turn around. I took my car next store to metropolitan auto body and paint and they did it in two weeks and helped me with other damage with no extra charge.
The new item on the menu is BBQ.  Marty has nailed it. Smokey, meaty and great prices. Definitely worth a visit or two.
Food was very small.\nSeafood dinner was 5 shrimp and Ar best 5 oz of cod.\nFood was small salad average, and veggy was mushy.\nIf you are looking for $30 lite meal with white table cloth this may be ok, but I found it over priced and average
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.\nFood is amazingly flavorful, plentiful, and the staff are great!\nOne of the few restaurants since moving to CLT we repeatedly go back to.  \nSolid and consistent.
Drove by last week and it looks like this place has gone belly up.  CLOSED
The place is decorated beautifully. We were excited to try the food but that is when we were disappointed. We tried 7 different taco between the two of us and would not recommend any of them..
It's unfortunate that I had a bad experience with this company.  I had purchased some items from them and one of them happened to be too small.  I've tried calling and left messages and still no reply.  At this point, I've given up trying to exchange the item.
The manager went above and beyond and made my birthday dinner with my friends the best ever!! We had patio seating with a great view of the Strip and perfect weather!! Will definitely come back to this location.
Great causal Mexican food. Better than Chipotle IMO. Decent price, good selection, lots of variety.
Best Thai food in the valley.  I have been to others with better pad thai and better tom yum soup, but try the drunken noodles or the pad prik king - nice.
what a gem! amazing selection of ice cream and paletas. loved the cajeta (goat milk toffee) and tequila ice creams, and bubble gum and Oreo paletas (popsicles).
Awesome job Donna and Sharon thanks so much!
Literally waited an hour and half to get service. Food was decent but not for $50 a plate. Very dissapointed
Absolutely terrible service!  Quality of food is declining.\nServer was Not attentive. Had to have food returned twice, and no manager came by to check on the problem .  Place is Terrible!
mediocre at best.\n\nThe pho was good enough but the portion size was wayy too small for $7. I left this place still hungry. I'm a huge fan of Vietnamese food and I really want to love this place, but I left disappointed the two times I went there.
Tim took care of me today.  Good experience, good hair cut and pleasant environment.
Very good place. In addition to top notch typical pub food, they have an excellent selection of gluten free options, both for food and drink. This sets jacs apart from other similar places. Worth a return visit.
I love the guy. I forget his name but he is the best! I always get a great mani pedi when I come. Good customer service. I'm a lifetime customer here.
I've been to Terrace Cafe for lunch a few times, but recently tried it for dinner.  I was a little disappointed they weren't serving the red velvet waffles at dinner time, but I went ahead and ordered from the dinner menu.  The chicken was delicious!!  I was not disappointed!  My husband said his mussels were excellent also.
The braised pork bahn mi is fantastic!
I went to this place with a few of my friends for dinner before going out one night. The food was pretty good, but the service was very slow. I would try it again, but don't go if you are in a hurry!
Came here for a drink while waiting for a table at the restaurant across the street... and, honestly, am thinking of staying. Friendly, laid-back atmosphere. The Memphis dog we shared to tide us over was delish! Just wish we'd noticed the Church Wine Punch on the bar menu before ordering, it looks so good!
Asked for spicy Teryaki chicken and receive a pile of burnt red peppers on top. Whole dish tasted like burnt food. Bummer. Owners seemed nice.
Best bloody Mary's. Love this place. Portions are big, not too pricey, free coffee when you wait. No complaints.
Amazing selection, quality and friendly staff too!
Don't expect good service unless you're fluent in Spanish. Seriously though, I have never eaten a better (or larger) burrito in my entire life! I almost wish that I hadn't moved out of Charlotte, I would have liked to come here again.
Chicken buffalo dip is great, this place is very very over priced for what you get,  Happy Hour is best time to go... Service is questionable... If u have  left overs and want to take them home guard them with your life...
Yummm
I am a big fan of Max;;s for their local flair, real German food, and authentic Pittsburgh feeling. They did not sell out, are not overly commercialized, and should be supported for the long standing quality service to the city. Thanks, Max's.
The dumplings are delicious, full stop. I have read other reviews that complain about service...get real people. This is a small Chinese restaurant, it is not the Ritz. Sit down, order dumplings, eat, enjoy and move on.
Worst buffet i've ever been to. Had many choices - chinese, italian, american, etc ...and they were all terrible - flavorless and tasteless. Complete waste of money!
-Traditional bar food, it was nothing special.\n-Good atmosphere for a sports bar \n-Nice outside seating area\n-Draft Beer was bad as was the White Sangria
What a raging disappointment. Walked in to hear Girls Just Want to Have Fun. Seriously. Bartender said they decided to go in a different direction than their roots. Filled with jerks from the neighborhood drawn to the righteous 80s tunes, but not what I was looking for.
So much fun! What an awesome late night show. It's held in a showroom so the seating is at tables and the production value was better than what I expected. The performers were great as was the costume and lighting. We had free tickets but I certainly would have paid to see the show!
This restaurant is not closed... It is just under a different name. the menu is still the same as also the staff. Same Great Awesome food just under a different name.
1st visit.  Not too bad. Wings were good. Serving portions were a bit small for the price.
They have some good deals on produce. Ok selection of organic produce. People marginally friendly. All of their personal care items are $2 to $6 higher than Whole Foods market. Underwhelming experience. Might go back for the produce though.
Ordered the meatball app and arugala and cherry tomato salad.  The meatballs tasted good but they were served barely warm in the middle.  The plate was cold and the sauce was room temp.  Disappointing.  Salad was good.
Good place and decent food. Price was a little bit high but what can you expect when you order the special that isn't on the menu. The best part is the owner came and thanked us and made us feel important. You don't see that too often.
Usually I loooove Jersey Mike's so I was really stoked to see one while I was visiting. I was a little disappointed because the bread wasn't as fresh as at any other location where I've been. The rest of the sandwich was fine though and still beats any other sub shop around.
Great location close to the light-rail, lots of shade, and ample restrooms. However, the beer selection is terrible, and the food choices only slightly better. But let's face it, you're going anyway. Just grab a drink and brat before you get here.
Was in last night had a crazy Mohawk red head serve us.she was very bubbly and made us laugh with her jokes food was great had fish taco plate and tostada nacho I will def be back
decent, edible, not great.  eggs were undercooked. everything is greasy.  english muffin was cold.  typical hotel diner food.
wow the chef menu was yummy the chef is even better. my bf didnt want to eat the tasting menu with me but the chef got him too :) plus the service was great hehe my favorite part was the dessert and the oysters yum!
I'm in love with this place, its got delicious food and excellent service. Its a family owned business there daughter was our server she is awesome, I ordered for chicken and it was delicious well cooked and excellent flavor. Pita bread is hot and delicious .. couldn't ask for more
We love this place and although I have yet to make it in time for happy hour (exclusive to the small bar area) I hear that is great too.  This place is cool....from the look of the place to the food and drinks.  The bathroom is even cool! A date night is perfect to try this place out.
Delicious and fresh, build your own hamburger and fast customer service . Definitely new favorite place
Very friendly owner, simple place with very delicous food! Went to have a quick dinner with my boyriend and had the egg rolls, shrimp saut\u00e9 and spicy fried rice. Felt like I was a home with the warm welcoming service and simple food!
Probably 80 percent of the time my order is correct and timely, I've rarely had a problem with this place and when I have, it doesn't bother me because it is McDonald's.
Excellent food and great service, but the food took forever to come out. Don't go if you're in a hurry. Great selection of vegan rolls and dishes. Family-owned.
No cider? Really?\n\nTheir wine selection is pretty good and the staff was very friendly. Also the place is nicely designed. It gets busy pretty quickly. Can't comment on the food as I didn't have any.
Pork burrito with green salsa. I'm coming back for this. \n\nCoke in a glass bottle. Awesome\n\nVery clean food and kitchen. The owner washed his hands then wore gloves.
Certified legit! The crust is the bomb. One of the closest I've tasted to a real NY pizza without being in NY. Make sure you sprinkle some red peppers, a little Parmesan cheese, and a touch of garlic powder before you bite down. You won't regret it.
Shell gas station... Saved .20 cents today with Smith's rewards.\n\nParking lot is a nightmare to get out of. Wish they would have thought about that when they build it... Especially on the corner of Flamingo and Pecos.
Average strip mall Mexican food place.. Food was alright and priced reasonably. I got an array of tacos. I felt the side effects later so I marked a star off for that.
So totally average at best.  Service was really bad and have had better Mexican food at taco bell
Food was ok. Meat was blah, fries were blah, but a fun experience. \n*If you weigh more then 350 you eat free. \n*They only accept cash.\n*must wear gown and bracelet\nWouldn't come back because the food was nothing special, but a good experience!
They have almost anything that you need to fix your place and they have friendly staff.
The pizza and service are equally bad. The owner is about as friendly as you'd expect for someone that's been eating his own pizza all day.
I went there this afternoon, it was crazy busy.  I am older and \nnot so cute, but was sooo impressed with Stacy who spent lots\nof time with me to get some new ideas on makeup.  Every time\nI have gone to a Mac store, they have been incredibly helpful and\nrespectful.
Delicious.  Small portions (expected from this kind of restaurant).  Great service. Decent drinks. Tastebuds satisfied, but not the belly.
Maybe I got too hyped up about this place but I have to say that I don't see they hype that everyone is talking about.  It was a typical Las Vegas buffet.
Wish I could leave 0 stars.  It took 1 hour and 45 minutes to get served cold horrible food.  I actually had to get coffee myself.  Had to get a manager to get cream and splenda.  Just throw your money in the street before you waste it here.  I can't remember having worse service.
Stunningly good snack food. I got the fish sandwich, and it was really amazingly flavored. The house lemonade has maybe mint in it? Totally delicious.\n\nThis is definitely THE place to get food while wandering aimlessly along Saint-Laurent.
I've been going to Dr Hakes office for ten years and highly recommend his office - especially Carol who is amazing! She is gentle and does an excellent job. I also just met the new dentist, Dr. Curtis, who is very nice and personable.
Excellent food and good portions for the price.
Love Jill and all she stands for.  Her Business name says it all \"Be Well\", she lives and stands for making sure we lead a healthy and happy life.  I highly recommend her to anyone looking for the Best in West Massage Therapist.  Thanks Jill!!!
Excellent service and food.  The \"Perfectly Grilled Salmon\" lived up to its billing.  The White Chocolate Banana Cream Pie was also very good.  We would come here again.
Omg , I took a bite of a sausage sandwich  and I had to spit it out ... Almost puked in my mouth it tasted gross . Never again ....
This was our first time here. The server was a complete ___! Megan was her name. The overall feel of the place was pretty good. The food looked pretty good. Service was horrible, so I didn't get far enough to get the full experience.
The hot pot side wasn't all I hoped it to be, but the ramen was on point! Good music at an acceptable level to still have conversations over. The tea they serve is also delicious. I only wish they where open on Mondays because that's my day off.
Get the Bento box for lunch with pork. Disregard the spice warning they give you about the pork. It is amazing. You will not regret stopping in at this great place!
They don't take cards, which is a bummer.\n\nWhat I don't like is that it can be a hotspot for teens to socialize (since there's a high school basically across the street); which can get rowdy and annoying.
Okay, I came back and ordered the Beef Noodle Soup, and again I was disappointed.  The beef noodle soup was not tasty.  I will not be returning again.
Wide range of vegetarian options. Great chicken tikka masala! Very friendly and attentive staff. If you're into Bollywood, this place plays videos too.
Picked up a cherry pie for Pi/\u00b6 day. Brought it to work and it was a hit. Love their chocolate croissants as well
Ce restaurant est maintenant malheureusement ferm\u00e9
I have had some adventures in drinking in Pittsburgh since moving here.  This is a stand out place.  Great vibe, great staff, and they do not try to empty your pockets with weird pricing tactics.
Terrible service and terrible quality food. \n\nOrdered cashew chicken and received chicken and macadamia nuts. \n\nEverything was bland and overpriced. \n\nPanda Express is leagues better.\n\nAvoid!
Great food, good service, great wine by the bottle, not such great wine by the glass but ok and pricey. Their happy hour menu used to be better but it changes which is fun. \nNice neighborhood place.
I like this place for the most part, most of the staff members are nice besides this one guy that always seem to be mad about something very unprofessional. I go  there 5 days a weeks so its like a second home.
Fun water park! And great swim classes for the kids too!\nYou might want to get there as soon as they open on weekend open swim days in the summer to get chairs as it fills up fast.\nFun place for the kids really!!
Had the chicken fried steak with buscuits and gravy.  Good panfried steak with good gravy.  Most places will deep fry the steak.  This one is pan fried and tastes much better.
This is my favorite pizza. Not just in Vegas, but my favorite pizza -- anywhere.  We always ask for the crust \"well done\".  Every time I'm in Vegas, I try to go *at least* nce.\n\nI only wish they would open up a location in the Bay Area!
Great food that really touches the soul. Love the fried chicken with their hot sauce. The waffles are excellent. Must order the fried okra and cheese grits.
Just had break job and oil change and it was done quickly and professionally.  Very impressed with the overall experience and I will refer all of my friends and coworkers to these guys from now on.  Thanks again to all at Brake Masters.
I have been in therapy here for a while for multiple issues.  They are professional, courteous and super accommodating.  Easy access and out weigh any other companies.
I like the fried rice with fish sauce.  It is a convenient place to eat because it's at the start of state st
Not acceptable for a place that specializes in burgers to fry them.  I don't think they use the best beef either.  However, their turkey burger is really good.  Only burger I will eat there.
Great Italian food; excellent service, with a friendly atmosphere, with large portions at a fair price.  I had the Veal Picatta and the wife had Baked Eggplant Parmesan.  Both were outstanding.  Start with the Bruschetta, you won't be sorry!
great restaurant, i went here few weeks ago, and tried to eat all you can eat. food was great and yangnum galbi was great too. Great restaurant.
No pride in presentation. Just food on a plate. Nothing special. In this day and age there is no excuse for week coffee. Although my omellette was hot the potatoes and English muffin were cold. If you have a choice between this place and Denny's choose Denny's.
Who doesn't love a little Arbys. Their window is probably one of the slowest around... but who cares. Are you really needing your food in 3 seconds?\n\nNah...\n\nPS - I dream about the loaded potato bites!
My sisters and I came to the restaurant to watch the games and have a few drinks. The hostess was rude and the waiter was not much better. I have been trying out the restaurants in the area and I will this is not one I will give my repeat business to.
This place is horrible and I have never thrown up after eating breakfast. But yes as soon as we left, they got there breakfast back. Negative 5 stars.
Our family really likes Thai House. We get the Spicy Basil Pork and Spicy Noodles almost weekly. It's become our #1 takeout. It's flawless each time. The balance of flavors in the dishes is really well balanced. We're lucky to have them in the neighborhood.
Can't go wrong with La Bocca!\n\nThe Garden Pizza, is my absolute favorite. Their sangria is yummy, whether its red or white! \n\nThe cucumber water is a little plus for me as well.
Great place if you like dance music and arcade games, there is a dance floor but not many people on it, fair prices
By far the best sushi in the east valley! It seems the smaller sushi bars always do better than the larger ones
Best comic store in vegas love it and the owner is really kool kool guy
I love the coffee, atmosphere, staff and colorful decor. We need more independent coffeeshops like this!!! The vegan pastries are also delicious. :)
Very consistent.  This location always does well with Service.
I stayed here when it was still being renovated.  It was a throwback to the 60's era.  My room was spacious and comfortable, they spared no expense. The hotel staff was very friendly and accommodating.  Needless to say the service was top notch.
I loved this place. They always had a good selection and product was yummy! I was a little put off though because of some confusion over a groupon, timing, and availability. Every other experience I have had has been a good one, but I have decided to try other places.
i'm sorry. i love the hamburgers. and the shepard's pie. and while i had one bad experience a few years ago, i enjoy this place.
Simple and delicious, great people too
Save your money this chain restaurant sucks in all aspects!
The service was ok at best. The food was certainly NOT worth the price. It was slow and we will not be going back
Good Coffee! beats starbucks and there burnt crap they call coffee, friendly service
Really enjoyed my lunch here.  Very quick and efficient service
Same ol airport but with slot machines if that's your thing. I wish the security lines were shorter and that there was a United Red Carpet Club lounge.
arrived 12nn and told to wait till 4pm for next available room! wtf! poor customer service with bad attitude! seriously!
It's good but Ramsey's across the street is dank.
can't say more then it wss not great, and their service sucks.
Food was good people are nice. Got a little gross out my eggs was green in one part.  Food did not have much taste that was kinda disappointing.
Good stylists, and you can't beat the wait time!
This fry is the best in the west side. Fresh sushi every time I come here all the employees are very nice and helpful when I lose my way.
Its been a year since my last review, this location is doing as good job as they can but the new menu is falling flat.  Bring the classics back.  Please.
pretty high turnover of furniture and housewares.  still looking for a bookshelf.
For a dive bar it's 5 stars.  But being a dive, 3 is the best I can do. \n\nHits: shuffle board, cheap and quick service. \n\nMisses: cash only\n\nHints: ivory room (across the street) has an ATM.
This place open in the same location where Quiznos use to be. They're pretty quick to service you.
I have to say their customer service is a 0.5 star. I was calling to confirm my reservation at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon. Whoever I was talking to on the phone definitely either doesn't like her job or not in a good mood at all..
Bahama Breeze Grilled Chicken, TO DIE FOR! So so good, and my boyfriend ALWAYS orders, Calypso Shimp Linguine....LOVE BAHAMA BREEZE MY FAVORITE!   VERY DELICIOUS!
This is one of Pittsburgh's food destinations. And it's really poor.
It's a typical Darden Restaurant. The server was friendly but not very attentive. A manager approached every table but ours. Our appetizer was missing the sauce and no one stop by our table in between the delivery of the appetizer and the entree. I probably won't return to this location.
Always fresh hot pizza.  We love this place.  Always our first choice.  Just the pepperoni and salad every time.  Great service.
Overall the food was good except my burger was very undercooked. So if you decide to stop in for a burger there make sure you tell them to cook it well done or just to the point where the meat is not mushy like mine was.
Love going here for the food court for a quick meal.
Best wings in Charlotte!  I'm originally from Upstate NY so my family often comes to visit and the FIRST stop on my Dad's list is Wing King to get his favorite Honey Hot wings!
Playing repulsive music containing words and images that made me want to run from the store. I was told this is what their shoppers like to listen to. Not me. Never again and I'll warn my friends.
Having to replace and repair home and business computers, I found Howards expertise to be exactly what we were looking for. We told him what we needed each computer to do and we got everything we wanted. I would recommend him for repairs and builds.
Good food, reasonable price, and good service. would go back there again, next time when I am in Montreal.
This is terrible.  The food is very bland and service is very slow.  The employees act like they're the only restaurant in town.  Do yourself a favor and skip this one.
A type of restaurant for very special occasions and/or company expensed dinners. A 5-star experience from the service, attention & of course, the bone-in rib eye.
The service, the food, the drinks, the vibe, the creativity....I could go on!  Just fantastic!!
Impeccable service.  Love the sommelier.  Exactly what four carnivores needed after a long hiking weekend in the desert, and exactly what one should expect at such prices.  A contender for my last meal.
I did not like the food. I see a lot of oil in curries. I don't recommend this to anyone.
The food was amazing and the chef made me a custom order. I appreciated every part of the meal here. Not only is the food cooked to perfection the service was exceptional. They continued to check on me and made sure I enjoyed my visit here. I would recommend Taggia to any guest visiting here.
It is OK. Nothing great and nothing horrible. Service lacks a bit. Food is so so. Go once try it if you like it go again. f you don't like it don't go back. I say it is so so..Wife and daughter like it more than I do.
This is hidden downstairs in the back of the Casino (near the pool). The breakfast here is an excellent value if you aren't feeling the massive \"Wandering Horse\" buffet upstairs. They are open 24/7 and I can vouch for their 4am steak & shrimp dinners.
You can get good happy hour specials here. Only spent about $20 for four draft beers, a platter of wings and some pretzel bites. Service was really good. Food was just ok. Good place to watch a game. They will change just about any tv you want to something you wanna watch.
Friendly staff, good selection and prices. I was lucky enough to catch the anniversary sale; my niece (who's unnaturally lucky) got a scratch-off discount card for %50, which I then proceeded to use to buy hundreds of dollars of necessities for my new apartment.
This Buffett was horrible! The selection looked great but the quality & the taste of the food was terrible even down to the sodas! \n\n$120 for 5 adults & 2 kids... Wasted. I will never eat here again. You have been warned!
Meh. Used to eat here years ago and it was much better. BBQ pork fried rice had an off taste. Beef (from beef and broccoli) was chewy. Egg roll was good I guess. Won't be ordering again.
I had the Japanese teriyaki chicken. Just God awful. Chicken was not well cooked and tough as a shoe, vegetables undercooked as well.  I have been to Pei Wei several times, but this one was just nasty. Next time i'll stick to pretzels.  Judging from other reviews, food quality is definitely a problem.
Just had a deep tissue massage with Rosie for a nagging problem.  She is excellent!  I would recommend her in a heartbeat.  Great massage at an affordable price.
Premium price for a standard sandwich.\n\nWould have been an enjoyable visit had the deli guy been at least welcoming.
From first impressions the restaurant feels like a garage , very little decorations and whop la , I respect the fact that they stand on their creative mixture of Italian n French cuisine . The staff very friendly and courteous, the food  amazing combinations.!!! Please look pics , everything tastes amazing great place to eat n go out afterwards....
I LOVE Sprouts. Great selection of Organics and vitamins without the crazy prices. I highly recommend!!!!
Went on Sunday morning for brunch and enjoyed bottomless bloody Mary's and mimosas for $16. What a great deal! I ate a breakfast skillet scramble and it was amazing! Angie was our server and she was awesome and very attentive! We will definitely be going back again soon!
We came here looking for Ice Cream and found some made with Nitrogen. Man was it great I almost didn't give my wife any, it was delicious. the park and all the stores are very cool. Didn't have time to shop but will make more time to do so next time in Vegas.
Great people. Would've never thought I could get a steak that good right behind my house. They cut their own steaks so awesome and if you live in mtns edge you should be here multiple times a week. Sad I just found it.
This is my favorite place in town.  The sandwiches are the best I have ever had and i am never disappointed by how fresh all the ingredients are.
The food looked good but had no taste.
Fast food mexican.  Burritos and tacos are tasty and a good quick lunch or quality drunk food at the end of the night.
My husband and I celebrated our Anniversary with a fabulous meal. Our servers, Jeff and Dan were incredibly friendly and the level of attention... just right. The food was cooked to perfection. Sure it's pricey, but it was meant to be an experience, not just dinner. And they delivered.
My heart finally broke and it had been so long bent.... \n\nPlease bring breakfast back!
Nice decor and very clean. The servers need to take some training on etiquette, but they didn't mean bad. The chicken tikka masala was tasty for sure but a small portion for the money. Goat biryami was bad . Gulab jun was yummy.
Great restaurant. Amazing food. Wicked wine. Had a white truffle orzo appetizer with a butter braised lobster and filet mignon surf n turf main. Pretty expensive but you definitely get what you paid for. Good ambiance for couple or small group!
$40 for lunch is a big lunch.  The seafood is meh.  Everything is meh, but there's a lot of everything to eat.  Best part is free alcohol and espressos.  Why can't they do that in every buffet?
Bad customer service.\n\nServer forget my napkin, he didn't come back to even ask me how's my food. I have to asked the hostess for my check. \n\nNot coming bank and won't recommend to my friends.
I LOVE this place. It's so gorgeous, so relaxing, so fun to look at all of the new things that the gardeners and engineers come up with. I love coming here all the time just to get immersed into a different world than what Las Vegas has to offer.
Was here for breakfast the other day. Food was good and the service was excellent and quick!\n\nFood: 4\nService: 5\n\nOverall: 4.5 rounds down
I have been eating at this restaurant a few years now, it is always great and made fresh to order. The Garlic Chicken is so amazing I have to eat it at least once per week. yummmm   If you like salad too, you can get almost any dish made into a salad or served with rice.
Prett pathetic place. They are the closest to me for delivery and they won't even go suggested I come and pick up...what's the point of having delivery if I am in their delivery area and the delivery area of the of their restaurants and not one will deliver. Used to love going but now I won't
The Nike store at the premium outlet mall is one of the best places to get all your outlet gear at fantastic prices.  The store is huge, one of the biggest stores in the mall, and the selection and pricing are second to none.
Slow service from start to finish unfortunately and mediocre food other than the desserts.
Good food on service it random as to the quality.  There bathrooms are always nastey and hour clean a bathroom is reflected how clean a kitchen is so get on it.  I will say they are good at keeping your fries full.
Love this cute little juice bar! I was here on business and Sip was recommended to me. Cute cafe to get some work done, friendly staff, & lots of fresh juice options. Will definitely come back if in the area! I wish more of these existed across the nation.
We ordered the \"hospitalized hot\" chicken wings they we're mild at best so we were very disappointed. The pizza was mediocre nothing special and the place was hard to find. It just said PIZZA on the building.
Nevada really needs to work on their plan for funding of PPP in states where there is no state tax. They wanted a 50 dollar deposit for an initial evaluation and 25 dollars for birth control! Those prices are crazy and I have no clue how those who have very little get help from this.
So I went to the movies today (again) and caught the first show (10:40 am).  And again, there was popcorn all over the floor at the snack stand.  WTF??  How can your floor be that dirty and you just opened??
This place reminds of Wong's Palace in Tempe but not as good.  For some reason, the food just doesn't hit the spot.  The chicken chow fun was tasteless and was just flat out goopy.  All of the noodles just stuck to each other.
This is my go to theater, it's not super crowded with plenty of parking.  From the bathroom to the concession stand, it's always well kept.  I have not had a bad experience at this location.... yet.......
This brand-new Korean barbecue is located at the corner of Race and West Water Street in a location which is formally had a coffee shop.
Meh....seems to be dropping off.
Good service and good basic BBQ but nothing out of this world.  I had burnt ends, which were good.  Good draft beer selection.
Very nice place with a taste of island music playing in the background. Had the banana nut French toast with eggs and suasage which was very tasty. Our server was great and the food was brought in quickly. Very nice atmosphere and family friendly.
Service is good! But I have definitely stopped going as much since they raised the prices, and the food quality has gotten worse.
Wasted my time going there at 658pm Friday night when their website said they closed at 8pm.
The check receptionist was \"OK\", The check out receptionist was much more welcoming. The nurse was great and Jennae Porter PA-C was awesome! Would def refer and I plan on making this my Derm place!
Their pancakes are awesome with specialty flavors. Their omelet is very weak. If you come for the pancakes you will be very happy, anything else and I think you will be sorely disappointed.
The food here is amazing and the staff was so nice. The atmosphere is great and I highly recommend it for any occasion!
I love sprouts and I'm glad there is one near my house and work! I love the meals to go and the food is always fresh. It's a bit on the pricer side for groceries but it's well worth it
Good sushi.  Small place north of FLW.  I would go there more often, problem is I forget it's there...
Best Croque Monsieur I've had in a long time. Just excellent. Server was very professional. Setting was amazing. Can't wait to return.
My husband picked up a teriyaki bowl from here last weekend and said the beef tasted strange while he was eating it. Several hours later he definitely had food poisoning.
Ask for Cita or Josh in the fish department for all your aquarium/fish needs. They have excellent customer service and willing to help. Very knowledgeable.
Everyone was right, but for different reasons.  Most of our food was cold and our beer warm. Guess at half price, you get what you pay for.  Even bathrooms rivaled Circle K - gross.
Delicious food and hearty portions. \nI go for the posole on the weekends. \nIn the restaurant now on a Sunday morning and every table has customers with a bowl of posole on it.
Love it! I've never had a pizza with crust so just...I can't even describe it. It is fabulous!
This is a must go too! The lines do get long, so try and go in the early morning or buy your tickets ahead of time. But great just ot walk around and explore. Be sure to stay till 1 oclock to watch the cannon go off!
Been to one in England which was fan. Dissatisfied by the lukewarm welcome, food and service. Won't return.
Went there the other day was not real busy took me at least ten minutes to see a server then ten more to get my coffee maybe the server was having a bad day that does happen once in a while food was ok not great
The Breakfast buffet was descent.  It had everything you would expect or need for breakfast.  I did not take advantage of the guy making omlettes but they looked good.
To be honest, it can't be worst than this! \n\nEverything was bad, coffee, food , place... \n\nI'd rather flush my money down the toilet than to go to this place again.
The lackluster way they let a person to save all the front rows for here I in-laws when there were handicap people like me who needed it. And yes I payed the $5 to post this from my plain
Always clean, quiet. Great selection of DVDs and CDs. Great indoor/outdoor play area for kids.
I took almost an hour to get our food. Our server barely talked to us. The food was good but not worth the wait. The women's restroom was unusable. I was disappointed over all.
I really like this place a lot.  The employees seem to really care and every time I leave with a spotless car.  Nice, friendly people and the prices are right.  Can't really ask for more.  Very satisfied customer.
I'll never forget their sauce.\nITS OVER-THE-TOP ON SWEETNESS.\n\nI'm sure, that for some ...... they can't get enough of it !\n\nWell, for me .... once is enough.
So disappointing. The space feels like a cafeteria, the food is underwhelming. The food looks good, but not the best quality. Very good service however, and I sure hope for everyone's sake employed there the place is reworked.
Wow what great customer service you can ask how you like it they are ready to serve you!!!!
I love this place and order from here all the time! I love the owner and she is the sweetest thing ever. She remembers things about my family and always gives him the cookies he loves. Mings is old school and the atmosphere is very family friendly. I always get the shrimp lo mein and have never been disappointed!
Good, not great, service. Food was average. Might be back if no other options available
Honestly the worst customer service I have ever had. They got my wedding date wrong so they were going to give me back my altered dress three days before my wedding! I really wish there were more bridal stores because this one is just awful.
Yakitori is really good here, the miso is soso, and the rest looked good, but i don't like sushi..the staff is really nice and all in all a fun place.
Bar far the worst baja fresh is town. Small portions cold employees especially the Hispanic manager who had an attitude about giving me more thank 3 napkins. No wonder it was a ghost town in there at 3 pm on a monday. They need better staff
Visiting Tempe and was just walking off dinner and decided to stop in for a beer.  Wound up smoking a good cigar and having a few pints.  Very friendly staff
They called the cops on me saying I had taken something (which I didn't), had to deal with that stupid drama. Their clothes are sucky with only a few good items here and there. I'm never going back.
LA MEILLEURE POUTINE EVER !!!\n\nT-rex !!!\n\nUn peu serr\u00e9 comme restaurant mais super bon et gras \u00e0 souhait haahha!
Excellent meal. Good value. The salmon with cream sauce was delightful and the chick pea salad was very tasty and interesting. The dressing on the dinner salad was delicious and the French baguette was superb. The servers were very accommodating and attentive. The ambience was just what we were looking for.
If you are hard on your vehicles, buy the lifetime tire  balance and rotation for $ 50.00.
Love LOVE this place! My husband and I enjoyed a light dinner a few weeks ago before going to Char's for some music. The service is great and the food is amazing! This is quite a find that will certainly become a regular!
I've been here twice and neither time was good. The service is slow, and disorganized. I once ordered takeout, showed up twenty minutes later as instructed, then stood and waited fifteen minutes for my order  \n\nThe food is okay but overpriced. Do not recommend.
I'll stick to ebay. Same tat just more expensive.
Worst wendy's I have ever been to in my travels all over the USA. Normally Wendy's is at the top of my fast food list. This particular location is HORRIBLE. AVOID !!!
Didn't eat, only had a drink. Place was in dire need of some TLC. Bar area was dirty.
Great food, club atmosphere, great service, great bar.
What more can I say but our server, Jax, was the best ever. Tara and Griffin behind the bar were OUTSTANDING.  The DJ's are wonderful, and the food is the best in Vegas. It was do good, I ate here three times in 5 days and cannot wait to come back!
Good first visit to Bang Bang last night. The black bean patty isn't special but condiments were fresh, fries and rings were solid, and the service was very good. I'll go back.
I have been their a few times to grab food and a beer.  They did a great job on the build out amazing bar with televisions everywhere and the food is top notch.  That's where it stops.  The service has a lot to be desired.  Recommend only for takeout.
If it wasn't for the view, the experience was pretty bland. Food wasn't that good. Serving staff was blah se. I'm wondering what all these good reviews were about, I had a better experience at the  sky city in Seattle. \n\n:c(
If you're looking for a dining experience at Fry's deli area you're better off going to an actual sit down restaurant.  Fry's \"dining style\" food in the deli area is very substandard at the best.
I do not know how this place has such a great review.  I had the crab cakes and it was over priced and was so oily I could barely eat it.  My husband said the same about his food.  Our server was really nice but that was the only good thing I would say about this place.
it was just okay and pricey, to me nothing specail
I seriously think those auto card shufflers are rigged. Anyway, I love the bikini clad card dealers in there. My group and I stood there and stared a bit. Kinda awkward playing in front of a boobies not knowing if staring is okay. That's all I remember about this place.
Cashier (young girl) has great customer service (which is usually rare for Las Vegas).
PeiWei is always a great, consistent choice.  Their food is unique and well prepared, and the restaurant is successful in being simultaneously casual and trendy. It's a perfect blend between cheap fast food chinese and upscale PF Chang quality.
Um\nI flippin' love this place.\nLOVE.\nThe foie gras, blood sausage pizza is richhhhhhh... but man is it good.\n\nHaven't been disappointed here yet!
Located at the end of the strip, i didn't really like this place.. quite boring, far from civilization!... it is convenient with a walgreens located a few minutes away and a mcdonalds.... i will not stay here again.\n\n-x3 shells
Rockaberry is the place to go when you want a cheap, giant serving of dessert. Great for sugarholics.
Best falafel sandwich I've ever had. More people should go here. It's the third option of the complex, including Vincitorio's and Yupha's. I only did pick up so I can't say anything for the service, but the greeter was nice. Will definitely be going back soon.
Excellent tabbouleh salad! Very fresh. Vegetarian dishes all freshly prepared. Service a little slow, but for freshly made, that's ok. Nice folks.
Just horrible.  Tea was rancid and curry was sour rather than sweet-hot.  Waiter pushed back when I sent the bad food away.  I recommend bypassing this place.  I will never go back.
Can't use my 10% off coupon cuz football's on BUT there aren't any football specials and happy hour ends at 5!!!  SUPER Lame!!!  The server IS really nice though.
a dirty li.ttle hole.had a roach crawl on my hand. Joyce the bartender just laughed
Had a problem with my phone. Took 30+ minutes to resolve.. They don't let you leave till it's fixed
It's okay. Very reasonable prices, however for all the talk about 'Maximum Vegas' its not very exciting if you stay in the regular hotel. The signature suites probably warrant maximum Vegas. The rooms at the regular hotel are just meh, kind of like a nicer holiday inn.
It's easy to miss this newly opened Sushi place inside the airport in the same location as the First In Flight Bar.\n\nStopped in for dinner on my way back to DC from Vegas.
I have done business with this company both for residential and for our businesses for about 30 years. They are absolutely top notch!  Very competitive prices but top quality!
They had 2 people working the lunch rush, no brainer they need at least one more.  I eat at capriottis all the time and it was my first trip to this location.   I was severely underwhelmed and my sandwich was ok at best.
We got Pork pot stickers which are fantastic here. We shared a greek salad...Was fair.....then a thai pizza ...Gross I do not recomend this one....
The best massage we've ever experienced.  I recommend Jackie and Taylor.  I felt really good when i walked out of there.  I wish I live here so I can get it every week.
I got take out from here today for lunch and it was ok.  Portion size was good but I'd prefer to go to pei-wei. Their food is a lot bettee plus thai house messed up my order.
Honestly my favorite USO. When I fly I always try to make my connection here. It's inside the terminal so I grab something to eat here, water. Staff is super friendly. I love the sliver jewelry for soldiers.  Will be back again when I travel next.
Pollo Fundito is great. Fish tacos, though small, are terrific. Salsa verde and chips are very good . Love the Old World beer. Hard to find next to Blu Burger Grill and Grimaldi Pizza
I can't rave about this place enough. Ernie is to the point and honest. Tell him what ails your vehicle and his team will find the problem and tell you the solutions.
Terrible service. They have a short Filipina girl working there now. She will ignore you and not even help you. I ask her for help she looked and just walked away. I asked again \"Can I get some help\" She looked and  shrugged her shoulders and walked away again, Go somewhere else that care about customers!
Okay bank, just stopped by here to get some cash.
Dude, it's a Starbucks...just like the other one down the street from the other 4 just around the corner...\n\nMy one and only visit to this location (so far) was pleasant and I successfully ordered, acquired, mixed, and drank my Americano.  Mission accomplished.
Our service was great!! I Like the salad alot but they are going to take out the menu.. Not sure why....
I'm a sushi eater and the sushi here is terrible. Everything has crab meat - even a basic salmon roll. No asparagus or wasabi aioli, etc. Teppan was decent. No fancy show but not bad
Don't eat here. One of the worst burritos I have ever had. It was almost all tortilla and they didn't add the guac I paid extra for. Gross.
eeeeek....ate here twice. had italian beef, disgusting,terrible  bread stale   pizza everything was good on it but sauce had funny taste to it.
Great lunch, and better service.  The grilled chicken and crab dip were a good combination and left me satisfied and happy.  I'll definitely be back.
Great place for a burger!  All kinds of different meat or veggie to choose from!  Love the large variety of toppings.  I got asparagus on my burger!  They also have adult milkshakes!
Order the Black Cod Miso! Hands down the best fish that I've ever tasted.
Made myself and husband very sick. Poor service. Poor quality food. Our child's food was not edible. Disappointed and probably will not return.
First time there. I bought a bag of toffee pecan at the register I started to nibble on it when I got home I actually ate the whole bag its very very evil in a good way YUM yummmm
The caramel ones were heaven on earth, but I agree with the other Yelpers that the standard brownie is on the dry side.\n\nI still have quite a few flavors to sample, but from what I have seen so far, they are not worth the price point.
Good service and excellent Karaoke (Insane songbooks) are what you get at this bar.    If they only had some good beer on tap...  Or at least something beyond the McBeers that every bar carries the star rating would be higher.  The smoking area is nice.  I like the new sign out front.
Great activity for kids. It's clean, spacious and safe.
Always great flavors and toppings! The staff are very friendly and the store is always clean. The pricing is very reasonable as well. Can't go wrong with peanut butter yogurt with peanut butter sauce on top. This place is highly addictive!
This is the worst airline I have ever used. Booked flight for my wife to visit her sick dad. That flight was two hours late. Booked her return flight and it is four hours taking off. I couldn't see how to post negative numbers for he review
Terrible show. Awful music. Only 3 good tricks. Wayyyyyyy overpriced for what you get. Better off watching this crap on TV
It's nice to have a big spacious facility full of reasonably priced fine arts performances. If you don't live in the city normally, you really need to visit this place because you're not likely to find anywhere where you can find great performances at these prices in your hometown.
Service was quick - but all I had ordered was a sesame bagel with cream cheese. So I should be quick.  All I will say is that they barely put any cream cheese on the bagel!! I had to pull the bagel apart just to see they remembered to put it on!
Very dissatisfied with this hospital. I would never take myself or my family here again. The hospital is old and very dirty! Rude staff.
Don't leave anything in the hotel room, they'll just take it... The service is also rude.
The breads, prepared foods, and cheeses are definitely worth checking out. If you're hungry, they make very good sandwiches. Vincenzo's carries a lot of specialty items, but sometimes one can find the more common items much cheaper at a regular grocery store.
Mmmm...chips and THREE different salsas. Both of us had amazing meals (seafood and fajitas) which had to go home with us because we ate so much delicious chips pre-meal...oops. I'm not even mad about it. Lunch the next day!
Great service and the food was really good.
Great local cuisine done right
Nasty, nasty, nasty food.  Worst expierence in quite awhile.
It's more of a lounge. The mixed drinks just taste like juice, but they do have soju. They don't have tables, but they're food is decent for the price. Plus,  they have Bulgogi tots! It's an alright place.
The drinks are good, and service is spot on when the place isn't super crowded. The music can be hit or miss. Sometimes it's awesome, and sometimes not. All in all an okay place.
I stayed in the Tower which was supposed to be an updated room.  It was small, the bed was rock hard, and it featured an old school tube TV.  Not impressive.\n\nOnly saving grace is good location near Mandalay Bay.
A yummy Mexican Sunnyslope dive.  The oatmeal horchata is tasty!  THE torta is really an experience!
Great spot - yes, a chain, but good food and quick!  Ordered an order for pick up and it was ready when I arrived (less than 10 minutes!).  Food was very good as well.
The food wasn't good due to the overcooked level of texture on fish and burger that was ordered. This was a bit disappointing from the fact being a full service restaurant located in the mall in Vegas.
Good pasta, courteous staff.   Pretty empty the night we went, lacking ambiance.
Slow, indifferent service, mediocre and somewhat pricey food, decor reminds me of a mental hospital I once spent a 72 hour hold at... my coworker enjoyed her pasta, my sandwich was aight but I won't be going back (Park Central Deli is much more my style anyway).
Great experience  .. will do business  again !
Best food I've found in pit. Fresh juice, local eggs and bacon and homemade sausage. They just need wipes.
Came back to get a scone. I decided on a strawberry scone. It was huge but flavorless.
I love this place in and out in no time. The food is very fresh made to order, and you can call in your order and come and pick it up I've  tried many rolls all very good.
Just discover these guys, great deep dish pizza, true Chicago style. Only thing that could have done to get 5 stars would be to have more toppings on the pizza.
This place is a must try restaurant that is worth the travel to an area that most would never even think to bother going for dinner. The atmosphere in this place is fantastic and once people start realizing that its here I think it will be packed on must nights so get here fast and be one of the first to discover a great find.
Amazing food, perfect balance of spice and flavour. A must try if you like authentic Chinese food.
I love coming to Gordon Ramsay Burgr, especially when we get Michelle for our waitress!\nThe best service, food always delivered hot and perfect!!\nTry the chicken burger's they are amazing!!\nAsk to sit in Michelle's station!!
One of my favorite places to eat if I'm looking for cheap and fast :)
Been going to Mineo's for the longest time I can remember. Good pizza but certainly not the best one around town! Cash only though!
The Queen was unbelievably flavorful. We ordered a bunch of their Tacos and each was its own special flavor.\n\nHighly recommend
Had a lot of manicures and pedicures before but this one was easily my favorite. Great service, tons of attention. I highly recommend :-)
amazing paninis.\namazing homemade lemonade.\namazing atmosphere.\nreally good place for brunch.\n\nand who can beat the lovely euro feel of old montreal?
Good food,I just wish they would do some remodeling of there restroom, as long as this place has been there and as well as it has established customers the customers deserve a decent restroom to use and upgrading the establishment however its clean and good Mexican food.I will go back never the less
Food was ok. Read reviews about best fried chicken so wanted to try. Having eaten fried chicken at Nana's and Mama dips, was expecting something along those lines.  Greens and cornbread were ok. Yams were the best thing in the plate.  Staff was very personable.
CK dress for $29\nCharles David heels for $19.99\nTommy tote purse for $24 \nReed diffusers for $5....SCORE\n\nThis is a typical trip to this store for me. I love this store!
I ordered egg rolls, sweet and sour soup, and the main course of sweet & sour chicken with white rice.  All was good but i thought the chicken felt more like eating beef jerky.
Very knowledgeable proprietor and huge selection!  A pleasure to visit and browse here...
Great customer service at this place.  Katie, our sales associate/customer rep was friendly and informed.  Our rangemaster, Jeremy, was extremely helpful and patient, and answered our numerous questions.  Excellent experience!
I like the changes in the way they prepare the chicken
Great service!  Prices are reasonable. I love that you can take your dog out on the patio and there's no smoking out there.  The \"Brizza\" or breakfast pizza was a hit with my kiddos!  We will definitely be back when we're in town again.
This place is a treasure. Amazing. inexpensive bread. Highly recommend the boule and batard. Wildly good croissants and focaccia. Only problem is they close at 6 pm on weekdays, and it's hard to get there after work.
If this place is near 40% capacity don't expect to eat. We have been sitting here for over an hour waiting on 2 burgers. Sorry but #servicefail. To be successful in business you have to offer a valuable product, quality of service and a friendly attitude.
This store is ridiculous! I ordered a cake like two weeks ago! But when I went to pick up, they told me they don't have it! I don't understand, how could a store do things like this! No wonder I never see other customers in store.
Had two very good meals here while staying at the Rio.
Great food but service needs to be a little better.
Food was decent, service was terrible. What kind of sushi restaurant serves sushi without wasabi? Let's just say this place is far from authentic!
Did not like this location, loaded fries came out cold, cheese barely melted, honey barbecue boneless wings were bland at best, desert was ok. Not sure if the other locations are better, I will NOT be back to this location.
Not good...store bought ingredients and had little flavor.  My dad is an eating machine and he hardly touched half of his emilianos special.
Have not bought from here as I don't currently own a tank, but stopped in today during their anniversary day and I have to say they have the most variety I've ever seen at one store. It really made me want a tank again!  If I ever decide to start one up this would be the place to go!
Always delicious food. Great service and always clean. They also give uniformed police 50% off. Great place. Glad to know people still like the police.
So go thru the drive thru and get ignored. No one answers then decide ok I will go inside. Once inside the only person in the place doesn't acknowledge I am there while he is making good and I am there at the counter waiting 20 min and not one word. WORST SERVICE EVER!!!!
Probably the best Italian food I have had so far the in the valley. Our waiter was very friendly as well. This is more of a spot to bring your significant other then a group full of kids.
Wonderful food and shopping available, but why does the restroom have a valet in it taking tips?  This isn't a European nightclub.
Best value inside GVR casino. Friendly staff. Best $3 breakfast sandwich ever! I don't eat anywhere else when I'm at GVR. The subs are great, but if you are looking for a great deal, try the sandwiches on sliced bread. I prefer the roast beef.
Great BBQ and good prices. We will be back hope fully when the music is playing .
Great big bar. They have a bull on certain nights, which can provide some entertainment. The drinks are reasonably priced and the waitresses/bartenders are hot! Yay college town!
Nice place, pretty good, but could be much better.
Great ambiance.  Very chill, very bright, and even more hipster than cagibi.
Kids are ready for summer camp!
Honestly wasn't the best ramen I've tried in Vegas. The gyozas (pot stickers) weren't as crispy and the broth was a little too oily for me. This is coming from a native Japanese girl so, yeah.
The most amazing bakery, the tarts are to die for, Ive tried almost everything there and they are all equally just as amazing.  The lemon cake is my favorite!  This lady sure knows how to bake and the service is wonderful :)
Great prices! Great groomers! And a stress free environment! Your 4 legged friend is in great hands here!
This place had bed bugs crawling all over the bugs in the sink and immediately got a refund and ran out of their itching for the rest the day
Killed it. \n\nHad a perfect, roasty, smooth, pourover coffee served in a beautiful little mug for a reasonable price. Lovely service. Not sure what else I could possibly asked for.
The architecture was gorgeous. Building is quite pretty and modern. I can't help but feel that there isn't much to see inside though. There were nice exhibits but it could have been a lot better if they added more substance.
Horrible drinks. Manager could tell we were not happy with our drinks fixed only one. Food needs help. Bartender had a bad attitude. Server was amazingl. Great tacos at take out bar
I have been to this location twice and the only consistent thing is rude staff who apparently are not trained in customer service skills. The potato soup was *ok*.
About 2 miles off the highway, but worth the stop. $3 for a 5\" turkey grinder (all the toppings) and $1.80 for an eegee (frozen drink.) The tables were clean and the service was fast.
The facility is perfect for me.  They have plenty of equipment for everyone and their spinning class is awesome.  Plus you are at the stadium!  I have seen some of the dbacks coaches, and some of the players actually working out while i was there! Its a perfect fit for my downtown needs..
Went here for a Father's Day breakfast.  Besides lunch and dinner, they also serve breakfast all day.  Nice folks, darn good diner food, nice size portions.  Lots of old people come here, but they don't try to mug you in the bathroom or anything like that.
Absolutely disgusting selection of meat. The produce isn't much fresher. And it never fails, whatever else I happen to need is out of stock. I loathe shopping here. I have complained to management before and it doesn't really do any good.
alhamdulillah an amazing masjid. very mixed cultures which is beautiful and supportive!
I've eaten at this restaurant twice, The second time being just as bad as the first. Ive experienced better service at Chevron buying a coke.
Awesome Red curry ... I loved it and it was spicy too. Came with white rice. I tried their mushroom soup it was loaded with mushrooms and extremely spicy but good. Can't wait to try more
The staff here is friendly and efficient.  They literally take care of everything for you when it comes to packaging your items and getting them sent off!  This will definitely be my go to place from now on for all of my shipping needs.
Had breakfast at the one in Planet Hollywood Casino.  It was pretty good.  Kind of greasy but makes good drunk food.
My home. I love this place. They are so fast and always chipper. A great start to my work days. Thanks ladies!!
okay mall, has a decent selection of stores.
I always get sick from their pierogies. Worst Polish food I've ever had. I grew up eating Polish food and have been to Poland several times, so I know what I'm talking about.
This is an excellent authentic Mexican restaurant.  New location recently opened in Surprise, Arizona.  Service was fantastic and food was delicious.
Again major disappointment at the store. No screen savers for gallery s3 what a lame store. And the employees need to take a customer service class they are rude and have no customer skills. Verizon needs to fire the whole management staff and hire managers that are customer serviced skilled
Well, now I know why people don't usually put french fries in their sandwiches. Sandwich comes out huge and kind of dry, and you can't taste the meat at all.
Bad service. Super slow for airport, no ketchup but it's a fry and burger joint. Fries are good.
Wouldnt want to go there unless u want rat shit on ur plate!
I really like the food at this place. Great choices, quick and good service if you eat-in. I find the take-out to be really unreliable though. They seem to not always answer the phone somehow even in hours when I know they're open. Only reason I didn't give the restaurant 4 stars.
Rooms are clean.  Unfortantly staff double charged my credit card and messed up my weekend plans.. Manager did not offer solution just that Person was new and made a mistake.  Now I must wait 5 days to get my money back.
$0.35 oysters for happy hour, $1 beers and hot waitresses. BOOM
Please review this ad carefully. \"We Provides\"? Do yourself a favor, before calling this replace service, go shoot yourself in the foot first. You will still have less problems than you would than if you hired \"Joe\" to Work on your appliances. Complete Fraud!
Hey guys, stop getting all businesses. Groceries have to be fresh and there have to be helpers but noooo, not with Wal Mart. We have the money so put up a store so we can put all other stores out of business.\nDo what you are best at not do everything and everything poorly.
The Omelette House has been my business breakfast location for the past 20+ years. The food is excellent, the service is great, and the atmosphere makes it \"feel like home\"!
Always a favorite when we travel to Las Vegas and Dallas. Love it!
Great service- overpriced food :-/
Always a good time :-) the food is always so good, and not your average, everyday options. Our server was a little flustered and slow, but there were a lot of us and people were coming and going all evening (it was a good bye party for my boss). Regardless, we all had a great time!
This Fry's would have gotten a 5 star if they didnt change their hours. that really disappointed me because this is my favorite Fry's grocery store. now they close at 12am =(
I had a wonderful time looking around! There are so many things there that catch my fancy, its almost dangerous to go there;)
Pei Wei Combo!  Need I say more?  :)
Amazing customer service! We are first timers that will surely be returning customers everytime we visit LV. Great help from AJ, Danny, and owner Daniel. Thank you for the warm, friendly, welcoming vibe. Will definitely recommend to our friends and family both here and back home in California. -Margo and JR
Looking authentic Mexican food? This is the place! Inside is small and not fancy but the food rocks. Everything I have had has been very good.
Our server was great..  ! It wasn't very busy ,we got sat right away,everyone was nice even the manager stopped by to see how we were doing that rarely happens at bdubs, overall probably the best Buffalo wild wings that I have ever visited
Wonderful company!!  It was a pleasure working with Stephanie and our driver Billy was amazing!!!\nThanks Elite!
Awesome! Amazing protein choices! Flavor was fantastic and service was great. Can't wait to go back!
This place is a hidden gem.   From its baked goods to their filling sandwiches you cant go wrong.
Great food and excellent service. Server made thoughtful recommendations with what I actually wanted in mind. I'm not local, I'll be coming back here when I'm in Vegas! Don't let the rundown look of the outside turn you away. Lotus is the real deal.
Worst service ever! We waited more than 40 minutes to get WATER! I went to get a pitcher myself. Eventually we walked out and I don't think the \"manager\" even noticed. Funny thing the restaurant was half empty. Stay away from here!!
The food is 1 star I would rather starve to death, but great place to watch NFL games and they have tons of tvs.
Disappointed. Suzie was very rushed. About 10 minutes into my appointment another girl walked in for her appointment. Suzie sent her to go get her feet done in the meanwhile. This is the worst my nails have looked
Among the best pizza in Charlotte, Pasta is excellant also. Friendly staff. Only negatives, place is small and you order at counter, no beer on draft.  Also the Air Conditioning  never seems to be working.  But those are real minor complaints, the food is bloody amazing.
Very cool place, fantastic ambiance, hip and cool. Some really great hand crafted cocktails using freshly muddled ingredients and some excellent everclear/vodka infusions. One of the drink that had a habanero infused honey that is a must try if you like it hot!
Macroni Grill, was once a great restaurant chain. Now, it's dying a slow death, all because the value of customer service, proper restaurant management have long gone. You can't rest on the laurels of the brand that was once exceptional!
Erica is awesome! She waxes my eyebrows and does a great job. She's quick and always makes sure that I like I the shaping. I bought a groupon for my first visit and now she honors that pricing every time I come in, she's so sweet!
Great people with a biker bar ambience. People were relatively friendly with cheap drinks.\nOnly problem: it was in a very shady area.\nI would go back in a group.
Favorite Indian food in AZ. The staff is friendly, my father is a regular and they know him by name. Buffet is so good, and it tastes so flavorful. The naan is also very good and my favorite.
Good to have them back up and operating in a new location.  Excellent Philly's.
This is probably the best coffee shop in Summerlin. It's a bit pricey, but the drinks are solid, and the macaroons are to die for.
We had raw shellfish for lunch - the platter to be exact. I was disappointed in the staff knowledge of what was on the plate/remembering to bring the amenities, and what was on the plate was good but not great.  I'm not sure the food is up to the plan they have. Would be interested to try for dinner.
Took us 10 minutes to be seated and there was nobody else ahead of us in line. Not at all a traditional sushi place at all with terrible costumer service
get newer seats. the seats ruin everything. so uncomfortable. its a nice idea having a home theater style for the public but the seats..
Very clean and tasty pizza will surely go back
I have been going to this location because we have a group that meets here once a month. I am not really a fan of their food. I much prefer Wildflower's choices, And the attitude of people behind the counter has always been like- I'm doing you a favor by making this sandwich or salad or whatever.
Save room at the end for a pizza cookie! I even converted my sweets-hating husband to a pizza cookie fan!
Overpriced. Good ingredient put together all wrong. It's like they didn't do Mexico or china right but tried to do both. :(
A friend of mine really liked this place, \nI've totally had better gelato.\nThe flavor selection wasn't too good.\nThey had a lot of the basic flavors, but nothing adventurous. \nThe flavor was alright, but I wasn't blown away at all.
Nice place.  Good server.  Clean and lots of variety.  My kids got a kick out of the revolving belt.
Ok. Not fantastic. Overpriced and overrated on yelp.
Love it. \nLines are long during dinner hours but its worth it. \neach plate is anywhere between 1$ to 3$. \nthere are a lot of varieties and you can even order directly. \n\nif you dont like the sushi, there are other food options availables.
Love fish and chips - just not here.  The fish was cooked nicely but totally under seasoned.  My biggest complaint is the watered down vinegar.  If you are going to serve Sarsons in a Sarson container then it should be authentic and original.
Indifferent food, atrocious service.
Opening day and it lived up to the Oreganos we know and love.    Great food, great service.
I really did like this place it smelled like smoke and the food and service was not that great. I purchased a Groupon and I am thankful I did. I would not go back there.
Outstanding food quality and customer service by the waiter.
Nice atmosphere with above average food. This restaurant has a lot of potential. The wait staff was far below average: They were slow, and we had to ask multiple times for things. They were not the most polite wait staff, and our waitress was either a little demeaning or very socially awkward.
Had dinner here which consisted primarily of sushi for our group.  Sushi was nicely presented, and pretty good, but nothing phenomenal.  Some of the fish was dry - others seemed to be OK.  The service was slow.  And for the price, I'd go elsewhere.  Underwhelming.
Why would you go here for Espresso when Caffe Art Java exists in Montreal?  Ya, please serve me some espresso from a pod...good? lol
Without a doubt, the most friendly employees I have come in contact with in quite some time.... and this was 20 minutes before they closed the dining room.  Everything was fresh tasting and hot.  We were very pleasantly surprised.
The soondubu was so good! Now it should be add on one of my fav dishes, medium spicy was perfect for me. Service was nice, very friendly. Definitely recommend!
I arrived fifteen minutes early. I was not seen until an hour and a half after my appt time. I walked in after a lady. She left I still was not seen until twenty minutes after she left. The office was clean, service in my opinion was poor.
The room was pretty nice but there was no hot water in the shower.  The pool area was closed in March but they still charged the full resort fee. We had booked a room with a king bed but they gave us a room with a queen. The location was great though.
This restaurant was AWESOME. The culinary  manager, Eugene, was GREAT. Our server, Maria, had so many tables and still was the best waitress I've ever had. The service was wonderful and the food was even better. This was my first time here and we will absolutely be back. Highly recommend! :)
Our family made the mistake of dining here on Thanksgiving. Everything from the table to the food to the clueless and absent waiter was outright below average and certainly no where near the kind of restaurant described in the other reviews (which I wonder now if were written by the owner or manager). What a disappointing holiday.
Great gym.  Mostly great because it's brand new.  kind of crowded during rush hour, but not so much that you can't get anything done.
Worst Quiznos...employees are not interested in their product.
The employees in the shop suck. The course is in awful shape. It took an hour to play three holes. I don't think I will ever go back. I had to take off after 9 holes because it took 3 hours to play them. What happened to Stonecreek?
AMAZING\n\nI just had lunch here and it was AMAZING. I love this place. I can't believe it took me this long to stop in! I had the Pad Thai and eggroll. This food is fresh tasting, fulfilling, and pretty inexpensive. I would recommend this place to anyone.
Came here for a catered happy hour - drinks were okay, but food was pretty good. Definitely go for the short rib quesadillas and whoopie pies!
Great service, friendly staff, great food, great prices. What more can you ask for in a small town breakfast place? Will definitely be back
By far my favorite wing place. Don't let the strip mall exterior turn you off. This place has amazing wings at a decent price. Try the Hoisin Honey, my personal favorite!
My girlfriend and I had a great time at Aliz\u00e9!  The view is amazing and the food and the service are top notch!  I had the salmon with king crab and she had duck accompanied by a nice bottle of wine.  We will definitely be back next time we're in Vegas!
Looking for quiet?  Could be why when asking for extra blankets and ice (two separate requests) we never received them.  Too bad, because the room was very clean and comfortable.  Wondering if it will be busier when the snowbirds roll in?  Left to look for breakfast elsewhere, don't enjoy a restaurant without patrons.
Convenience is king here - not a huge selection but small portions and pre-prepared dinners make it a favorite. They also stock healthier fresher alternatives than a typical grocery store.
Weak Irish bar. Small selection (2 brands) of Irish whiskey. I sat down and waitress never came by. I had to chase down the bartender for a drink. Walk 100 yards across the street to mc mullens, a real bar.
The pizza isn't bad and the prices are fair
Excellent service - fun atmosphere. And the pizza is about as close I've had to NY style as I've had outside of NY.  Wish I didn't live 800 miles away.
Stay away.
Cool for Vegas. Seems like Orange County, but not in a bad way.
Breakfast or brunch at lon's is consistently delicious. Good service. Great ambience. Solid menu. Priced right for food and experience.  Go when you have time to relax and take in the experience.
really good food & a good bar.  the location is good too.  definitely gone back numerous times.  parking is a bit of a pain, but not horrible and they have valet, although i think valet is the biggest scam around.
I ate here for a friend's birthday, and it was an awesome dining experience. The chef was so talented, I can't describe the tricks and skills he showcased preparing our meal. The portioning was perfect and everything was well cooked.
Disgusting portions of cheap and unhealthy grub. And long lines.
The burrito was amazing! Skip the guacamole though, it's basically just pur\u00e9ed avocado with nothing else in it.
Food was ok. Your normal wings. My only complaint was that we tried to enjoy a nice night our side and the patio was pretty dirty. Somebody should go out on a regular schedule and sweep.
Place is ok. Not very good but just ok. I'd go somewhere else before choosing this place.
24 hour donut shop that also sells homemade sandwiches and GREAT coffee. prices are decent and the atmosphere has that  fun donut/coffee shop feel. the workers seem nice most of the time as well.
It is definitely hard to find a new barber, who won't screw up. John Mario's is the only place I go anymore. The barbers are excellent and can definitely prove their skills. Make an appointment with John and be satisfied with your haircut; $20.\nI come here bi-weekly.
Reminded me of a toned down Buca-di-Beppo , good atmosphere , pleasant staff and copious amounts of food.\nThe olive oil with the bread was very good.\nSalad was good\nLasagne...ok\nThe choice of wine was a let down.
Sorry to say this place is taking a nose dive. The quality of rooms are subpar, the gaming is limited, and their buffet was awful. Sadly, LVH is starting to match the Riveria in quality.\n\nDon't get me started about the moody staff . . .
The prepared food section has gone downhill since my first review.  Twice I've been here on recent trips and I have noticed two trends:\n\n1.  Less variety.\n2.  Freshness has suffered.  I don't really want prepared food that has a crust I need to break through and push to the side.  Yuk.
I called to make an appointment and the person was so rude that I never even booked.  Won't ever be going to this place!  Don't they know you can through a rock from their front door and hit 40 other salons?
I can think of more enjoyable and cheaper ways to spend an afternoon- say getting piss drunk on a bottle of Old Crow and passing out on the monorail, but then I wouldn't have had the opportunity to win a cheap guitar that will be placed on e-bay post haste.
Over priced, but decent food. Probably wont go back again.
This place is expensive, small and filled with little kids. The lead climbing is a joke and the bouldering is mediocre. Its ironic that the most convenient gym in phoenix is the worst. The staff is incredibly high maintenance and obnoxious. Not worth it for climbers, maybe for a kids birthday party
NEVER has hot and ready pizza. Tastes decent once it is ready though.
The Chicken Boti Kebab is phenomenal--the chicken is tender and full of flavor, and it is served with great pickled onions and a delicious green sauce.
Great food and awesome atmosphere!  I found this hidden gem while in Vegas for a week and I will be going back before my trip is over.  Get the buffalo chicken pizza, you wont regret it!
Just, seriously -- don't come here. The food is so repulsive that I'm surprised they're still in business. I actually am having trouble revisiting the food we ordered there enough to just write this review. Also, despite what you hear, the cocktails suck. Don't waste your time.
They have a big Menu.. Yummy choices but!! They don't have them went you ask for something in the menu...
This review is based on service only.\n\nHostess was so stuck up and rude. Just because you work at a high end restaurant doesn't mean you're high class and definitely doesn't mean you can treat people with such disrespect. I believe her name was Brianna or Bianca.
Probably one of the coolest bars in Madison. Quirky without being pretentious, laid back without being soporific. Fantastic beer selection and really friendly staff.
$50 for a mat!?!?  I am extremely bothered by this.  Is this a rip off or what?  The worst purchase I have EVER made.
Super loud sports bar.   Food prices seemed high until I saw the portions.  Ok flavors.  But with so many better places nearby I have no reason to return.\n\nDespite having ample room they poorly accommodated our group of 9 by splitting us up and sitting us at two booths - then adding the group gratuity.
ive been here twice and want to really like it, but always found it to be sub par.  sure, the food is cheap and its open whenever you need food, but its always mediocre at best and sometimes tastes kind of funky.
Extremely disappointing, we felt the show was VERY sloooooooow.  We kept waiting for it to pick up, and frankly it never did.  The people around us shared this opinion.  I would skip this show in lieu of much better Vegas shows.
this place is horrible. the waiters are rude and the food is average. the waiter I had never came back and filled our drinks and was nothing but rude to me and my family. the salad also tasted of dirt like they plucked it fresh out of the garden and didn't wash it.
Great view! I was surprised there were not more tourists when we were there or there wasn't even a park or setting to enjoy the view but there was a great Incline place.  There was a great view of Pittsburgh, a little museum with history, and a ride that took you right to the bottom! I would suggest any tourist going here!
Fast service, always fresh food. Great value. I have a preference for the #15 Pho Tai Bo Vien. Noodle soup with rare eye round steak and beef meatballs. Not a salty broth like some Phos sometimes come.
Just another restaurant in Charlotte with hype. I order the steak and it was horrible. I should have known, never order a steak if it's not a steak house. We also order the scallops and it was OK. Will go back to give it another taste.
Came here with a bachelor party.  Got bottle service, over priced but that's expected.  Great atmosphere and music.  On the night we went, women were beautiful and friendly.  Staff definitely did their job on making us feel comfortable with drinks, ices, and cups.  Not the best club I went to but definitely up there.
Very friendly service, love that this place is locally owned! They will text you when your prescription is ready. Overall I've had great experiences here.
The price was way too high for an average car wash at $13 for the basic wash.
If you like dinosaurs....kids get goggles and tools to \"dig\".\n\nPlan on a few hours or more to explore.
I'll give them another try, though.  I love Chicago pizza and had high hopes, but the deep dish here was a big let-down.  I liked the crust and the breadsticks, so next time we'll try a different pizza.  Nice staff and quick prep.
Food was delicious! Ambiance top notch. Fun, classy decor to look at everywhere you turn. Our server was super attentive and ready with menu suggestions and recommendations. We will absolutely be back and bring our friends! :)
If you are looking for good customer service this is not the place. It starts at the front door by the sour expression on the hostess face and spreads through the restaurant to the servers. I watched one waitress deliver food to three tables snd not say a word to her customers.  Tory was our server and she was great.
Meh is right. Nothing special and lunch service is slow. There are many better options in the area. Oh and what's with the frying oil smell? Ventilation please!
Great service and great food.  We had salmon and peel and eat shrimp and both were wonderful.  The service was quick and friendly with great attention to our needs.  Our first trip here but not our last
Yum, first time here and it was pretty delicious. I had some reservations after reading some of the reviews but I was pleasantly surprised. Food was fast and tasty, the customer service was great.
Excellent tacos, decent price.  Fun way to kill a few hours and eat some amazing variations upon the classic taco.
Great prices and great food!!!
worst tropical smoothie in vegas. \nthey're rude and mess up orders.
Very good but pricey if you want to order your own pizza.  Food is great, very noisy inside.
I mean I know it's 11am on a Saturday but would it kill anyone behind the bar to have a smile on their face?
It just OK!
Decent Middle Eastern food.  They have a nicely varied overall selection, and pretty good lentil soup.  I wasn't particularly wowed by my selection (the vegetarian combo), but I might go here again to try out some of their other dishes.  Until then, Sahara is just A-OK to me.
Poor service, poor food! Ordered the steak and potato soup which was horrible. Sent it back. Didn't order anything else because it took too long to get the original order. We will never be back!
View was great food was awful. Got cut off after 3rd drink. I would not recommend except for view.
Nice buffet
Awesome happy hour and the staff is great ! Reasonably priced average plate is between $10 to $15 . Live music every night ! Awesome local talent which sets the mood !
This place has no right to act as snobby as they do. I've been to better salons that have been more welcoming. Not only did the hair stylist go much darker than I asked but the aesthetician didn't impress me either. This place is not worth the money or time.
Seem to never get a good pizza from here. I like the idea and their Custer service is good but never have had a good piZa from there.
What a messed up operation the help there this morning was certainly overwhelmed with the 5 customers they were trying to deal with the breakfast crosant was way to expensive compared to other fast food restaurants
The food is amazing. Service is good. The only thing is its a little over priced. But we still go there because it's so good.
Very bland.
Always a great time. Loud music, great food, and friendly people.
This one is bigger than Gibson library. Has more selection of things. Next adventure is Paseo...
Was disappointed in 95% of the entire show.  Very sad as I really like these guys;.  \n\nUGH. \n\n:(
This place has zero customer service. They lost my clothes after I confirmed they had them. The owner looked at me and told me there was nothing to do. She is miserable... DO NOT GO HERE!!!!!!!!
$6 for a Pabst Blue Ribbon... are you flippin' kidding me?!  This isn't Comerica... they at least turn the AC on.
My favorite food truck I've tried in the city! The hot dogs are unique, the people working are nice, and you definitely get enough food for $6. Try the Igby!
Decent food. Decent service. This is the second visit for us. The bacon pancakes are good. It definitely gets crowded but we sat at the counter so we were seated right away. We will try it a third time.
I can never understand why this place has such great reviews!?!? It boggles my mind. The pho here is just alright, what really gets me is the pricing. It is way too pricy for sub-par pho! this place was unphogettable, for being pricy and not flavorful!
The woman working the South Curb of Terminal 4 was such a sweetheart. Enjoyed talking to her while waiting for the van. Didn't take much time for a van to arrive. Reached my destination quite quickly and will use service again.
Horrible. Service is slow and sucked. Lazy wait staff and the system was down for over a day. So cash only. Go to any other chilis except this one!
Okay I like this place but prices have gotten higher... And the man that works here always looks at everyone like they are going to steal or something! It not like I wanna pocket a 2 dollar nail art! Customer service sucks
Totally on point for all visits!  Haven't been disappointed!  Their seasonal salads are super and memorable.
Very friendly and attentive staff,  My diet coke was kept filled and my empty plates were quickly taken away.  The selection is not big, but acceptable.  I was hoping that the sushi section would be larger, but then again do I want to eat cheap raw fish in the middle the desert?
Scrappy pool tables, mediocre beer, but hey, they have air hockey and really don't care what you do. Useful space to meet up with college friends since it's easy for everyone to get to. Staff are nice but the place itself is rather unenergetic.
we are huge fans of their reverse happy hour on sundays. we get great service and are out of there before the uppity crowd arrives for some fool-snobbery. ra is a great sushi staple in the valley.
Went during lunch and place was completely empty. Cheap food, huge portions, very nice staff! Homemade ranch was to die for! Go here for lunch if you are in the neighborhood!
The most absolutely disgusting food I have ever tried in my life..pure oily grease and cheap noodles. Will never return.
Took the family to Griddle Cakes on my referral and half way thru our meal a baby tarantula decided to climb up the wall right next to me and ruin our meal. I was done!!! The waitress only comped my wife's coffee, so here I am $41 later and I'm still hungry.
Nothing I hate more then dried out BBQ and it doesn't get any drier then this.  Maybe next time I should order the shoe leather
Loved my iced mocha! adorabl;e cool spot.
Good location; healthy tasty food.  Two doors down From a GNC is a great location for a bodybuilder-inspired eatery. \n\nMy turkey chili tasted great over brown rice; however, the portion size was extremely small and I left hungry (not something a bodybuilder wants l)
This place had so much potential to be a great neighborhood bar. What a disappointment. It's gone from bad to worse in the past 2 years. Wanna get depressed? Go here.
I want to make this pretty short and sweet. The food was good, but not at the ridiculous prices that they charge. The view is gorgeous. It takes about an hour and a half to see the strip go around once, not 15-20 minutes.
Packed. Lovely. The bar is full and the drinks are strong. The music is loud and the people are...well..cute. lol Or usually not. But that's just me. Clean the floors. Remodel the bathrooms. Keep on GETTIN it with the drag shows.
Stayed with a cheese plate.  The malbec is nice.  The Alhambra beer was a hit.  Lamp chops were tasty.  Oxtail was wonderful.  Apple crisp excellent.  Nice evening.
Great food, espcially the crab legs and stone crab bisque. Service was excellent across the board.
Great food , good service and good atmosphere ! They also have a great happy hour !
Over priced for just deli meat... alos took a long long long time to get food
I'm glad there is a place to get a good slice in this particular part of South Scottsdale. Although the delivery took quite some time , I will say it was worth it and the left overs made a great hungover breakfast.
I stop in every time I come to Las Vegas. The pizza is great and the sausage and ranch are the best I have ever had!
Amazing! So many flavors and you get to try 3 samples. Hazelnut and coffee was my choice and it was fantastic so glad I found this place.
As a teacher you would think I would love this place and it was nice that the food was named after books. But the place was Full I mean full of hipsters. Plus we had to sit upstairs  and I didn't really like that. The food was okay, nothing to die over.
Very loud dining room, hard to talk. They advertise gluten free but don't truly have a menu or understanding of it.  Great server but my salad came out with bread on it, had to go back.
Good food, nothing really that special. Good tzatziki.\n\nThis location doesn't serve gyros because of some \"deal\" with the Tasty Kabob restaurant in the same shopping center. I guess they're trying not to steal business from them.
$18 per day resort fee for nothing!!!  This was a nice hotel but now is outdated and over-priced.  stay at the Palms or Mirage, much better for a lower price
chipotle philly cheesesteak!
Very nice and delicious!
Two inches of legroom.  US AIR should go the way of eastern and northwest.  Customer service, planes and even  the home airport are all terrible! Forced on here after being delayed all day!  If there was a way to give negative stars, I would.
Being born in 1970 was about perfect. Pittsburgh was becoming the City of Champions. The Steelers will always be my favorite team. I even have the logo on my neck, under my ear :D  Mostly having this tat lets me know where the Steelers bars are in other towns, as soon as someone sees it the usually tell me.
Is it just me, or does anyone else feel the need to sanitize themselves after leaving this dark, grimy store?
We go here regularly - it is a solid 4 star sushi restaurant with good, quick service and consistently fresh food. Are there better sushi places with fancier rolls? Yes. But the service is wonderful and the prices are more than reasonable. It is our go-to place and we would recommend it any day.
They only gave 1 table for parties of 4 or more and the policy of joining tables for larger parties isn't allowed??? What type of BS is that? Crappy hostess greeting with a shitty attitude problem. No thanks, I'd rather eat at a hot dog stand on a street corner. A-holes.
Great family doctor! Super excite that I found her!
Keeping up the high standards of the rest of the chain for healthy prompt quick tex mex style food.
2 stars because the burgers are average (would be 3 stars) but the price for what you get is high (minus 1star).   With that said, I probably should go back just to see. But first impressions are usually what stick.
Definitely improved. Perhaps my first experience was an off night, maybe even an off off night. However, the recent three  visits have been delightful.
The service was extremely rude.  I sat for five minutes waiting to order at the bar because the barmaid was too busy chatting.  I might have ordered food had I not felt so unwelcome.
t's back!  They have moved to the old Blockbuster Space in Quail Corners at 8400-A Park Road..  By far the best Salsarita's location in Charlotte.  (I thought that about the old location as well).  Ingredients are fresh, and the quality is impeccable.
Authentic ramen. Noodles were cooked just right. We had Shoyu and Paitan ramen and both of the ramen's broths were excellent, but a bit salty. \nClean and modern atmosphere. Definitely a place to try if you are craving for soup noodles.
Again, great location but so-so otherwise.  If you're like me, 3 or 4 days in Vegas is IT.  Saving $$ and staying at Bally's is not a bad idea.
My very first massage ever and it was great! Chinese style massage is awesome. Ive seen the other reviews and some disliked it. If your looking for a swedish massage then please dont go here. Its ASIAN massage. I love it for $20. Ill definitly come back often!
Never ever coming to this place again.. Came here twice, expecting other hairstylist can get my haircut that I wanted but still they messed it up.
Went there recently for a half a sandwich and salad on their lunch special.\n\nMy only complaint is that it's relatively pricey. Overall I would say that it is definitely worth it when you factor in the amazing service and the variety of fresh ingredients.\n\nDefinitely try it!
Worst customer service..!! If you plan to open an account don't believe it will take 15 minutes to be helped. It's actually more like an hour..!!
Johnny was amazing, greets you at the door by name and already knows what you want... Exceptional. Also Jean is amazing always smiling and delightful
Still the best dinner theater .Great for all ages .Very clean ,and nice .
We had a decent Southwest/TexMex breakfast there. It was fresh, hot, inexpensive (by the Vegas Strip's standards) , and the food was simple but comforting and decent tasting. So, I definitely recommend the place for a simple southwest-style breakfast.
We didn't purchase anything today.  But the staff was very friendly, helpful, and didn't mind explaining about the different shoes (like MBT).  Not cheap, but good quality stuff.  You mostly don't find Skechers or other cheap stuff here.  I can foresee buying shoes here in the future.
Loved the food but took about thirty minutes to get it the three times I went. Service could be better but I loved the Italian beef so much I *might* suck it up and stop by a fourth time.
Great place for a business lunch or lunch with friends.  Had a fabulous sandwich, grilled ham and brie, and roasted green bean salad.  Nice, clean, friendly atmosphere!
Great place to stay!  Friendly, helpful staff makes this place very comfortable.  Great cont. breakfast.  Pool, hot tub area is a great place to get \"all over\" sun!!!  I will be back again soon!!!
I needed a USB3 port external hard drive 1 terabyte.   They had no technical knowledge what so ever.  This was 1 of many useless trips where the staff didn't know their stuff and it took forever to get help.
These guys are awesome.  I had just come out here in August and needed a smog check but there was a leak in my exhaust system, I went to Purrfect auto which wanted to charge me $700, I came away from her and the work with materials was $120.  They are honest and fast.
Drinks are wonderful....but the food is uneven. When it is good, it is very good...when it isn't....it isn't bad, it just lacks impact.
We stopped in here, because it is in the same plaza as Predators Reptile Center and it was definitely worth looking at. They have a very large selection of salt water fish and a few fresh water fish as well. Its a small store, but still pretty cool.
Grand Lux is good food in very large portions. Very large. Don't order an app, and share an entree. Everything I've had has been pretty darn good.You can eat pretty cheap here because of the portion size. They have some pretty good ice cream drinks, and the sangria is yummy.
Pasta had ZERO flavor. I was very disappointed. To be fair, the bruschetta was good.
Gotta agree with the praise for Los Gemelos. Great $3 sopes, tasty tacos too! All freshly made that should be freshly made. Contento!
Wow, what a turn around this airline has had.  The aircraft are in great shape and they consistently get me where I am headed in a timely manner.\n\nLooking forward to the first class seats on their regional jets (this is a MUCH needed upgrade)\n\nKeep up the good work!
This place was horrible. It was not clean. The staff did not seem very friendly, and to top it off, it was extremely cold. I will definitely not be going back.
I think Timbers has by far the best bar food in town. As far as the service goes, I've had different experiences. Sometimes it's great, sometimes it's not.
I really like Emilianos.  The chile relleno is great as is the tortilla soup and I LOVE the sangria!!!
We had such great service today! Our waitress set up a table for 9 within ten minutes of us getting there and made my niece's birthday really special with a fancy coke, and a birthday cupcake. Awesome experience!
I love Dutch bros and especially this particular location!! They are genuine and enjoy their job and it shows. They make you feel welcome and are upbeat every visit. I am so happy they have ventured out to the west side of the valley
You have to be kidding me.  Possibly the worst food in Vegas.  The only thing fresh was the salad and the horseradish.  Brisket=Leather tough.  Chicken= bla.  Dessert was sad.
Great oysters!! Clam chowder and calamari were also very good. The crab cakes were just okay.  If you love oysters go to this place, yum!
Possibly my favorite place to eat the food excellent the beer heavenly and for any sports occasions awesome i suggest if u haven't been get ur ass here asap they also have daily chef specials soooooo good
Had the sampler and loved the Red Mountain Ale and the Dunkel Weizen but I am partial to amber beers. Great to have a brewery on Main St. in Mesa !
No Buena ! \nRice was okay and chips were okay.\nI won't be returning \nMade me sick all night  ;(
I was unable to get ahold of them on a prepaid voucher. What a tragic example of the American small business! Shame on you Maid Affordable for having such poor business practices!!
Did not care for this place. Limited selection of burgers without a crate your own option. Adding toppings costs $1.00 per topping. Actual burger very dry. Good shakes and fry selection, but definitely not worth the money for the value.
It's a little more pricey than I like for lunch, but good stuff overall.  They do a good job.  You hear lot's of comparisons to YC's and, while this is the same concept, this place has more/better things to put in your mix.
gut gelegenes hotel,sehr freundliches personal,top fr\u00fchst\u00fccksbuffet,rel kleine zimmer..jederzeit wieder,preis/leistung stimmt!
Pinnacle At Towne Center raised rent $200 per month our second year living in the complex.
Food sux. Overpriced. Wont come here again!
CLOSED !!!!  Soon to be Boardwalk Billys.
Best fast food Mexican place around. food is freshly cooked, inexpensive and delicious . Beats Robertos for sure. Not a fancy place but if you want excellent Mexican food, this is the place to go!
We had the 7-course tasting menu. Portions were large for tasting menu, which surprised us. Taste  was not delicate and presentation was mediocre. Too much butter. We expected their souffl\u00e9, but it was not part of the tasting menu. Service was good, especially the manager was very nice and professional.
Best boba in Las Vegas! The boba is not too hard nor too squishy. You need an order of over 5$ to use a debit card though. \nMy favorite is the strawberry banana smoothie with boba! :D
Very quick, and efficient. I would definetly come back. Tony and wooky are awesome :)
The bottom line is Gold Bar is a local spot with a devoted clientele.  It is chill and comfortable.
Very slow service.  Purchased lunch special that included beer.  They refused to give us beer and stated that they were cleaning their beer lines.  Poor planning, they should perform maintenance during closed hours, not during lunch time.  I would not return there.
Super good dinner! The Chicken pot pie was amazing. Plus, you have to have a treat from the bakery before you leave. \n\nVery kid friendly.....my kids loved the straws for their drinks!
Too pricey and not kid friendly
The service was great, but like all the other Fox concepts you pay too much for mediocrity. The short rib stew was good. The ribs were cold and the chicken pasta was bland. There are just so many better options in the area... What a disappointment. But I should have known better.
Good Happy Hour specials. Draft $3 domestic , $4 and $5 draft import. Half off appetizers and plenty of TV's.
This place went from awesome to worst after it changed owners. It used to be simple to buy coffee. They used to have a white mocha but not anymore. I miss the old owner of the place. \nBut still support small caf\u00e9s!!!
This bar is fantastic! I came out with a couple of friends enjoyed some drinks and played some games. The lounge is unbelievable with a wall of tvs to watch whatever you desire. The drinks and food are reasonably priced and theres always new people in there. Great for locals to come out and cherish some new memories :)
Cool little club, nothing specatcular.  Music was okay but that's more relative to the dj, and I'm not sure if he was inhouse or featured for that night only.  I would go back, however u wouldn't call it my first choice to start the mayhem when in Vegas.
When you walk in the place, just the smell makes you fell healthy. I have had the acai bowls and several juices, all were great. The atmosphere is laid back and well decorated.
Don't know why I've never tried this place before. Exceptional sandwich. Had the New York which was pastrami and corned beef on rye. And let me tell you, best sandwich in Vegas. Reminded me of the Carnegie Deli in LA. Will def be back.
Burritos are mediocre. But the tacos aren't bad.
Nothing much stood out with this place.  They deliver, food is decent, and so is the price.  Took an early lunch, and didn't have the motivation to get out of the office.  Got the meatball sub lunch special, fries were a little bit soggy, but they weren't horrible.  Perfect for that lazy lunch day.
Great Tapas. Average Paella. Lunch for two including tax and tip came to $91. Not a place to come for value for money.
The steaks are great. The bread is definitely worth breaking your diet for.  The staff was amazing.  Very attentive and treated us like royalty.  We went here for my son's 7th birthday and the girls were so nice to him. He had a great time.  Thank you ladies.
Very reasonable burger and fresh ingredients. Ate at a different location before and was not to impressed. This location was much better. Not gourmet burger level but better to compare with in n out and 5 guys
Excellent shrimp appetizer! Ok flatbread. I would return. Music was too loud and the service was awful. I'd give them another chance!
Super nice staff, stumbled across after walking around on our second day visiting Montreal, came in for a drink and felt like home! Will definitely come back to eat.
Horrible service. Manager lady lacked intelligence and customer service skills were awful.  Decided to not ship after completing transaction and she claimed there's a $5 refund fee although there were no signs stating of such policy.  DO NOT USE THIS STORE!
OK massage. Not very relaxing atmosphere. I could hear the music in the room next to me ans the toilet flushing three rooms away, also, the staff kept walking by the door chatting. Also, I hate being pressures into memberships... they give an OK massage if you don't mind all the noise or pressure to sign up.
This pizza is truly napolitan style. It was awesome. Good people. Great food.
Well...take the kids...they will love the atmosphere. Do not go expecting any more than 2 star food..it really is not good food at all. The atmosphere is the only attraction..period.
Delicious food, great service and some good wine and drinks on offer. \n\nThe only snag is that it's too popular, so you need to me a reservation.
I love the brunch here! The guacamole a are amazing! The tacos and other dishes have unique twists that remind your taste buds that there are wonderful things going on! Did I mention the drinks? They are exquisite!!!
I have an ear infection. I called for appt. 12 days for appt. Receptionist stupid. I have been a patient for 5 yrs.Loyalty means nothing. Dr Hurley is booked and needs to spend time with his family,no appts for 12 days.I don't recommend Dr Hurley.
Went back and overall had a better experience:  better food and much better service.  Relieved to see some improvements and think that they will start to build some regular and return customers .\n\nWill be back with others to experience good Thai and  hope to see this place continue to pick up business!
It's ok. Nothing more. I've been all over the montreal scene. I'm not anxious to return here. It might happen one day. But I won't be the one suggesting it. Enough said. Slow service.
Glad web had a groupon... won't be back. Good location, cute place, bad food and service. I asked the server how the ahi salad was and she said \"I'm scared of it\". Awesome.
Disappointed with the food.It didn't taste good to me.\nThe noodles were starchy and my order was swapped with another gentleman.\nThere was not enough flavors to their stir fry.However I did like their dumplings with some hot sauce, the only saving grace.
Not sure about everyone else but I've always had a semi decent checkout time when I rent from here. Trust me I know about rental cars, usually rent 2-3 weeks at a time for work! My advice is give yourselves some time, sign up for fast break program and watch out for extra charges.
Amaze balls delicious cream puffs!! Red velvet anything here is to die for and the cookies are soft and perfectly sweetened. This is the only place I will come to for any type of dessert or sweets!
Place is ALWAYS crowded, service slow, almost impossible to get a table. Pastry average, but the only place around the Atwater metro area for this.
The team at the SPCA In the TMR/park- extention area is so friendly and they are so passionet with their animals. They do what they can for the animals under their care.
It's pretty low quality across the board.  Hoping I don't get sick. Nothing is as good as you want it to be. Everything mediocre at best.  Unless you have little experience with Japanese/Sushi... Avoid this place.  Pretty pricey too....
This is a great barbershop good work and decent prices.
It has a Taco Bell inside!!!
Good prices and pizza but this place is so understaffed for the lunch time rush the line goes out the door. There is only one girl working and one dude cooking. Place is filthy with dirty plates on every table. Its gotta suck to work here.
Our order:\nPork chili verde \nFrench onion burger\n(approx. $25)\n\nPaying for atmosphere versus food and neither are worth the price.
Went for dinner, wasnt very busy but food took quite a long time to come out. Food was not very good, this is a good breakfast place only!!
I love Carl's Jr and I can't wait until this one reopens!
I had the Lamb and my daughter had the beef and noodles and everything is just overly spicy overly seasoned too aggressive the noodles were undercooked the sauces were junk I've had better Chinese. The people are nice but the place was dead just not good food
Great for sports leagues, dog-walking, kids on the playground, pickup volleyball or basketball, or Sunday afternoon picnicking. Park Road Park is a great combination of well-maintained fields and semi-rustic trails. The duck pond is a nice central feature, and it's 2/3 of a mile around the pond for all you walkers!
All I know is that the fish taco's are amazing!  Sat outside with my wife on a cooler Las Vegas day!  Server was great!  Defiantly check it out!
Le cornet de frites du Frites Alors! vaut vraiment le d\u00e9tour! Une fois qu'on y a go\u00fbt\u00e9, on en redemande! Leurs poutines sont \u00e9galement excellentes!
This company strung us along for almost two months waiting for a sign to be made and installed . finally with no call we called them only to be told that they couldn't make the sign they agreed to build.\n\nwe are a small local company since 1945 and feel totally ripped off by this company !
lots of rice in the burrito. not much meat. it was kind of bland unless you put some hot sauce on the burrito. maybe i've been eating too salty lately...? very cool concept though
Best hot dog you'll ever eat. Hands down. No argument.  Pumped they now take credit cards! The line goes fast, don't leave because there always is a line.  So worth it. Onion Rings are great. Ted never disappoints.
Amazing food\nWarm welcome and wonderful service\nEvery dish was as remarkable as the next...\nVery authentic and HOT dishes with a modern twist and FAMILY style but nice in a warm way.\n\nDefinitely will eat there again when I visit Vegas next time
No wonder blockbuster is going out of business. They arent very observant when i was needing help. they were very rude and didnt care to tell me all of the information i was looking for from them. its very dirty and not well organized.
This place is ok! There's nothing that screams out about it.... Nothing too special. The environment is nice and so was the service, but it was missing something and I can't put my finger on it!
No comparison to Mac's Speed Shop.
I was just there looking for new frames. It's an awesome, local, friendly shop, owner owned and operated. What a great selection of top notch designer frames at really fair prices. I got a fees pair of Ray-Bans and had a wonderful experience. Better than any of the big-box, national brand stores! Highly recommended
Fast and quick pizza at the pickup counter.  Food was reasonable.  Staff was very helpful and friendly.  For a quick bite to eat, stop by.  Not the best pizza I've had, but also it certainly was not the worst.  Atmosphere is casual and friendly.
An update to this review.  After all this happened, the event organizers complained to the corporate office.\n\nApparently, the follow up to this was that the manager who was leading the charge on doing this was fired.\n\nGood riddance.
Boring!  There was only like 10 people in there when we were there on a Friday night.  The playboy bunny bar was pretty cool though.  Really overpriced black jack tables with bunnies running them.  Fun to see but if you can't get in for free like we did I wouldn't go.
Slow, inefficient staff. An hour is nothing to wait and you should be happy because it's a supposedly a different level of quality. About half the time, your car will come out smelling like someone's armpit.  Don't get me started on the gypsies trying to fix chips in your window.
This is a great break from the normal Scottsdale scene. The bar staff is friendly, the pizza is fantastic (which is a lot coming from a New Yorker ;-) ) and the crowd is diverse and fun. A hidden gem in the Kierland area for sure!
Reasonable atmosphere and prices at one of the few Thai places that serve wine and beer in the East End. The Green curry is good and the Pud is excellent.
Just discovered this place and absolutely loved it. The pizza was delicious, gigantic slices served piping hot. The owner was so friendly, some of the best customer service I've had anywhere. Will definitely be back there again very soon, highly recommend!
The girly drink I had was sooooo good! \n\nI would pick Sierra Gold over Blue Martini any day! Half off pizzas and drinks for $3? Im game!
Best buffet i've ever been to. Expensive, but you definitely get your money's worth. Loved the mac n cheese, the bacon and sausage, the desserts. Great service. Bring an appetite!
The food is good! Though the chairs are not too comfortable if you stay on the booth the people pass by a lot! Suggest not to stay on the side if you really want to watch the game and not get dizzy!
If you really know and like Indian cuisine then food here gonna be flavorless and bland for you. Tandoori chicken doesn't taste like one etc. Decor is tasteless and old. Carpet looks really dirty. I'm definitely not coming back.
It was alright, we where all hungry and expecting filling fresh food based on the menu & pictures.  It was just ok nothing special salads where exactly what they where lettuce nothing spectacular but for $11.00 you'd expect to be full.
Amazing...that is all! The meatball sliders are the bomb! Pizza is delish! Sorbet and all desserts are winners!
Been here twice, once for a wedding dinner and a bachelorette dinner and I think it's ok. Nothing special or great just a regular spot to have dinner.
I wanted to update my review to say that after a two week process of going back and forth with the owner, he compensated me for the two hats and was respectful in every way.
Very friendly spa, very clean, nice ambiance. I had a mani/pedi and it was wonderful! My husband had a massage, not completely satisfied, he said it was just ok.\nGood service overall.
FAmilia pizza is wayyyy better
For the best dogs in Charlotte they tasted fair...I've had much worse but also much better...we've had better hotdogs at home.  Fries and chips were OK.  Milkshakes were not great.  Service was good.  Overall it was just OK.
staff friendly,  overall very clean restaurant, food was fast and great tasting.......Manager  Justin  very upbeat , people person... we will be back !! Thanks
Location is close to parking lot quick in an out
Absolutely fabulous restaurant! One of the best of the best I have ever been. The service was impeccable. We can't wait to come back next time we are in Vegas!
We were staying at the hotel and decided to call it a night and eat here. Steak was amazing! Sirloin cooked perfect with great seasoning! Best sirloin I've ever had so tender it was like a fillet. Sides were awesome too. Service was spot on!
Perfect addition to downtown... Best margaritas, flatbread was superb and the service as superior.   Leave it to Kimpton to do it up right; very nicely done and we will be back many times over!
Very average food. No selection of veggies for salad. The chicken had a funky taste from refrigerating after cooking. Not impressed and won't be returning unfortunately.
The Southwest Ranch salad is literally one of the best salads that I've ever had!  The service is always great as well.
Good food, even better service. We ordered the Chicken and Waffles, Eggs Benedict, and Lumber Jack Breakfast. Was a little disappointed to hear they no longer had the Steak n Eggs. \n\nAll in all it was a good cozy place to eat.
Great local place for Japanese Hot pot. Food fresh, good service. \nI hope they stay in business, dark parking lot , empty shopping center.
AnOther store I shopped at with my girl! cute clothes here too! Girls check it out!
they were the best, service was great, and the manager came around and ask how we was doing, that made it even better. keep up the great service we will be going back soon.
Riding the rail makes me feel like I live in a real city. It's kind of slow and I wished I lived closer to a station, but it will be useful for weekend outings to downtown Phoenix or Tempe.\n\nFour stars for the system itself, FIVE STARS for the headphones rule.
I don't drink coffee at all but they almost turned me into a coffee lover... I know if I keep coming back I will end up like Will Ferell in the movie \"Kicking and Screaming\" !
Best Chinese food we have had since moving to Las Vegas over a year ago! Food was fresh & delicious! Staff was super friendly! Would definitely go back and would recommend!
Ordered delivery on a Monday night and it took an hour and fifteen minutes to get here when they said 30-40 minutes. My bread was soft but my girlfriends was hard as a rock. Our fries were luke warm. Definitely a one time thing for us.
The Hilton Hotel in not what it looks like in the pictures. The pool is tiny and the rooms are disgusting! I would recommend a place like Mandelay Bay or The Belagio.
I don't usually shop at this Fry's but I donated to the next door Goodwill so I stopped in. It's clean and lot's of items were marked down. No complaints.
Best jiffy lube in town, extremely nice and helpful staff. See Steven or Adam for the best service! Wouldn't go anywhere else but here!! A++++
I was a little miffed that after putting in, and playing $20, at the bar last night that there was absolutely no reciprocality on my bar tab. \n\nService was fast enough. Wings were good.
Such a lifesaver! Couldn't ask for a better gf bakery! So excited for their cafe to open! Best pumpkin bread on the planet! :)  Will be using them for all my wedding desserts!
Second time here in three days.  Soo good and cheap, usually not used in the same sentence.  Each dish is around $7.  All good.
This place is my new spot. It's low key, never crowded, and has really good food for the price. I think I've been here 4 times in the last two months. Everything that I've orderd I enjoyed and it's always been a good experience...
The nile was too overpriced for what we got.  The food tasted decent but not worth the bill:0
This place is awesome, good service and they have local beer on tap. Go get your Growler today!!! 64oz of heaven. I met the owner and he is the nicest guy ever.
BBQ Pork buns are amazing! They have a great base of selections with many seasonal or specialty items that rotate frequently. Cakes and pastries can be ordered for special occasions.
Good variety of deli-style food, big portions. Not sure about how healthy the food is - it seems a bit greasy / fatty. But there's definitely something here for everybody in your party, meat lover to vegetarian.
Skip this station if you can, they have the most expensive gas prices in the neighborhood.  I'm not sure if it's on a busy street, Scottsdale Road, or right by Scottsdale Airport, but the prices here are usually 10-20 cents more than the nearby stations.
My hubby and I loved this place! We went for the first time yesterday, and we had a very pleasant experience. The food was plentiful and unique, and the service was awesome. We will definitely go again!
Three words no chicken wings!
Rude and unhelpful front desk.  Beds are highly uncomfortable and bathrooms that feel old and dirty.  Used to like this hotel but not after this visit.
Salsa verde, cilantro, pork crackling. You can't ask for anything better. Surprisingly dioecious authentic Mexican food. Excellent drink and food selection. Having grown up on Mexican food, this is certainly up to standard. Good ambiance, too.
Had a fabulous stay ! Beautiful scenery, adult atmosphere , clean big room ! Fast room service. Outside my room was a relaxing garden area. Also a quite pool area for those who really want to relax .
Although this place has the friendliest staff I've encountered at a barber shop, the cut I received was short of okay!  Great friendly atmosphere and some funny barbers to chat with.  Unfortunately, I do not see myself returning due to a not so nice haircut and a price that shocked me when I reached the register to pay.
they have TWO flavors of juice poppers!! HOORAY FOR JUICE POPPERS!! The only reason why they lost stars from me is because their varieties of flavors suck.
Elegant and decent selection, but in my opinion a bit overpriced for what you get in terms of furniture.  Would not hesitate to shop here for accessories, accents, artwork, or lighting fixtures but would probably look elsewhere for seating options.
Mimi was a server.  She was very friendly and attentive.  I thought it was a bit whack you had to purchase chips and salsa but that was that.  My margarita was very ok and the skirt steak that we ordered was extremely chewy and overcooked.
As far as Nike Factory Stores go...this was one of the worst...I think they were remodeling when I was in there because they didn't have much to offer.
Dr. Dumler is great! helped me out tremendously with my \"Sciatic Pain\" I highly recommend him
I have been here before with a previous owner and had no problems. New ownership took over recently, and was unwilling to return items with defect.  The customer service was very poor despite being one of the few stores in the state that has referee equipment. I would not return. Tell me any other stores that carry referee equipment.
I'm sitting here and listening to the worker complain loudly while I eat. First it was the way people closed, then it was their green cards and then who knows what else. The ice tea had three cubes of ice, the hash browns were cold and the toast was dry. No melted butter on the toast.
Our services was not that great . our dinner took forever. We maybe saw our sever twice, and even he acted as if he had better things to do..not very happy overall .was our first and last time at this location.
I went here for a frozen treat... left with a donut too!  The store was clean and inviting. There wasn't anyone ahead or behind me. So super speedy service.
Poor customer service.  Couldn't get any help when attempting to purchase a TV. Almost walked out after the last person we asked for help said no because they were on break.
Worst gelato I've had. The salted caramel tasted overly salty and no caramel flavor. The almond snickers had great potential but again, no flavor and more icy than I like. Won't be back.
He is awesome :) He cares and really have a passion to help people! My injury from a car accident got so much better after just one treatment!!
Love this Baskin Robbins! They have very friendly staff. My husband and I love coming here for late ice cream in the evening. \nThat seating area outside (right next to Starbucks) is really nice. We love to hang out there and enjoy the wonderful BR treats.
I had the grilled shrimp, the enchiladas, and the sliders. Nothing really blew me away and although I asked for spicy, it wasn't. The shrimp was the best. \n\nIt was also really hard to find and was not on the corner like the directions said.
Worst place to go and every part of this experience is bad from buying a ticket to staff and so on - rent a car and drive yourself. They will not honor your discounts and customer service does not exists at all. You are better off avoiding this place at all cost.
Very Dissatisfied. I just called to order from the online menu and they don't make what we ordered (3 items)anymore. I understand restaurants change up menus, but please update you site accordingly as well. Additionally, if your going to have someone answer the phone, make sure they know how to talk.
Love the food, staff and ambiance of the place.  I have been eating there for 4 years and just love it.  My favorite dish is the 2 fish tacos with black beans.  They also have great wines at good prices.
Definitely different for your average white boy.  Go for number 39
I was so disappointed last night in Roka Akor.  I know they are expensive and was prepared to splurge for great food, great service, and a fun night.  Luckily, my friends always make the latter happen.  The food was average, our drinks took 35 minutes, and our service was average.
I went in for a Brazilian wax so I was a little nervous. Immediately, she made me feel comfortable. You can tell she has a lot of experience because she was thorough & quick. I can't wait to schedule a facial & massage with her. Thanks for the awesome experience!
Hooters restaurant is like it is everywhere.  Crap.  The ladies had no hooters themselves.  The food is never great.  The hotel room was not great had an iron burn on the carpet rooms need to be updated and they charge u for drinks when your gambling.  Ok if you can get the room really really cheap
The owner did contact and resolved my concerns. The food is fantastic and well worth your trip!!!
I have a home warranty...they use this company.  I called to have two toilets fixed.  He actually claimed he fixed them.  i had to call the warranty company the next day to send out a new company to fix the stuff they claimed to have remedied.  Dude actually made both toilets worse.  Don't use.
This is typical southern- New York style pizza, and I don't mean Staten Island. I mean it is what they think New York style pizza is south of the Mason-Dixie line. \n\nWith that said it isn't bad, but if you close your eyes you aren't going to think you are in Brooklyn.
I had the brunch burger (egg &bacon). The burger was good but nothing really special. The onion rings were out of this world good! I will be back for the rings, they're the one rings to rule them all!
Gross! I ordered a turkey sandwich. Just awful. The bread was falling apart and hard, the meat tasted terrible, like plain ol' lunch meat. Overpriced and definitely not worth it. Don't waste your time or money!
Pretty decent chinese and japonese food. Sushi bar is awesome, lots of variety.
Excellent asian vegetarian fare.  They'll make any dish 100% vegan upon request.  My kids absolutely CHOWED DOWN!  Would give it five stars, but there is a very strong language barrier.  They need employees that speak better English.  Please be patient with them, the food is worth it.
This gym is kind of nasty. They definitely need to upgrade it. I only go for the classes, which they need more of.
I have tried bubble tea from dozens of shops. However, the one I got from this shop had to be the worst. The bubbles were hard and the milk tea was SUPER bitter and watery. I can't speak to the quality of the pastries because I didn't try any.
Eh. Not my favorite. Went for lunch and only had 30 min. Older lady was there and didn't speak very good English. Chinglish is more like it. Food was mediocre. Not appetizing. They should try harder. Oh and our server was picking her nose. Yum!
Have gone here several times for sunday brunch. Had cactus eggs benedict which was really good.  Not busy at all, service has been surprisingly slow even with only having a few tables worth of people there or I would have given it 5 stars. Love foodfight inc. resturants (which this is) love love love them!
One of the top 5 buffets in Las Vegas. Crab legs and prime rib are awesome. Excellent quality and selection. Excellent dessert choices and gilatto bar. This place does not skimp on the quality of their food. We come back here all the time to eat when we are in Vegas.
Completely disappointed that this course failed to provide notice they were closed. If you are going to be working on the course and the entire facility is going to be unavailable you should consider posting it on your website.
They have pretty good customer service, but I would argue most movie theatres here in the valley do. I have to say that no discounts for students is insane! I can't even go on a date here without a gift card because $20 is way too much for a movie. Even the concessions are outrageously expensive!
Locally owned and operated - and damn good. Fish was great. Good slaw, great fries. \n\nNext time I'm going to try the clams. And onion rings.
Good food. Reasonable price. Good service. It's a clean restaurant. I go there almost every week for their BBQ.
I'm not vegan, but I'm lactose intolerant. So this place is awesome for me! The flavors are great as well. The wait is worth it because I know my stomach won't be hurting later :)
So, no whipped cream for my Espresso con Pan.  Settled for a double shot of espresso and half and half (no, not even real cream).  Espresso almost tasted burned.  It was not a good experience.
The shrimp scampi was a little bland and I had to add salt. The shimps were so big that I got pretty full quick. \nThe bacon wrapped scallops were delish! \nIt was a little pricey, but what do you expect in Vegas.
Service good. Music too loud. Food SUCKS! Looks good yet tastes cheep and microwaved! yuck. Won't ever be back
Food was good stuff is friendly little on the expensive side for three of us.
This is a great pit-spot!! Great place to get ready for The ultra-Violence... They have a variety of slushies that are packed with liquor-y goodness.
I wouldn't call it gourmet.  I'd call it average at best.  Kids do get a discount and under 3 years old are free.
Very strange store only open 2 days a week. pajar makes many awesome shoes, they just don't sell them here. The good stuff is at the 5 star malls. The crap they don't sell gets sent here.
Deeelicious nachos!!! But their pricey
Way to expensive and the decor needs to be upgraded, you can find much better pizza and pasta at some other locations in the south hills..
Good thing this place is open late at night.  Food here is excellent, and doesn't taste burnt or overcooked like most berto places. \n\nThey do charge a fee to use a credit card here so I would bring cash.
Just a fair buffet ... Nothing special.
Great they opened something new in Summerlin. Well executed and thought out.
Excellent botox and juvederm. :-)
Mediocre. Food was ok. Service fine. Decor was whatever. What is beach hut cuisine? Is that even a thing? What happened to pizza joints and sausage carts?
everytime i come here with a government vehicle for an oil change they always find a brake light out. crooks!!!! dishonest !!! thieves!!!!  dont come here!!!!
The waitress is very rude. The bowls and dishes are with stains and very strong cheap detergent smell. The food is OK. But the dirty environment is definitely a no go for me. I will not recommend this place to any of my friends.
Yummy! So this is what 'real corn beef hash' should look like and taste? I've only been here for breakfast, now I have to try their lunch & dinner. If you go there for breakfast, get their early or expect to wait. It's a small and popular place.
A cool little gem in a nice area. The food was good, the prices are cheap (no comparison to some san francisco conveyor sushis place. However, the idea of a conveyor belt sushi restaurant in the heart of North Scottsdale was a wonderful idea.
Great dog park off warm springs and eastern end
Used to work right next door and was able to go every morning. Ahhh it was bliss. They have the greatest sandwiches in town. I used to drive across town when I wasn't working to get their monte cristo. Come here if you want to be blown away.
Great massages!
I love Zoe's.  The food is always good and the service is always pleasant.
A great burger place. It could use some more consistency with the temperature and size of the fries though. I am not a fan of the new coke machines because they get really crowded when the place is busy.
Cookies is a must for any college student, local, or East Valley visitor! No matter what you order, it will be delicious. They also offer killer discounts and good smoothies and other drinks! Every time I'm on or around Mill Ave, Cookiez is the first place I go to!
Great German food in an exact replica of the original Hofbrauhaus in Munich, Germany.
This place is great and ALOT of fun. Sarah is a nice lady. Enjoy!!
We visited this club right after visiting the playboy club.  The club is huge with different rooms including an outdoor roof top. The views were beautiful just like the decor. However, we couldnt deal with the techno music and the crowd was a lot younger for our taste. We took some pics and moved on to the next spot.
Another really bad sonic.  I love sonic bur not this one.  Don't waste your money here.
Good service, ordered the eggs benny, it was served promptly, but the sauce was bland, unremarkable. No flavor.
One of the best places to eat in Las Vegas! The atmoshphere, food, and service is top notch! Great for a special occasion or just a weeknight dinner out! Can't say enough good about this place!
Very very very slow to get the car, it will slow you down by at least one hour, they are cheaper but it is not worth it, paying more is a smart thing to do.
Ok sports bar, good happy Hour values.  Wings and the usual sports bar food.  Food quality is good but salad and vegetarian choices are limited, but available.  Beer by the pitcher.  Some customers get to loud and use loud foul language which the staff seems to tolerate so be aware if you take the kids.
This place sucks. Food sucks and well drinks are watered down. Waiters are slow, bouncers have something up their butts...you're not a real cop so relax! And the prejudice vibe, ugh people c'mon get over yourselves already.
This place is so BAD!! Seated right away, with reservations, poor quality of food and the service matched.  Such a let down...chef had zero personality and the food matched.  Cheap drinks and appetizers was all that was a positive.
Great atmosphere,  super yummy food and amazing service from a very sweet lady by the name of Lisa D. When I find myself back at the wicked spoon, I'm asking for her section
The filet mignon was literally the worst steak I have ever eaten. This is not an exaggeration.  I sent it back and they brought another and I wanted to puke when I tasted it. The side dish of potatoes was inedible. I will not be going back. One gets the impression of very weak management.
Rude rude rude!\nWe are looking for a smile with a great attitude.\nDidn't get at Chipotle at Metro center!!!!
Good coffee, decent environment. Great for on the way to work. Right next to the 101.\n\nHowever Parking SUCKS!!!!!  Sorry, but its true.
This is my fourth time staying at the hotel and I must say that the quality of service, venue up keep, and overall hotel experience is NOT what it used to be. We pay way too much money to stay here for it NOT to be up to par!!!
Awesome Bloody Mary. Portions are large and tasty
Very disappointed!!\nOne of the worst service i ever experience. So incomplete n rude waiters
Sushi selection limited...  Miso soup tasted a little fishy.
Just finished my last bite of the Crown Debry cupcake and I have to say, it's the best cupcake I have EVER had. The frosting alone with cake and bits of strawberries inside the cake were perfect. Can't find a cupcake place to beat this, especially the red velvet!
Famous!!!   omgosh!! the wings!!!  you cant go wrong with an order of Super dooper delicious Chicken wings!!  Finger lickin good!!\nno matter what flavor they are crispy and fresh! love this place!!
It was alright.  Would not return.  There are so many better steakhouses in Las Vegas.
Love this place! Very clean, beautiful and helpful staff! Five stars for sure!
Delicious food, not too spicy, lovely decor, pleasant service. I've been here many times. Great place!
Price is right and wonton noodle is excellent!
Great service and immaculate animal hospital!!  Neutered my dog and I would highly recommend Dr Blackwell!!\ndesertskyanimalhospital.com
Best donuts in Gilbert!  The service is very friendly and helpful too. Try their apple fritter - Amazing ! !
Great space.  Great ice cream! Great location! Ask for Shawana! I would give 5 stars but I haven't finished eating!
Okay, I tried this place in '05 and honestly, I don't remember anything special about it so maybe 3 stars is still too many. If this place theme is suppose to be Paris, should there be more French food? Kind of generic. Well, at least this place isn't bad.
They've opened a new coffee shop in Verrado and a 10 min stop for coffee has turned into a long laborious affair.  If you want to be in a line for 30mins or so come to this place....\nAs for the Indian School location, service needs to be improved.
The lemon chicken is amazing the orange chicken is amazing the egg drop soup is amazing the wings are amazing..
Prices are a bit high for the acrylic gels, and they charge extra for the hand massage even though that's what a manicure is supposed to come with, but I love how they always get the design prefect!!
This place is insanely rude!!! Worst customer service ever. They should name this store the hoarders storage. And they don't let you use the restroom.
Yuk. poor food and even worse service.
Order their delicious Reuben! Fast, efficient, courteous service. Extra clean.
Best Poutine we had on our trip!!! This is a must!!!! Cruchy fries, awesome gravy and the curds were to die for!
Have seen this store for awhile but looking for a entry table so decided to stop in and check it out. The store is packed and is very big which it doesn't look from the street. Very cool furniture and very reasonable prices. I will be back to find some other stuff.
I attended the Betsey Johnson fashion show on 9/30/11, spent $500.00 for a crummy cabana table, and got incredibly bad service...a huge disappointment.  Details will be included in a follow-up review.
FYI... this place just moved to 230 State Street. Somehow I missed the move and was horrified that it appeared to have closed. Thankfully it only moved, making it continuously easy to get gifts.
Eh...   Good variety of wing sauces/rubs.  But it was average.  Plenty of tvs to watch football but they are very awkwardly mounted so you have to crane your neck to see more than 1 game.
I came here with a group of friends because I have always heard good things about this place.  Our server was friendly and really attentive which was a plus.\n\nOther than that everyone's food was average and I had a salad with grilled chicken added.  My chicken tasted like tuna.  Enough said.
Just over hyped...expensive and sushi is just A-OK... We had to eat here during the dinner break of our tourney and it's just convenient as i was just outside the ballroom door of the GN.
Cool place but don't try to arrange a special event. The proprietor was arragont, unflexible and unethical when I held my friend's bachelorette party at The Duce. Be warned!
I have to report that I just walked out of this restaurant after waiting a good 5 plus minutes for a server to show up. I was especially convinced when I looked over at the other table's greasy looking pizza. Eek! Methinks not.
I had a reading with Jasmine who was awesome!  She confirmed for me a few things I needed to hear which in turn left me feeling more at peace.  I will definitely be contacting her again when needing guidance and would recommend her to anyone needing tbe same.  Their rates are very reasonable and so worth it.
Disgusting. Zero stars. Owner is extremely rude. Employee didn't wash hands as he left the bathroom. The place was dirty. And the food was terrible. Rubbery burger tasted like a frozen burger, I guess that explains how they couldn't cook it medium.
Wonderful Patio and Service!! I love the atmosphere and food!
I was so excited to give this local new place a try. The place is dark and urban but well done. The food was so average and they do not offer fish tacos... What a blunder.
This place is fantastic. Delicious coffee, very friendly staff, tasty baked goods, and free wifi. It feels like a community hub, which is mostly lacking in downtown Phoenix. Open early 'til late. I'm a huge fan.
This place is cheap and great!  Best pastor tacos in Phoenix for the money!
As I was using the ladies restroom in the main floor, I felt like dancing. \nI'mmm sure you can see the visual...
We use to eat here all the time when it first opened and it being only 3 mins away from home. My wife is Japanese and according to her the quality of their sushi dropped significantly, even my teenage son says their fish was bloody. We no longer go there.
Pretty darn good.  Not as good as the Raman Yamadaya chain in LA.  But, good noodles.   They have skinny ramen and will customize to make it the way you like.\n\nYummy
Great place for locals. Service is very good and made me feel like I was their only customer. I had the chicken Reggie with the hottest spice level. Great taste and will be back. My complements to the chef!
Could use some more flavor. I had the curry chicken and a beef patty today. No complaints on my patty, but the chicken wasn't anything special. The smell of the restaurant is amazing and reminds me of my uncles place back in Trinidad. But yeah, nothing special.
I took my husband to GRS for our 24th wedding anniversary. Some friends of our met us there that were from Northern Cali. The beef Wellington was AMAZING!! The meals were AMAZING our waiter was great. Loved loved loved it!!! Was worth every dollar!! Would go again.
great service, great food, great atmosphere
I went to this show based on a recommendation from a friend, but I was disappointed. There was too much (political) talk and not enough magic. And the patriotic pandering annoyed me. When they were doing magic, it was impressive, there just wasn't enough of it. I do not recommend this show.
First time try here, hope that I can have a good experience here. The waiters are very nice and they have a table for all of us 11 people.  Can't wait for my food.
Tacos are wonderful, love the sangria you can't go wrong here!
The breakfast is ok because their pancakes are not too good. Such big portions with very nice prices. But.. the servers are not all very friendly or attentive which kind of annoyed me.
I am a big fan of this drive thru. It is the fastest in town!!  The service is top notch and the people are always happy and fun. Obviously management is very good. Not saying other Starbucks aren't good too, I just am in favor of this location.
Good furniture deals online, horrible customer service in store. Bought chairs online, but when we got to store had to wait 45 minutes to get it. If they were busy I could understand it, but the place was empty. We had to ask for a refund before our stuff magically appeared.
Papa J's is expensive and inconsistent.  The ambiance is nice but it doesn't justify the prices.  There are better restaurants in Carnegie.
The decor is a bit dated but who really comes here for the decor.  It's some of the best prime rib in town.  I love ordering the Jim Brady cut.  And the yorkshire pudding that comes with the meal is to die for.
Ugh this post office is the closest to my home and it is always so crowded no matter what time or what day you come that I've gotten great customer service so far since I've been here
The majestic decor and excellent service made me feel like a king as soon as I sat down for my meal. Best steak in Montreal. The appetizers and sides are also very well presented and absolutely delicious. I can't wait to go back!
It is what it is... cheap rates, but you get what you pay for. When our family was displaced from our house for a few days was perfect for us, kitchen, cheap rates, but the smell in the hallways is not the best. Nothing a little Fabreeze and scented candle couldnt mask.
Love the cold beer and happy hour prices  NOT so in love with food.
Best \"Dam\" tour, so much you won't mind spending most of your day, with this tour group! Oh yeah, & the Grand Canyon/Hoover Dam, wasn't bad either.
This is an Okay buffet. I went there for lunch and food selection is alright. Mostly Asian food compare to buffet on Stripe. Price is a little more expensive compare to buffet in LA area.
Always a great car wash and Service!  They have never scratched my rims in all the times I've come here.  Only issue I had in nearly 8 years of serve was fixed immediately
Been here a couple times.  This place has great deserts, but the service is LAME. Slow, non attentive, and rude.  This place can easily be 4 stars if not for the service.
A favorite haunt.  Close to my office, free valet, good food and drink.  This place does usually have great scenery too.  Win.
Nice place to get away from the hustle and bustle.  The place is small but quaint.  I have been there for breakfast and lunch, both were good.  Breakfast you cannot go wrong with any omelette.  For lunch I had the salmon salad and it was delicious!  The staff is super friendly and it is usually never busy.
I have been a customer since the salon opened 10 years ago. The owners Will & Rod provide quality hair care in a fun atmosphere. Won't go anywhere else ever!
I really liked it. Loved the cupcake variety. Food was fresh, kept hot, pleasant experience. There will be lines no matter what time you go. Staff is polite and attentive. Went here on a groupon- good wine and beer choices.
Food is decent , customer service is terrible. The lady that looks like she's the owner is rude! Poor service .
High pressure for up sale on services for services. Not happy with car wash--the basic didn't even get the car clean. They td me car had no oil which could not have been true but can't prove it--wanted to flush it. My mistake for going back a second time--lesson learned.
My new favorite spot for British pubs. The food is decent. Drink is affordable compared to other prices on the strip yet close to the strip. Check out their Tuesday specials. I had a fun time with friends here.
Charbroiled burger is fantastic. Delicious shakes. Friendly owner. Horrendous parking.
so this is the new trendy spot in Scottsdale. Love the ambiance and small feel vibe. The patio is awesome...can't wait for fall to sit there. Had some great food and drinks. Spotty behind the bar was awesome. Will be revisiting soon.
Place was fantastic! Wife has gluten allergy and stuff was marked well on menu and staff is very knowledgable and friendly.
This was my first time here and I really enjoyed it. I grew up skating every Saturday back in Chicago. The staff was really nice and had great customer service. The pizza was okay. Good place to visit. My kids had a blast. We'll be back!
They must been having a bad day or something.  The green curry with chicken was very oily, was missing eggplant, and had raw green beans.  Also, the sweet rice side was really dry and hard.  The only thing really got right was the spice in the curry.  How do you serve raw green beans?
Great service always speedy. I had Issiah and he was very friendly and personable ! More customer service people should be more like him...
Fancy bowling in uptown - yes please.  This is a great place to watch sporting events and hang with your friends and even meet other people.  The food is average bar food at best but suitable for this environment.  If you have a large party, their private bowling party room is a blast!!
Refreshing hospitality coupled with extreme flexibility, adaptiveness, and hometown warmth. This place is the real deal for a specialty sandwich, a custom bloody mary, and overall good time. Highly recommended, A+, can't wait to come back!
So far a 5 star I just purchased a used engine from them and have not installed it yet I hope it's worth every penny
Only place I've ever been to that has waffles and hookah till 6am. I don't care for the music or the environment and the hookah is not amazing but it hits the spot after a great night.
this airport is okay...super close to the strip, but not a fan of having to take a shuttle off site for car rental
Nice gym... 24 hours... Great place for kids too.
Tao was a great way to end our Vegas trip!! Great music strong drinks and good vibes! When we were getting ready to leave the door guy gave all of my friends complimentary very cute comfy flip flops so we didn't have to walk back to our hotel in heels! It was an awesome experience I would definitely go again!
We were out walking around in Montreal on a very cold night dressed like we were still in Pacific NW.  We picked this place because it looked the warmest with the two fires in the front and all.  It was warm.  But the food was really meh... and service was incredibly slow.
Great authentic Mexican food. They are known for their tamales but they weren't anything special- service is friendly, margs are tasty :) More on the touristy side and ok for families..can be a little pricey.
Dinner was horrible! Service was horrible! HORRIBLE experience!! Never Again!
I don't understand some of these reviews. This place does deliver, the staff is always professional and pleasant, and the food is good. It's just that simple. I definitely recommend this place!
The happy hour martinis are where it's at!! Had a few dirty martinis and got a bunch of apps. The place looks cool and the bar is made of ice. \n\nService was excellent! Bartenders, waitress, hostess. All A+++
Very good beer.  This is a chain brewpub but has high quality food and beer.  On par with the location in Sioux Falls, SD that I visited a couple of years ago.
I love Ocean Blue. One of my favorite places to go. The food is reasonably priced and very healthy! I recommend it to anyone! Especially those who have a sweet tooth while possibly trying to find yummy lower calorie foods.
Good New York style slices. Great for a quick lunch!
Obsessed with Skinny Fats. I've had just about everything on the menu. They are always packed, but the staff is awesome. Could be a bad thing to my belly and pockets that our offices are right next door. And the fact that that they have increased operating hours. I'm in trouble.
Will always remain one of my 'to go' places when passing through vegas.
Lunch buffet for 10.95. It was ok meal. Nothing special. Naan was yummy and fresh, the rice not so much . I liked the goat curry from buffet
Best bar in Scottsdale!! Old west style!!
The servers and bartenders are wasted.  Their service sucks and the bartenders allow their friends to smoke in the bar while people are trying to eat. Will never go back again.
No costumer service at all. A broken iPad case ( broke after two weeks) didn't get repaired or returned.  We put 40$ in trash due to that.  AVOID!
not all it's crabbed up to be.
Brought my son's Civic in for service.  They had it in & out the same day! Very cool guys- Super HAPPY!! Thanks so much!!
We got the pepperoni and pesto chicken pizzas and the Caesar and vegetable salads. Everything was decent. Great service, but the pizzas weren't something my taste assigned with. Definitely not bad, just not my thing.
Great BBQ, Love taking the family to this place. Ribs fall of the bone and are So good. Glad its close to home.
Horrible company! Rude office staff(girls who answer phones) they hold your car hostage just so they can make more money off of it sitting there. Would never recommend them.
I had my sewer back up into my house. Ron was at my door in less than 20 minutes. He is friendly. Fast. And a great price. I would highly recommend Ron and his services to anybody. Very great job. Thank you so much for helping.
One of the best places to get real home cooked deli food... Meatballs, Roast Beef, Chicken Salad, Baked Beans... And a host of other delicious food.. All home cooked, prepared and served by the wonderful and friendly Casella family.
Great looking restaurant and good service.  But burger was super dry. Portions small.
Great Food. Great Coffee. Great Service. Amazing Hash-browns! Can't wait to go back.
Service sucks here. Our waiter seemed aggressively rude. Food was okay, pretty much the typical average Vietnamese restaurant. I'd honestly just stick to Kim Long if I need my Vietnamese fix when in Vegas.
my fav buffet in vegas. however, sometimes the quality is not as great. The seafood section can be more fresh if possible. but overall, it's still a great deal compared to other buffets.
Amazing food, but there meal portions are somewhat small... I love their sweet potato casserole! It's so yummy, it's like a dessert!
Four words: Just for the Halibut!\n\nI tried that dish and fell in love. This sushi place is so delicious. You get what you pay for and that is quality food. They do not have all you can eat, but it is still good. I will definitely be coming back.
Yolos, Mexican Grill,Planet Hollywood,Las Vegas, Nevada.\nOverly pretentious fare, not even close to authentic. Over-priced & teeny tiny appy style entree's,...Yes, You Only Live Once So,...save your dough and find somewhere else to go!
Was not impressed.  Asked for a simple request on my order and was told \"No\" without a valid reason.   Won't be going back.
Great location in old town.  Not the most warm welcome, but the coffee was fabulous!  Had the cappucinno and sister had tea.  Tea had the loose leaves.
Solid Chinese place good for either takeout or nice dine-in experience. The staff were all very nice and they seemed to know and take care of their return customers. The food is pretty tasty and reasonably priced. We had kung pao chicken and hot and sour soup. It's a great neighborhood spot and I will definitely return.
No warm food.  Menu doesn't match what the bar serves.  Classic bait and switch.  Perhaps the worst airport bar ever if not for that one in LaGuardia.
Excellent food!  Very rich....waiters will try and upsell you so be prepared.  The bread was the best I have ever had & the mushroom pot pie was bomb!
I have eaten here twice and both times ended up with food poisoning.  Once would be one thing but twice!?!?  The food is horrible and overpriced.  If you want a good tequila bar, then go to Cancun but if you want good food, skip it!   Worst Mexican food I've ever eaten in my life!
Yummy, fresh, good prices, friendly service. And it's close to home -
The view is absolutely amazing, as is the staff! We went to see the High Roller about a week ago and we were not disappointed! Go at night. It's worth the extra money and the lights are spectacular.
This is the coolest place in the valley.They have the best variety if you are a hiphop head, hippy, or headbanger they have the gear for you. It's like First Friday everdyday in this store. If you decide to sell anything make sure you are patient and just enjoy the view.
The egg sandwich was good, but macarons were ugly, service was poor, wait time was long and prices are high.
Wow this is the only food place left on the D concorse the only reason I am here again. Of all the options that were here the very worst and worst by a huge margin is the only one to remain. Please some one open something anything! Bad food bad service and high prices what more can a person ask for
Terrible service. Girls on the phone need some lessons in customer service. If you're unhappy working there then quit.
very overpriced.the ceasar for  two was very small and unexceptional.
This location is very great. Employees are nice, place is nice and clean, and I love their ice cream! The burgers are a little greasy but taste great. I definitely will be coming back!
Gross food.  Even for State Street the food is gross!   Avoid the turkey burger at *all* costs.  In fact, even the salad is not quite worth the price!  In terms of the bar, I've only ordered a beer on tap but the service left much to be desired.  Food with drink will be over $10.
Great service! Sandwiches are great. Friendly people. Definitely recommended if you love subs! A++
First time at this restaurant, won't be going back!  Food was tasty, but the cursing and very boring music made the experience one that I would not subject myself to again.
Annoyed every time I come here now. Used to be great but has gotten worse with each visit. Bad management I think. Ahh, confirmed that. Just now, my wife's wine glass had lipstick on it. Not her's, new glass. Management was huffy.  Not anymore. Trying Epicenter dinner theater.
Love this gym
I've eaten at many restaurants with teppanyaki tables but this was outstanding!  The quality and ingredients are top notch and cooked to perfection. I would highly recommend giving this a try, you won't be disappointed!
This show was much better then I thought. From what I was told the show was redone and is better then before. I have a pretty short attention span and this show kept my attention . It is not the best show Ive ever seen but still very entertaining. I recommend it!
Nothing really noteworthy about this place.  Nothing really bad either.  Service was friendly and fast.  Food selection was typical of a cafe.  Given other great choices in the Aria, there are better places.  However, if you want cheap and reliable, then this is the place to go.
Five stars for mama's signature spinach pizza... i dont even need to try anything else on the menu it's that good.  I eat it without cheese and it's so delicious!  Great sauce and the spinach gets perfectly crispy!
Really helpful staff. Specially John at the meat department. Thank you for the fresh cut short ribs John.
Totally average for what it is trying to be. The food is competent but a little boring and is perhaps a hair overpriced. Gnocchi tends to be pretty ok.
Great service good looking girls and food you can't go wrong with that combination. Tons of TV's to always watch the game and a sweet game room to play pool and darts in. Would recommend to friends and family!
Fast, clean. Nice people. \nI only did smog test but what a great staff. \nI didn't pass but the employee explain to me how to drive the computer cycle ...\nThank Frankie.  \n\nI PASS
Wanted to go here to eat this morning. Denny's is being demolished. Are they planning to rebuild at the same location. We have eaten there before and liked the prices and the food was good.  Disappointed today.
Still great food but no longer a food cart and also a bit higher prices.
Had the pork chile stew, very good.  Large portion size, make sure to ask for the bread, it is very good as well.  Great atmosphere and wait staff.
This an authentic Mexican taco stand out of an immobile truck! All cooked to order and pretty tasty.  I love the spicy green salsa there. Also the quesedillas are great. Tacos at 1.75 per. I think quesedillas are about 5 or 6 bucks.
You're typical mall, with typical mall stuff. The movie theater, Vue isn't that great, I felt like the sound was not surround. And the screen is small. What a stinky experience for Harry Potter. But other than that, it's a decent place to chill out from the rain.
Parking not managed, no signage, no attendants directing. Waiting in line for over an hour even though we already have tickets, not a good situation for small kids, elderly, or the impatient!!
I agree with many of the reviewers....concept great, execution, POOR.  Flavors totally miss it.  Noise level intolerable.  This was our second time there...never again.
Love their new layout!! Talked to the barista making my drink,super nice guy and love the machine he was working on. Had a pour-over and enjoyed it as well the super cool to go cups!! Thanks guys!!
Went here based on the reviews. The place is nicely decorated. Ordered the lamb dinner and some port wine. The lamb was okay, nothing spectacular. There was a little too much fat for my liking.
Really dissapointed after the great food in San Diego. They only have the big family style meals here but the lasagna was dry and not very tasty. The spaghetti with meatballs was boring and bland. Chicken parm was still good but hard to screw up that. The service was pretty ordinary too. Wont be back
Very small \"large\" sundaes in my opinion. Food is very mediocre.
A little pricey but what do you expect--you're on the Strip.\n\nThe food and service were excellent. If you find yourself there and not craving a burger, you'd do fine with the Soba Chicken Salad.
This restaurant is closed.  It sounds like it wasn't soon enough!
I love this place! There Topperstix are amazing and you have to try there Buffalo Chicken Topper pizza, it's out of this world! They are also open till 3:30am so when hunger hits, this is the place to call!!
The owner of this place is a really nice guy... plus he's one of the cooks.  The food quality is great and customer service is very friendly.  I'll be back..
This place is great... Especially for dinner. The food is authentic, the service is very personal, and atmosphere is great. However, I would not suggest going for the lunch buffet. I have been a few times and was disappointed. The best time to go is definitely for dinner.  You will not be disappointed...
way too over priced for the food you get... \nnot my cup of tea ...
I always have great expectations when I got to Red Lobster especially after watching their commercials.  But after I go I feel like I've been in a Denny's for Seafood.   Blah....
This is my favorite place to go when I'm trying get that warm and cozy feeling here in the city. Service is always wonderful. I've surprised them with large parties on numerous occasions, and they always seem to be able to accommodate! Try the California Benedict; it's my favorite! And 3 cheers for fresh orange juice!
Great place to kick back and have a few craft beers and scarf down awesome pizza!
My Mom and I have been going to Aveda Institute to 8+ years and we love it.  They have flexible hours, the prices are fantastic and the service is always excellent!
Really good Cajun baked wings plus if you go after midnight half off pizza get the large the medium is pretty small. The dining area is old and there is a smell of smoke in the air, great late night hang out!
Cool place.  The vibe is good.  Everybody is hanging out.  Not a chain barber shop.  Tat magazines, fun conversation.  Good group of people here.  I will be back.....\n\nBTW, free beer while you wait.  That cant suck!
This was my first time eating at a Smash Burger, and I have to say I'm very impressed. The burger (Sin City Burger) was amazing! The service was fast and friendly, and the place was clean and organized. They even sell beer, so you can have a cold one with your burger! Great place.
Chris did a great job on our closet re-carpet after we spilled a can of paint :(. He also was able to fix two other spots in our master that we had been having some problems with. fair priced and very responsive!
Catfish cheese grits and stewed tomatoes yummy. Organization offering inspiring job training and support in a surprisingly upscale, confident restaurant package. Great ambiance, large outdoor terrace wraps around on two sides.  Right in downtown Charlotte.  Eat here!!!
Ok for a quick bite
Don't shop for a pet there! Seriously, are all the comments fake? Dogs kept in fish tanks with a tiny little water bottles. Who is vetting them and where they come from? I give zero stars here!
Next best thing to Waiola ,and Matsumoto in Hawaii - great job!!   ate 2 of them today.\n\nthe price's are even better well worth it. I'll be back
Consistently great service and good food. It is a bit loud but people have fun here
total dive bar... probably great if you are into that. Seems like everyone knows each other there... nice people too.\n\nNot a place I'd avoid but not a place I'd seek out.
You cannot go wrong with any of their burritos or tacos. Corn salsa is delish. Margaritas are refreshing. Jalapeno mashers are my favorite side item! Only complaint, sometimes the tuna could be prepared more med rare.
Again I was not disappointed at Saint Sushi. Always fresh and the staff is so friendly!\nSee you on my next trip.\nThe Caribbean Queen!
Wow, not my favorite. Went here for dinner with a friend and had a not so amazing experience. First, the waitress was at best, passive. She served us drink that tasted horrible and food that was just so-so. Would not come back.
I thought UPMC Urgent Care Shadyside offered great & quick service. Despite being walk-in only, I didn't wait more than 10 minutes to be seen. The staff was friendly, helpful, and ran the place efficiently.
Good food. Long line.
Cheddar cheese is NOT Mexican!
This place is so good. The mushroom & spinach flatbread pizza had me craving it the next day.  Nice atmosphere too.
Great service, Great prices!  I'd highly recommend these guys.  Rusty has serviced my doors for years and we've always been very pleased.  Both our commercial and residential locations.
It sounds good on paper - but the execution isn't there.  Would be much better if they stuck to one cuisine they did well, instead of trying to make each dish based on a different region.
Not a fan of the owner.
Gus started out impressing me.  We have been there four times.  Each time got progressively worse.  The quality of the food steadily went downhill.  I do not believe I'll be going to Gus's again.
MEATBALL PIZZA and their salads are great too!
Sakana is the best sushi place I have been ever, awesome specials displayed when you walk in the door, great teppanyaki if thats your thing as well.  Get there early as there is always a line!!
This place was good for the view , the drinks , the light show  and boo calling . Heck ya I got hammered and liked it .
Watch out when it looks like something is on sale.  They mark a rack or table with a big buy one get one or 50% off sign, then only some of the stuff on the rack is on sale.
Maybe it is just my server but I waited 20 minutes after getting my wings and asking for blue cheese and silverware :(
The one star is for service which was excellent.  It's not their fault that this pizza is nothing more than a slab of cardboard with a paltry dab of sauce and suggestion of cheese.  Flavorless and overpriced.  What a racket.
Ummm. I guess we should've gone for the beer & booze and not the food?  Our lunch here last month could only be charitably called mediocre.  I'm not even going into details, other than to say we thought the frozen food service delivery lorry must make regular stops here.
Prepare to wait in line. Surprisingly,  there are two clerks here today instead of one. Not sure why this branch does not have a stamp machine.  Here's a tip...come with your packages ready to ship and keep a  sharpie on your person.
Love Dr Luce!\nEveryone was very nice!
I had a great experience here ..had to buy one book and rent another. It's my first semester, so it was my first time. They were super helpful in the back and at the register, and answered all of my questions.
These guys were quick and very friendly. We had a flat tire late on a Saturday evening and when we arrived, they immediately services our car. We were in and out of there in less than 10 minutes! Thanks guys!
This is one of my all time favorite restaurants. They have so many options for me it is FANTASTIC. They people who run it are always awesome. I wish that they would open one up closer to me. They give you plenty of vegetables and tofu or substitute meat. \n\nI already want more.
I used to live just a few blocks east on Camelback and would come here fairly frequently. 'Fast' Japanese was more unique back then, but Tokyo Express is still one of my favorite cheap eats every time we visit the Valley. I've always love the vibe this place gives off...
If your idea of fun is spending ungodly amounts of money and being treated like shit because it's \"exclusive\" you have found paradise - otherwise it sucks! They made us wait in line for a 1/2 hour even though we had a cabana!
Come here if you want terrible service. Food is decent but the service and quality of people working here is ridiculous.
The service is horrible, atmosphere is horrible, coffee is horrible, and everything is overpriced.   I won't be going back.
Good food and good service! Everyone was friendly and helpful and the belly dancer was very entertaining!
Nice, clean buffet with lots of variety.  Been here a few times and will most likely return.
Alright breakfast place in Waterloo. Was a little bit on the pricey side for breakfast for two people. Wait was really long for food, and it seemed like our waitress (who appeared to be new) forgot about us.
Stopped here for lunch after dropping a friend off to the airport. Standard quality and service without any fuss so nothing more worthwhile to report.
Great view and atmosphere. Food is average at best. \nNot steakhouse quality steaks and cooking and serving temperature needs to be hotter. \n\nLimited menu.
This is one Cool place!  I love it and the clothes and shoes - My nieces loved it (two real dogs to play with)!  Today was only my third time visiting this store and just my second visit since the change over!
This airport location was relatively quick. I had the slit pea/barley soup which was very tasty while I waited for my Thai chicken pizza to be prepared. They are very busy there, but should be fine if you're just doing takeout.
Jessica recommended an item on the menu and my New favorite is the chipotle chicken wrap!!!!! Any chicken/healthy eater/ spicy lover this is what you want!
I went in with a groupon deal and boy will I be back ! Ali managed to give my hair some body and it actually stayed like that for HOURS ! Will definitely go back again :)
The food is really nothing special. The great thing about this restaurant is the ambience. This fish tanks are gorgeous and awesome .\n\nFOOD = nothing to brag about. Still a nice time though.
Looking for Lychee? Bayside buffet has it for breakfast!
3 stars for being open late... learn to make a vegan pizza please. I asked for it no cheese and guy even called to make sure I did not want cheese. French fries were good, thankfully I ordered them.
I tried this place when first relocating to the Melrose area and was satisfied with their pho. Their Pho is flavorful and spring rolls were great as well. It's not the best I've tried and I've taken a couple of people to this place and have agreed that It's good but not GREAT!
Well came here for a comped lunch buffet and can't really say there was anything special about the food. Had a pretty good variety but nothing overly tasty. One server actually quit when the guy in front of me tried to get another slice of steak. I wouldn't pay to eat here that's for sure.
Smelled like they wiped all their tables with dirty smelly rags... I can't eat in these conditions.
This place allows dogs! Free of charge! Beyond that it was the standard airport hotel. Price was decent, used Hotels.com for this place.
I don't care for this store. I like super Walmart on Estrella, it's bigger and cleaner.
I'm really not surprised this place closed. I only ate there once and I found the condiment bar to be more enticing than the actual food.
Friendly and helpful staff. Clean interior, not as nice as some of the other branches interior design but it's still a great bank :)
my girlfriend spends way too much money here. probably because the service is good with mostly knowledgeable staff and they reel her in with the beauty insider points. imagine how much she has to spend for me to know what those are. i spend many hours sitting in the makeup chair waiting for her to finish looking around. so i guess im a regular too.
Was trying to get quotes over the phone. The owner was very rude, hung up on my husband, and called him stupid.
I just recently discovered this place last week. I live in Tempe, but have been here about 4 times since then. Excellent service, great coffee, yummy fresh food, and a sweet minimal, clean atmosphere. If you're downtown, this should be your coffee spot.
I've always had fast service and hot food. Also, I've come to conclusion that they went through a great & lengthy customer service training. This is the friendliest bunch that I've ever seen :) Thumbs up guys!
Everything was amazing except I ordered a steak medium rare and they served it medium well. The cold hard truth is if you are a steak house and you can't properly cook a steak then you just don't make the cut.  Lots of great steakhouses out there.
The Coffee Shop service is slow. Don't waste your time on the burger it was a disaster. Overall the place is ok but it's low class compared to neighboring casinos. I probably wont stay here again.
This place is really beautiful and centrally located in the middle of the strip. The crowd is a little younger, sometimes bordering on immature, but that's because it's one of the places to be seen at the moment; have a walk through and you'll understand why.
Chicken fried steak and eggs rocks!!!!!!!  Service was excellent. Very attentive. Portions were big and prices were fair. Location was easily accessible with plenty of parking. Restaurant was clean and coffee delicious. We loved it. Great weekend breakfast spot.
Came on fathers day , we got there early cause it gets packed.. staff was very attentive and never had a problem refilling drinks or answering questions .. The food was awesome and huge portions for little money. My omelet was 7.50 and came with thin cut potatoes ! OVER ALL will definitely be back !!
The grits were ON POINT. I got the fried chicken and waffle. Super hot fire. Had to dock a point 'cause the lady up front barely understood English, so it literally took like 20 minutes just to order my food. But other than that, the food was hella good. I would definitely be back.
My wife loves Mexican food but she was not impressed with this place. We had the mango guacamole (which was good), chicken taquitos (not good) and steak fajita (okay).
This is the best Kabob place I've found on the East Side. We usually do take out and the meat is cooked and seasoned perfectly and the rice is delicious. Very gracious staff as well. I usually order the beef kabob and I love it.
The employees seem miserable and the doughnuts are made poorly. They never give my napkins in the drive though with anything I could order a doughnut, coffee and bagel and I always have to ask for them. Maybe It's just me but I feel like when you go through the drive though it should just be provide with our question.
This was a really good place. Overall good food, service was really good, was a little bit noisy. In a very nice neighborhood with cobblestone streets. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a good restaurant.
Tuna was way off ... Spicy tuna roll was too much rice .... But it's cheap .
An okay breakfast diner, but nothing to be excited about.  The decor, however, is annoying and not at all conducive to relaxing and enjoying the meal.  Much too much fake nostalgia.
Meh. Friday night and they have tons of pre cooked pizza sitting there. Not fresh, salad that came in the combo was decent.
Excellent Restaurant.  Clean, Good Food and Service I highly recommend.
What are these \"hidden fees\" people keep talking about?  I was clearly made aware of all the fees when I signed up before I signed the dotted line and read all the fine print. So I am curious what the buzz is about?  This is a very nice gym.
Crispy chicken sandwich, can't go wrong
Very shady place. Bad service and drinks were in a dirty glass. There were guys with guns that seemed to work here. It is a really weird place and I didn't feel safe. The food was god awful too.
Food was pretty good.  Service was great.  Will go back again. Not very wide selection of beer thou.
Margaritas to go! Come here grab your yard stick to-go and proceed to explore the rest of the Vegas Strip drink in hand!
Not very good. They were sloppy.
Unimpressive... I'd rather go to Panda Express. I didn't even finish my food.
had 5 dishes and 4 were bad...only good dish I had was the rib-eye for 2. if you do not have an exotic tongue, this place is not for you. btw: do not try the black spaghetti!
Very pricey even for the airport.. though fresh and acceptable. The bagels don't have that chewy bagel texture, more like bread. In a pinch, it'll do.
Love it!!! Looks real divey from the outside and way small. Inside, total tiki tradition! Salty but sweet bartendress, cheap drinks guaranteed to get you wasted. Get a drink in a mug, they're worth it!!
The lobster tacos were awesome. The service was horrible and the music was loud and annoying.
To me service is everything even if the food isn't so great the experience is what makes or breaks it. The food here is pretty decent but the service could be way better the girls always seem to have an attitude. probably won't go here anymore.
They have very very delicious shrimp tacos go - taco tuesday! You really can't go wrong with any selection. They have really nice salad too !
Very good good day service very clean.   Good service.  Highly recommend.   Looks like it might be one of our new regular places.
Terrible service. Never anyone around to help. Food was just ok  fries soggy. Took 10 minutes to get mustard for out burgers. Beers were flat.  Will never come back. So many other great places in Pittsburgh. This place is a complete waste of your time
Honestly the best barbeque restaurant. I always prefer pork for barbeque and they have the best pulled pork. Their fried okra and seasoned fries are really good too.
This Whole Foods is lovely. It's always clean, the hot bar always smells delicious, and the staff are always helpful. Plus, I love the values of the Whole Foods business, and I will continue to shop here with loyalty.
Did an awesome job on our garage cabinets. He kept his word with everything he said he would do. Cabinets look great and very professional - would recommend him to any of our friends or family. He did the upper and lower cabinets, workbench, tool wall, and overhead storage rack. Best garage in the neighborhood. Thanks David!
Good massage.  I got a 1hr hot stone massage.  Appt was easily made with short notice.  Friendly front desk, nice rooms.  IMO comparable to Dolce's services, without all the upselling afterwards.
I really like cold stones. This place is always busy and there isn't much seating though. I usually get it to go, so it doesn't matter to me. The staff is always friendly, but the prices are a little high. It's nice to have one so close.
Oh yeah the BBQ goes hard!  This place has the best BBQ in area...really great market with lots of cheese and meats and really cool decor.
Went for the midnight and it was so cool! Lot of people lot of girls lot of drink and lot of good time with friends. Will go again
I wish I could give no stars. So unfortunate. We are currently still waiting to see the Dr. & have been here for over 3 HOURS!!!! According to the front desk & the other reviews this is normal. Save yourself the frustration & time, go elsewhere.
It is a casino what can I say? Last time I was there the pool was not heated but I loved the cinema and bowling alley they have upstairs!
The Banh Mi was solid. Fulfilled the craving I was having, but I'm still in search of something to equal that of Don cafe in houston TX.
Great food.  Plenty of football.  Awesome prices,  Chill atmosphere.  Best cheese fries in the neighborhood.
one of the best $7meals ive ever \n had.   Chicken was great, fries amazing.   Loved it.
Ok. Relatively cheap for sandwich.  My sandwich was filing but tasteless.  Not sure what they use for oil and vinegar but it had no taste.  Even the meat was bland.  Weird.
Food was pretty mediocre and the service was pretty terrible. There are some big freaking tvs, but other than that it's pretty underwhelming.
Great service, knows me by now as Turkey Dog Combo gal:) It's hard to find Turkey dogs in this town & lucky enough this one is close to me! Great prices $5.25 for a great lunch served with love & a smile.
Good - not great, although my 13 year old loved his burrito. The food was O.K., nothing I would crave or go back for. Everyone we came in contact with was very nice and attentive but I personally prefer having one server. We had 3 people asking the same questions 3 times over.
Expensive for food that is mediocre.  The wait time for the food was incredibly long and they weren't even that busy.  Lame.
There is definitely some cool vintage stuff here, but it is generally overpriced and the selection isn't as good as some other places in the vicinity. \n\nThe staff has a high opinion of themselves,  but its still worth checking out. at least once.
I'm not sure if I lived at the same place as these last two reviews.  This place is tacky. Plan on being charged for carpet when you leave if you have pets.
Awful service. Used to enjoy coming here, will not return. I have had bad service before, and if servers make mistakes  and apologize or admit them, I can have sympathy. The server ignored us most of the night, and would not apologize or acknowledge his mistakes. Unhappy with how our experience ended up here and we will not return.
Best fried rice ever! The Oxtail fried rice was simply amazing! Every bite of rice was filled with meat. Rarely happens with fried rice.  Next time I go, definitely going to try the bone marrow pho. Looks crazy!
Man what can I say, KJ's is great.the food is delicious!! Gets a little crowded at times but well worth the wait.salt and pepper pork chops my favorite.When in Vegas check this place out.
This is your standard walmart. Okay selection, okay things, okay service. Everything is just a-okay. I like the one in tempe a little better but all walmarts are pretty much the same to me.
Good beer list, but the menu and service are poor at best.
If you are in the mood for half salad bar, half sit-down, this is the restaurant for you! It was clean, the prices were average and the food was OK.
Terrible food quality and very disorganized. Very disappointing.
The food was good, the waitress was a little slow but overall we had a nice experience. The chicken nachos are slowly becoming my favorite...
My brow wax could have been better!
Great lashes, and customer service was excellent. Emma did a great job and was very thorough in explaining aftercare instructions. I definitely recommend this place!
Great authentic Thai food.  So glad to have found this place!!!  This is the only Thai restaurant I'll choose to go to in the Phoenix area.\n\nI love their Phad Kee Mao.  Everything I've had has been 5 stars so far.  Their Thai Iced Tea is yummy too.
Good place to go if you're craving something fast or just wanna stop buy for ice cream. Nice workers
It's definitely a place for the younger crowd.  VERY loud inside.  I had a couple tacos that were pretty good. The waitress was great.
seriously? concierge service and tip jars in the bathrooms? but what happens if no one tips? (shudder)
This place is amazing! Food is great and the prices are reasonable. Family meal for four with two apps, three drinks, two entrees and one dessert for $30. So much food we're taking a full to go box home.\nWe'll definitely be back soon!
Good little place to eat. Prices are reasonable, portions are not over sized, staff is knowledgable of their menu items, friendly fast service and the place is clean!
As the others have said the drive thru takes forever! The workers are nice and pleasant but they could work faster. So far every drink I've ordered has been ok. So I guess that's the sacrifice for waiting so long
I ordered the take out poutine with bacon and onion. Took about 5 mins from the order. Taste great.
Probably a good place for some food after a night of drinking.  They're open late.  Tried their Angela Pizza and a meat pizza.  Toppings on the pizza were decent, but it's the crust that kills it.  Slightly too thick, very bland tasting.  My friends steak sandwich looked much better.
This is one of those places where your dish will be as good, or as bad as you make it.  That said, my food was outstanding.  I'll definitely go here again the next time I visit Charlotte.
We had them do the master closet in our new American West home. It came out fantastic and the best part is that my wife and I had no disagreements in regards to closet space as we got to design the closet to both our needs. It most definitely made our moving in experience a lot easier.
Pizza is always great, love the wings. it's a busy place. The booths need some TLC. Very reasonable prices.
Great service. Clam chowder is full of, wait for it, clams! Chicken pistachio salad is great. Who doesn't love the muffins? Sad today. No chocolate chip ones but the spice one was as good.
Great place with generous portions, their skillets are delicious, i am not a fan of giant portions, but once in a while it's good to have a cheatmeal, wildberry is the place to go. My daughter and I love it here everytime
We finally just left. Never got service after watching our waitress gab to her friends for 15 minutes. Nice.
First time in today and it was a great experience.   My barber,  Neil,  did a fantastic job and was a great conversationalist,  as well.  Definitely coming in next time I'm in Las Vegas!
I was impressed the owner contacted me personally.  But I still havent returned.  I will give them an A for effort in an attempt to get me to return for a better experience... I just havent wanted to.
Smoothie King delivers?! Minimum charge $15 - accepts AMEX too.\n\nBut I wish smoothies weren't so expensive =(\n\nDrink of choice? Muscle punch (no turbinado) - tastes like a strawberry creamsicle.
Great on a Friday night when everyone's flying in ready to get NUTS. Terrible on Sunday evening when hungover people are not good at following TSA instructions. NEEDS MORE POWER...plugs.
Good food horrible service!!!
Discount tire tries go out of there way to help you. Don't forget it is a tire company so this is quite nice. Nobody likes to buy new tires these days with the prices through the roof but atleast they're trying to make it pleasant.
After reading all of the reviews it seemed like a good place to go for the first time, I was not satisfied with my meal nor the appetizer we got. The steak I ordered was mostly fat rather than meat. The service was great however I did not enjoy the food.
Wow!!! What an awesome place. Service and food are incredible!! \nBest BBQ chicken and ribs I've had!! Sides were great too. Can't wait to go back to Vegas!!
The produce selection and sandwich specials can't be beat, but sometimes the deli counter is a bit slow during the lunch rush.
Rooms are adequate and the staff is friendly.  \nBW+ is fine for our spring training visits.
I've loved this place for years.  It's typical of chop suey houses in other major cities; authentic, perhaps short on style but absolutely outstanding food.  Great people.
Good ambience. Looks like the cheesecake factory. This place is super busy on the weekends so call ahead. Got the feel of an upscale olive garden. Not impressive but not disappointing either.
Incredible food, whether you just grab a fresh-made scone, or order a full meal. Good coffee. It can get crowded, but it is a fun and eclectic atmosphere. I definitely try to bring out-of-town visitors to Lux to get a good feel for urban Phoenix culture.
I mean the prices are okay I guess but the food isn't the best the coffee was so strong and sweet I had to toss it I don't really like this place lol ....
Restaurants don't provide many gluten free or veggie options. Elevator nazis are rude. Wifi in rooms is incredibly slow. This place is stuck in 1998
Subpar sushi, rude service, reused to honor my groupon. I'll never be visiting here again. Save your money! Gi to sushimon instead.\n\nHonestly, just horrible. I've never been treated so badly.
My absolute favorite neighborhood bar!! Johnny-the swing shift bartender is the best!! Food is great (i love the gorgonzola filet), service is awesome and the atmosphere is very nice also. I highly recommend this bar for anyone who wants great food from great people!!!
The food here is okay.  Wings, BBQ, Bar foods. The floor here is always super slippery.  It doesn't matter if I am wearing heels or sneakers.  I just don't get why the floor is like and ice skating rink.
This place is awesome!!  been going here for years the # 1 is the way to go red chili is amazing
This is my home airline and fly it pretty much exclusively. I love their new upgrades to their seats and their newer planes are very comfortable. Most importantly though, their mileage plan is top notch with lots of great partners.
Expensive booze, expensive snacks, ghetto clientele, and no restroom D: Only good things are the parking structure and plenty of sunscreen available for purchase.
The food here is not very interesting.  There's no way to keep out the cigarette smoke from the casino, so that's a distraction.  I don't think I will be going back.
It's aiiiiiighhht.\n\nI believe people only rant and rave about it because the cupcake SOUNDS delicious. Overall, it wasn't that great and it's all in the frosting. It'll get ya.
The only thing you need to know about this place is that it's the best dim sum you can get in Phoenix.  Do yourself a favor and go try it.
The stand outside (edgars), chicken taco with everything on it, best ever.
This place is great! Got a brand new pair of shoes for $35. There's obviously a huge variety of clothes. The staff were VERY nice! I will definitely be back!
Yes, I went to support this business. Had never tried one before. We were pleasantly surprised. Probably the best fast food I've had. Clean facility, English speaking employees, and a very decent meal for the price. We will go back.
Steamed even better than the fried. SO SO SO SO SO GOOD.
Sometimes the size of the chicken strips is a bit suspect in the box meals. If you want the most bang for your buck order the sandwich with an extra side of Texas toast.
Amazingly great food and light on the wallet! I usually get something different every time now that they have an expanded menu
The crepes were a bit too sweet for my tastes.  I got the gnutella version, which i expected to be inside the crepe, but it was also spread all throughout the outside which made the crepe a little too hazelnutty.
Great food, good value, huge sides and it was really nice to be casual in a steak house.  We will be there a lot.
Food is delicious and the three salsas they bring with chips are amazing.  Freindly female bartender and friendly staff. Check out their specials $9.99 fajitas and ritas
Just a good burger and fries place..
Soggy bun killed the burger for me. Meat was actually quite good. Also like the cheese curds and the fries. Grilled onions not so great on the burger.
Stopped in with my wife while shopping for a quick bit and had the mussels in coconut, lime, and something spicy sauce.   Fantastic!  Didn't leave a drop.   We plan to visit more often.  Ciao!
Service a little slow, but food is very good.  Would recommend to everyone. Ruben was delicious .
Fancy place.  Not great food. \n\nThis place is a fancy, expensive Mexican restaurant for people what to spend more money than they should and get far less than good Mexican food.  I guess if you're from Minnesota, Wisconsin or BC this is passible, but it is far from good Mexican food.
My expectations were high and the food was just so-so. Got the chicken and waffles.  Chicken was pretty good, waffles not so great.  Don't feel the need to revisit.
Its always hit or miss. Theres one woman who works here that just always has something more important she needs to do. Normally we try to sit with a different server but it always seems to be our luck that she's there. The foods great but that blonde lady needs to go.
I used this bakery for my wedding. I was planning my wedding from out of town so I was unable to come in person for a consultation. Their communication was fabulous. They were very open to my ideas and produced exactly what I asked for. Their prices were very reasonable. Thanks a bunch!
This is a great way to enjoy a game, it's regular Friday's food and 50% of the face value of each table is credited to the food and beverage total. The table is available about 30 minutes before the game.
Came on a weekday night; there were plenty of seats at this location, no wait time. Service is friendly and efficient. Food isn't anything special however. If visiting Vegas, no need to go out of the way.
Basically a sports bar with a good beer selection, if that's your thing. Nowhere comfortable to sit, no food
the chicken with bacon is my favorite. very rich flavor and the sausage is good too. \nsalad bar is available if you want a break from all the meat. melons are fresh and sweet. like the place. definitely recommended!!!
Crowded, pushy, noisey unimaginative.  Do not bother.
Much better selection of women's clothing than the one at San Tan but everything looks kind of disheveled like it's always in the midst of the days right before Christmas.
Reading a couple bad reviews while waiting at sky harbor and had to write a review. I don't think I ever had a bad experience here. It's always clean and the airport staff is always friendly.
Moon Doggies and Naked City Pizza are great. The manager of Naked City is very accommodating and the bartender is super nice. The food is fantastic and the prices are great! Great chill joint to hang with friends and watch a game or listen to music.
This restaurant is hard to find, but I would say worth the search for health conscious patrons.  Reasonably priced health-centric alternative to the numerous beffets.
This place has been closed for awhile now.
Stick to the happy hour food.
Food was ok but the beer was very good.  The service was rather poor and considering how empty the place was I would have expected a much more attentive waitress. I like the building and the open space is nice, too bad it's way down in Ahwatukee.
Im glad they replaced the casino carpet!! The hotel is average and has clean comfy accommodations.  There is bowling all night too. The buffet is worth the money and makes for a great meal. This is a solid hotel if you dont want to oay for any extra bells and whistles
what a shit hole!  There is never anything on the shelves.  I'm surprised when I go to pump gas dust doesn't pour out.  This place is so bad it has it's own facebook page with about 2,000 people who agree that it's the worst gas station ever.  EVER!
I had my first adjustment ever done at Kerch Chiropratic and Kim Kerch was able to make me a patient for life.
VERY VERY Good sushi place!\nFamily own, 30% off sushi, clean place and of course, fantastic sushi!!!\n\nCan you ask for more??? I don't think so!
Nice place to sit outside and enjoy a good meal.  the spinach salad was great, the duck breast was amazing.  The Gnocchi was very dry and a little burned on the side.  Dinner in the patio was excellent!!!
tastey homestyle food made from scratch. the green chile quiche was excellent. plan on going back for the meatloaf sandwich.
Writing an update on this review. I didn't have the best experience but because the manager came online on yelp and apologized personally I am changing my review for updated customer service, I appreciate the effort.
Came back to watch some basketball and all the bartenders give more attention to the roided out guys but the waitress was great
macaroons at 1.20 each-a bit sweet but not bad! Incredible After Eight mocha and decent milkshake.  The bacon & maple syrup cr\u00eape was great and the croque madame sandwich was tasty as well
Edamame and California roll.  Simple lunch, prepared and served well.  Will definitely come back next time I'm in town.
Walked in and didn't know what to do so we waited a minute until someone noticed us. Very cool environment, both got the petes pick but i left hungry, for 16$ a person that is not cool! Overall taste was ok, and i love bbq so that's kind of a bummer too.
Never have had a bad thing here! My family and I come here very often and love it! Awesome specials every day, I have loved every soup I have tried here. When they have the Halibut cheeks on there special GET THEM, they are delicious!!!!!!!!!!!
Everything was delicious! And the outside view of the restaurant is of the flamingo. Having said that, my drinks were way too sweet! Less sugar and more alcohol! The food was very expensive, but sensational. All I can say is: bun, steak, eggs, bacon, bun... Best sandwich idea ever!
Free buffet with your players card . Worth 80 $ for 2 people. Love it.  :)\nrooms here are so beautiful and big .  got an offer for 2 free night , 2 free buffet and 25 $ free play .love it here .
Really the besst watch store around. Extremely helpful staff. Always willing to assist without pressure to buy. As a result I have purchased several watches from them and the customer service has been outstanding. They also have a great repair facility and a excellent selection of used watches. Highly recommended.
Hit & miss. Returned food it was cold.
Not what you'd expect to see in Shandon but a very nice bar nonetheless. Prices are a bit steep considering your not in town but a nice selection of lagers and beers is a refreshing change from what's usually on tap in nearby pubs.  Nice place to start a night out.
Drove 5 hours with family after seeing on tripple DDD. Food was fantastic. I don't like Alfredo sauces but their chicken Alfredo was unbelievably fantastic as well as their subs. and marinera sauce. My family and I will be back. This is highly recommended.
Really good donuts and friendly service.   You can tell that each donut is baked with a dash of love.
I have gone to this place for years and USED to really love it.  I still love the atmosphere, but the food has gone WAY down hill.  If your looking for great decor, friendly staff and poor food this is your place.\n\nSeems that they are resting on their fame now only.
Great little stop for Hawaiian food. I love how fast everything is, despite it not being as local as other local eateries.  It still has that flavor, but it's changed since my first time there.  Still, good food.
Home sweet home!!
God I hate K-Mart, but this one is so close to my house, I end up here rather than Target when I need household essentials.  I dunno, something about this place is just so... sterile.  I don't like it.
SO GOOD! Authentic, definitely. And everyone I've met who works there is really nice. I've been there probably about 10 times over the years and have never been disappointed.
Not a bad airport. Rarely have flight delays. The food vendors are decent. The only problem I have is the new baggage claim area. the shuttle brings you to the end opposite where the bags are being unloaded and this is a HUGE building. I guess it is prepping you for the walking distance between hotels on the strip...
I haven't been there for long time. Two of us went there to eat ramen noodles.\nThey used to serve good noodles, but both noodles(different kind)had little taste at this time.I might go back there for other dishes,but I don't think I will try ramen again.
The main reason I go to Tornado is for their frog legs. Incredible. The entrees and the rest is fine, I'm sure, but I really have trouble seeing beyond the perfection of those magic frog legs.
The food at Devils is surprisingly really good, defiantly surprised at the quality they had to offer. Although the service wasn't the best I've seen (as previous reviewers stated) their food and fun bar atmosphere definitely make up for it. Will absolutely be returning to devils this Sunday to watch the games!
This deli is something that I would recommend you check out if you have enough time in Vegas. The food comes in EPIC proportions and the quality is good, but the prices are way too high and the staff is not very polite. Don't expect a great service experience
Very good pizza! 2 huge slices and a drink for $4.50, perfect deal. \nThe pizza is delicious, thin crust, and the pepperoni tastes delicious!!! \nGreat place to get quick lunch.
I have gone back several times now. The beer is cold, the staff is friendly and it is one of the few burgers my grandson will eat. Good place. I think I must have originally hit them when they were new and working out the kinks.
This place is cool.
Average food, lousy service, dirty utensils and a fly was on our food! The gal that brought us our food didn't even care (or so it seems). Bad management!  Get a grip and you just might make it.
Very clean salon and friendly staff. When I went in, it was empty so they got started on me immediately. Not too expensive and a full menu of nail and wax services. Definitely coming back.
:)\nthe. end.
it was cool except security asking to see my room key when im trying to take the ladies back to my room
I give it one star because the meat is fresh sliced. The bread was falling apart, it was so thin. And all the veggies looked old and wilted and the tomato was yellowish. Won't come back
Very good Thai food and service! Brand new and very clean interior. The Thai tea was at the perfect sweetness, the Tom Kom Kai (coconut soup) was unique and very pleasing.
I had to change my review recently. Much of the \"staff\" we have come to love has left. If your one for mixed drinks- one might choose differently. The bartenders are hit and miss. Hopefully management will get a handle on that and fix that issue soon.
So much better than Pei Wei right next door. I am a big fan of this place for lunch.
Not a great breakfast place at all.  Poor service and just blah food.  Who \"runs out\" of hollandaise sauce?  Gross!
I've been on a quest to find the best Indian cusine in las Vegas and My Everest comes 1st every time! And trust me I have tried many. Everest is nice, delicious food, friendly staff, and the owner is cute lol \nAny way It's great food any time of day!
Mac King is incredible! In such a small venue, all seats give you a great view. Despite this, you will have no idea how he manages to pull off some of his tricks.  His comedy was also pretty good, particularly if you enjoy puns. His slapstick style really enhances the creativity behind his truly amazing illusions.
The Lo Mein is awesome!
Esther is an awesome trainer. She gives excellent pointers and made me feel very comfortable my first time.
Terrible, terrible, terrible service. I came in to get a fill and they turned me away because they didn't have \"time\" seriously? There were 2 people in the store. I can't even believe I was treated like this. I don't know what type of business turns clients away.
They carry Eegee's!!!!!!!\n\nI love Eegee's but am rarely in Tuscon. Finally I have a place to go satisfy my cravings without having to drive 90 min. \n\nTheir subs are pretty good too :)
So incredibly delicious.  I don't even think there needs to be anything other than that.  \nEverything we ordered was amazing, and the service was outstanding.
Unsanitary.  Get in the hot tub and look up.  Enough said.  Pedi/mani was mass market.  How on earth does this place keep ranking #1 in the country when they don't keep up with the green growth on their ceiling.
The bar tenders were super friendly, and I loved feeling glamorous in this little bar. The cocktails are top notch. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll definitely make a return visit.
Tom's a great teacher, he's got it down that's for sure! I had to get my BLS/CPR cert prior to getting into EMT at CSN. He also compacts all the material from a 8 hour class to 3-3 1/2 hours. You get certified that same day. Great experience!
Just a normal flight...not impressed but not totally bad. Flight into Phoenix my seat did not recline so that was a bummer and their check-in online system is way complicated.
I love this place great sandwiches. I always stop by here when I'm in Vegas. I wish I had one back home.
Great Target!  Always clean, got a starbucks in there.  Never too busy.  Always enough cashiers working to meet the demand of people in line.  My go-to Target, for sure.
Don't go here if you have a rescue dog they don't care about the animals. My dog was there less than one hour. Of the interview process when I received a phone call come get her from what I saw the of the place any dog would be happier and safer at home
I love their rice plates!! The chef also adds a little artistic touch to the food too!
Great place to watch a game, smoke a cigar and have a beer you have probably never had before.
Been here twice.. First time was great but the second time just ok.. Don't know it just wasn't good as the first time.. Too bad..
Pretty good yogurt and toppings.  Always clean and staff is pleasant.
Quality bagels made in-house. Located on Carefree Highway just east of I-17, Hot Bagels is good place to stop for a quick breakfast or lunch when traveling either way on I-17.
About 45 minute wait for the food, which was cold when it arrived. The waiter wasn't very polite or helpful. The food was just ok; the butter chicken was too sweet. Expensive for the amount and the quality of the food.
This is not the best pho in the Valley. I hate to write a poor review of a business but don't get your hopes up if you're a pho enthusiast.
A rite of passage for a bachelorette party. Certainly entertaining. Very camp. Nice eye candy although some of the men seemed jaded. I've seen better dance routines and moves.
the one and only time for me... i got food poisoning..
Extremely mediocre food that is not worth the price.  Two drinks, a sandwich, and a burger ran us $80, which I would be fine with if it were great - but I have had WAY better for less.  Just not worth the price.  I would consider sharing a desert here or having a drink, but skip the meals.
I don't know if it was an off day, or if I just liked this place in college because I had no taste buds after a long day of drinking. This place has nothing on Chipoltle. The chicken was dry, salsa had no kick, and rice has no flavor.
This is one of the better Pho joints among the many scattered on Spring Mountain Road. Super casual and decent service. Note: They take CASH ONLY.
Food was good service was not great.  Not there when you need them.  Had to get up for silverware and napkins and for more water.
AMAZING!!!\nJoey was just recently our photographer for our wedding and all of our pictures were just beautiful. We received them so quickly after the wedding and love all of them. He captured every great moment of the night and also captured such beautiful candid moments. We highly recommend him for any event!
This review is of the delivery service only.  I ordered online on 5/26 at 7:23 p.m.  Food did not arrive (to the near West side) until 9:15 p.m.  Called twice and was told that the food was in the delivery car.  Poor communication and service.  Food was fine.  Don't get delivery!
Minimum sucks, be careful what u order. Plan what u will eat and drink or it will bit ya. But all in all great place!
Half my nails were filed square and the other round. They don't know what they are doing. Waste of money.
Service is ok.  A 1 1/2\" head on a beer though is NOT a \"perfect pour\" in my opinion!  Not at all happy about that & this location is the only one that uses this excuse.  And bring back the red jalapeno poppers PLEASE!!!
This is a great establishment. After looking for a little Asheville style restaurant we finally found Zada Jane's. We have come here a few times during the week and have always been happy with everything.
Te best cheese steak west of Philly!  Excellent fries and potato chips, too.\nUPDATE:  The cheese steak is even better with the new rolls.  I tried a chicken cheese steak this week.  It might even be better than the regular cheese steak.
The curry chicken is amazing. The staff is very friendly. Make sure to try their different varieties of bread, amazing to say the least. Best Indian food in the west valley.
One of the better matinee values in vegas! White tigers...good magic...pretty girls...what more do you want in this town!??! Its the typical boxes and vanishes but he has a great act! enjoy!
Awesome and awesomely priced hamachi sashimi ($11), Saba ($5) appetizer. Beautiful interior, atmosphere. Not much here for non fish eaters, buy everything is super yum. Go here.
The nachos were delish!  The prices were CRAZY!  A couple of appetizers and an entre plus three drinks split between 4 people = over $100.  I just can't used to Vegas prices.  :( Loud party atmosphere though.
One of the few nice Chinese restaurants!
Gets worse every time I come here.  The only reason I keep coming back is because of the food.  Service is horrendous. I was completely ignored. My food forgotten. Please please train your staff better. An appetizer dish should not be brought out after dessert. (restaurant wasn't even busy)
How does one go about getting their money back for 2 buffets here?  Yikes!
I did breakfast a couple of times on my last Vegas trip since I was staying at the Luxor, pretty descent buffet by Vegas standards. They have a lot to choose from, and most of everything I tried was good. All of the servers were really nice and they keep this place really clean.
Perty good pizza. My boyfriend's family says it's their favorite pizza in the area - easy to see why!
The hot dog was ok.  I loved that it was really fast service. On the other hand, I don't understand Detroit, Coney Island, and Hot Dog connection.
Coming from a US southerner, this food was very delicious. I truly enjoyed my visit.
Do not use these guys at all. They failed to pick up from the airport despite two phone calls to customer service. On the way home they again failed to take me to the airport. Since I prepaid, they have my money and no incentive for customer service.
Decent, affordable real Mexican food on the strip.  The food is just pretty good, easily the best affordable food on the Strip.
Big ass Sandwiches and very tasty. The cold slaw is delicious and made with no mayo. I do recommend. Great staff! Just add some more meat to sandwich and it gets 5 stars.
Good pupusas and empanadas
100 times better than previous ownership. My wife and I both got sandwiches and beer on a Saturday night and were very impressed.
This microbrewery is definitely a centerpiece of Madison's dining and drinking scene.  I'm surprised nobody else has reviewed it yet.  Pretty cool place with frequent live music, a back room with pool and darts and an expansive menu showcasing the best artichoke cheese dip ever.
Way overpriced.  Love the decor and ambiance, but Delux prices don't work without top notch burgers.  And $6 fries is just ridiculous.
Way overpriced. Ordered pasta and the plate came half empty. I don't mind the price as long as I get a decent sized place. Not ordering from here again.
My boyfriend's fish and chips were bland and way too greasy. Our server had to bring us a fresh batch of fries because the first batch was cold.\n\nI had a decent spinach and chicken salad (kind of hard to mess that up).\n\nI don't recommend this restaurant.
Amazing homemade pho the way it should be for a great price. Amazing customer service. The epitome of hole-in-the-wall Vietnamese cuisine.
Really good cocktails, friendly bartender, awesome beer list.  Sure it's in old Vegas, but grab a cab and make a night of it.  Much better deal than you'll get on the strip, and in a retro, chill environment.\n\nBonus for the ladies:  clean bathrooms!
I never thought anything called the Pink Taco could be this bad, but it was.  From the sub-par and bland food to the horrid service, I definitely will not be coming back to this Pink Taco.  No thank you madam.  This is just one Pink Taco I can do without.
Clean. Tasty. Did NOT make me sick but still got a headache from the MSG.
Capriottis is famous for \"The Bobbie\" which is basically thanksgiving in a sandwich. However, their cheese steak is a better choice. I Ordered it with jalapenos and mushrooms, my mouth is watering thinking about it.
I went here for lunch. The food and service were good but nothing to brag about. I am interested in checking out the brunch and they have good happy hour specials that interest me.
I once had long strong healthy blond hair, I now have mushy stretchy blue highlights. George was his name. Stay away.
This place has become a real joke over the past couple years. Worse service anywhere. They just can't handle it anymore with the immigration crack down.. The food is hit and miss anyway...Never again.
Our second visit was as much fun as the first.  They now accept reservations!  Return visits are a must to work one's way through the menu.  Eat here before the place is overun with winter visitors.
The steelers atmosphere is through the roof! Happy I'm here for the first game of the season!!! This Bloody Mary isn't hurting either! ;) #steelernation
I am a member of the one that is being built in las vegas and i wanted to see what they were like so i got a free pass from the vegas office to go in.  Place is amazing.  Clean and just has everything you would ever think of having at a gym
The ice cream here is definitely tasted, but I think the ice cream is too melted. It has already melt down to my hand even before I went out of the front yard. I prefer something with more solid texture, but if you like soft ice cream, this is definite the place to go.
If you are a serious gambler, you will NOT appreciate the attitude of the craps dealers at Palazzo.  Take the time to walk less than 5 minutes to the Venetian.  These have to be some of the most professional, and enjoyable dealers I've ever had the pleasure of meeting.
Are lunch had fish tacos, enchiladas and rellenos with margaritas.  Food was ok drinks were not the best though lots of tequila and not other taste.
Recommend. Came in during my lunch hour on a whim and was extremely happy with the result. $20 ($17+tip) for a leg massage/pedi. The woman who was giving me the pedicure was so sweet and welcoming. Love her. Will definitely be back.
Knowledge and helpfulness were excellent. This place would have gotten 5 stars if they hadn't misplaced my order when it came in. A clogged disposal really can't wait too long.
So much fun! I am no artist, but this place gets your right brain creative edge flowing!Stacey and Taylor were so helpful and encouraging. This a great place for a GNO or just a fun night out with friends.
Really liked there combo. This restaurant was hard to find good luck finding it but, if u find place u won't b disappointed.
I love this place. I come to Charlotte all the time for work and always stay at the nearby Hilton. They have SO many kinds of coffee/tea and always have fresh bananas (my breakfast of choice!) The staff is so nice and friendly too- always cheers me up!
Fast service and good food.  Great for a quick turn lunch.  Their new loyalty rewards card is pretty cool too.  You regiter it online and rack up rewards points for free food later.  Kind of novel for a sub shop.  Only down side is that I think their prices are a little high compared to other sub joints.
Decent beef noodle soup, with just the right amount of spiciness.  However, service was unorganized and orders got mixed up.  One of our orders never came out and we had to remind the waitress that we were expecting another dish.  Prices are good though if you're looking for an inexpensive restaurant off the strip.
Once again. Order delivered wrong. Who's the fool now. Ok...I'll quit ordering from there. smh
Good music, great location. Incompetent management and crappy service. There was maybe 30.people there on a Friday night and it took 20 minutes to get a round of drinks.
Food has always been amazing. The atmosphere is great and they serve huge portions of food. Their mixed drinks are also very very good.
I've been to a lot of outlets in my day. This one is pretty good and was open on Christmas Day. However I wish that they would have advertised that not all stores are open on Christmas! Quite a few were closed.\n\nThe parking garage is a little crazy so I would drive with caution.
The place was very clean and had a jungle feel to it as the theme! I loved the lion show and the stores are pretty decent. I like the theme for this hotel and how the huge lion statue is outside. I really want to stay at the MGM sometime.
This was a huge disappointment. Tables are tiny and noise level was loud and annoying. Food was just ok- way over priced and tiny portions.
Woke up to a leak in the water main to my house on a Sunday morning.  By noon Davis Plumbing had it repaired and I was on to my afternoon of relaxing.    Very reasonable in pricing, nice repairman.  Life is good!
All sorts of meat & seafoods are sold here. tomatos, potatoes, green peppers, onions here are cheaper and w/ higher quality than that in Lotus, because the Americans love them too much...
This place is awesome. Much cheaper than taking my dog to a groomer and also keeps my bathroom clean. Owners are very nice and helpful. I brought my own shampoo and conditioner, so I cannot comment on there's but each stations does have towels and a blow dryer which is very convenient.
so I'm stuck  in the middle with this place. Luxe  has really good food and I like the theater, arcade and bowling alley but they need a SEVERE upgrade  to the staff. They  are far too immature and need to act way more professional.
I can't believe a place this delicious actually exists. Everything I ate and drank here resulted in pure euphoria. I'll be back.
Their name should be Teriyaki Sadness !
Worst Steak ever. \nService was ok. \nView: amaizing. \nNever again!
They're slipping something fierce.  One of their best dishes is the fish taco, which I got just over a week ago.  Yesterday however the fish came out extra stinky (old fish), and they tried to cover it up by making it super salty.  Now I have to find a new Mexican sit down restaurant.  :/
Like the unique sushi and brazillian food. Got there super packed but didn't wait for table since we had hookups. Best sake and great service
Stopped in for lunch. I had the crab cake sandwich. It was, honestly, the best crab cake sandwich I've ever had. EXCELLENT
Great food. Attentive service. Elegant, cozy atmosphere. What else could one want? Highly recommend it.
Happy to find a place with such clean, flavorful food. The service was not the best at first, so I was impressed when the waiter came to me acknowledging the lax performance and offered us a free dessert! The whole staff was very friendly, and the chefs were especially entertaining. Will most definitely be coming back again!
Not a fan, food was below average to us. Why do they have tables inside? They are clearly not set up for dine in. We ate inside and had an experience we do not wish to repeat.
Huge shop.\nThe funtirure bit is immense, the clothing and books are though the wall and well stocked. Upstairs there is a big bit with various media videos etc. Nice staff too.
Great crust, but pretty greasy and on the expensive side.  Just a few stools for seating. Kind of cool location and atmosphere.
Not the best pho place I've had in town, not the worst either. Good selection and they let us order our food to go, which made was cool. I didn't order a traditional Vietnamese dish, but it was still good. Worth a visit with a coupon. Might try a rice plate next time.
Loved the room. Comfortable beds, awesome shower, very modern and nicley set up. It was a $10-$15 cab ride to the strip. Casino was fun and clean, nice restaurants (except Pink Taco).  I will definitely stay here again.
NEGATIVE STARS! waited for 30 mins alongside other patrons who were there 20 mins before me. Horrible customer service. I left to go to another BofA down the street on Rainbow and Warm springs where I got immediately greeted at the door and waited only 10 mins with someone in front of me.
They were obviously short staffed ... Long line to get seated when they were lots of tables ready, then super slow service.  Outstanding food.
I ordered a spider roll, a lobster roll and Uni. The rolls tastes delicious, especially a spider roll. A fried soft crab in the roll was fresh and crispy. But for Uni, it tasted fishy, not fresh when I had it. Maybe you have to ask a waiter about its quality before order it.
Ordered Chasu Bowl while my boyfriend ordered Kimchi Fried Rice and Shoyu Ramen. Everything was so good and good portions. It's such an incredibly small place though. No reservations, wait could be extremely long if its busy.
Great service\nFood was very average\nFish special was terrible\nOut of most deserts\nNo ice cream!!!
I love the double flyer day on Wednesdays!  The old sales and new sales are both valid.  Great gluten and dairy free options, although they stopped carrying my favorite dairy free blintzes.\nThe employees are generally friendly and available.  Easy parking, bulk products have great sales, and they rarely run out of sale items.
Needs a negative star!  Drive thru slow and food greasy.  Made me pee out of my butt didnt even think that was possible. Never again I say never again
Acupuncture for My Mac Dog. Dr Tuttle and the tech were so friendly, professional, friendly amd amazing. I can see a difference after one treatment and expect great results after a few more. No trying to sell or oversell, just concern for my boy. Love them!
Worst Pizza ever. Delivery took forever - driver had to call because he was lost. Pizza was cold and soggy, called to talk to manager only to hear that there wasn't one working ! Never again.
Update: after being a client for years I stopped going to the brow lady over a year ago. They stopped using quality products and my lashes were falling out.  The worst part was they did nothing to try and keep my business. I guess they don't care about loyal customers :(
When I'm feeling blue and just need a pick me up I go here.  I love it.  Great Pho and killer spring rolls.  Plus the staff is great, service is fast, and the prices are low for what  you get.
This place is the best!!! They make the noodles fresh to order and even have a little viewing window so you can watch them make it. The prices are reasonable and the staff is super friendly. I love coming here.
It appears the management has changed.  They are cheating the customers by filling the bowl with rice and some salad and a thin layer of meat on top giving the impression there is a lot of food.\n\nI will never go there again.  My next visit will be toTeriyaki madness.
More generous side order portions but such crappy service. Had to flag down workers for water, ask twice for sauces, forgetting drinks. Retrain your workers, maybe ask the people at the grove umami how to run a burger place. Good luck surviving.
this place was defenately worth the off the strip ride.
The crab meat corn-chowder appetizer is the finest appetizer I have ever had in my life. I have been to most of the great restaurants in New York City over the past 30 years, and that statement stands.\n\nJust fabulous.
Wow... for ayce sushi.... its amazing.  The quality of the maguro was unbelievable, especially being in the middle of a desert.   The Hawaiian roll melts in your mouth.  a new fav.
good seafood.  good atmosphere.  decent presentation.  great drinks.  over priced.
Pleasantly pleased with this hotel! Got a great price last minute and my room was huge!! Pretty big bathroom and sectional in my room with partial view of the strip! Couldn't beat this at $38 a night! Very easy to get too and the front desk was very nice! Def recommend.
Meh food was ok. It is new management now. Whole new staff..... no more chu chu..new menu with different rolls.. not as fun as before. Try kanji down on apache
I gave the one star because the room is clean.  I requested a King Bedroom but I got a double.  They charged us an extra $30 for the stay without prior notice.  I complained but no response was given.  We will not stay here ever again.
Love their sushi! I prefer this place over \"Ra\" because it's never overcrowded. They have a decent happy hour, and their prices aren't bad either.
doesn't deserve a star..not a great Insurance group.don't bother signing up I was a member for 2 years then what did u guys do I got laid off and denied my claim...don't waste your money.
This place is closed now. Was not very impressed with the BBQ.
The service is absolutely horrible. The staff is rude and acts put out by your mere presence!
A woman named Stella works here and I intentionally drive out of my way because she is both very sweet and very, VERY talented. She can do anything. I hope to never have another hairdresser ever. There isn't even enough words to describe how amazing and informed she is.
I went in today to get party invites for my sons birthday the lady behind the counter was on her phone I asked where the invites where she said on 4 or 6 she did not even get off her phone to help me look I left not finding what I was looking for and upset that I did not get the help I was looking for
Friendly, Fast and reasonable. Very nice family owned business.
\"Outdated Medieval Casino/Hotel\"\nI will have to say that the outside castle and Medieval times theme from the outside of the hotel can surely attract one with a curious mind inside. They have a bit of rennovating to do and if you have kids I guess the shows they offer here are cute.
Food was 1.5 stars, but the place gets another 1.5 stars for having a mechanical bull!  You only need to come here if you miss eating tasteless fried food.  But the dance hall has a mechanical bull, which is great for putting a wig and veil wearing bachelor on it.  Best 5 dollars I've spent!
Delicious! It's not authentic, but the food hits the spot. It looks more like a Roberto's, but the cooks put it down! I recommend the tandory chicken and the hummus. The price is right and the food is fast.
Zorba's burned to the ground March 23, 2011.
We tried calling to make reservations this past Saturday, there were no greetings and the mailbox was full. So we got in the car and drove down there to find the place was all locked up at 6:00 PM. Didn't see any notices posted. \nWe were saddened.
If I could rate them less than one star I would.  I have damaged hair which I understand is my fault, however, they refused to cut my hair unless it was the way they wanted it.  Which was either a pixie cut or a mullet.  Thanks for the wasted gas!
A favorite of mine. Probably the one restaurant that I've been to the most in the 10 years I've been here in Phoenix. Love the Mexican Short Stack.
Food was good. Service was fast. Only a 3 star for the petty reason of 39 cents for a ranch packet. Not a total game breaker, but it's the small things that annoy me.
The only reason I didn't rate it five stars was because of the screwed up delivery. The food is delicious and they took care of me for messing up our order. \n\n#7 (the best of everything) is about the best sandwich ever.
The service was consistently bad. No reason to wait 15 minutes with only two customers in line. Way over priced also.
Smells nasty. Free breakfast on Sunday. Not worth the trip
Tailored my jumpsuit. Price seemed high. But for taking it in my length and my waist in two places they charged $40. Good job overall
Started out well, parmasean potato chips were yummy. The it went down hill fast. Fries and onion straws were luke warm and laden with grease. Burgers are definitely frozen and not fresh. Concept is cute but quality is poor. Save your money.
This frozen yogurt shop not only serves dole whip froyo, but also sells shaved ice.  The hawaiian style shaved ice, not a snow cone.  It also has a small arcade area and the games are free.  Its good place to head out to for dessert with the family.
This place is gross, really just smoke and mirrors.\nThey make you think the food is going to be good because of the ambiance. Food is disgusting. Bartender is slow and rude, way over priced and the bathrooms are gross!
Meh.  This Marriott was disappointing!  Exterior looks rather dated but the biggest gripe I have is my non smoking room smelling like smoke and the loud sorority party that was blasting late into the night.  Hallways were loud as well.  Didn't try the pool but overall just wasn't impressed.
Nice and spicy like I like Indian food. Family operated friendly service. Indian movies in the background. Careful, the plate that says \"whole fish\" is not a whole fish, but a portion. Nice experience otherwise.
Sulky customer service every time I've been here. They also skimp on the portions compared to other Milio's locations in Madison.
Needs updating badly!  The unit I stayed in had a stove top that was not level and the ice maker in the refrigerator leaked water all over the freezer.  The ice was a big deal since there are no ice machines in the property.  Wont stay here again until it gets a much needed remodeling.
The gyros are fantastic! Unfortunately the falafel is always overcooked. All in all, its a good place for a quick lunch or dinner. If I have time to plan a meal, I would probably end up somewhere else.
Definitely going downhill. The teenagers ecerywhere & gangsters & cars being broken into in the parking lot says a lot. I'll drive far out of my way to only shop in scottsdale. It's a shame the apple store is inside the mall.
Enjoyed a breakfast of short rib and poached eggs.  Others in our group had everything from breakfast burritos to classic poached eggs.  No complaints by anyone. Conveniently located and great way to start our morning.
Small business, great service. They have been there for a long time. I actually have a mail box at this store for many years and always been happy. Safe and secure. Shop local !
Very great service from staff! Made my battery replacement very easy! Also, I truly thank the staff that sold me my battery for my 93' GMC truck & installed it. You are AWESOME! Great staff as well! @lasvegas_places @klout
A-OK.  \n\nPacked with button-down, big-watch guys and cougars.  Felt like I was on the set of Reallife Housewives of the OC.\n\nFood was well-priced and good, not great, some bad, some good.
Awesome taxi!
Very good place food was cooked great staff was friendly I would love to go back and try more things
Food was horrible. Only thing good was raspberry martinis. Went here for my birthday thinking it would be like the one in LA...boy was I wrong. Horrible service and food was terrible. Nothing like the one in LA...that one is great.
Pizza was very bad like cardboard and was very expensive
I've never seen anything more ghetto in my life. Walmart is already disgusting, well times that by 3.6 million and you have the Nellis location. iky
It's a fast food joint, that being said everything here went off without a hitch. They even brought our order to us at the table.  That's something I've never seen done by this chain.  I hope they keep up the good work.
The quality of food was as advertised.  I was extremely impressed with the alcoholic drinks.   They were surprising good. I will return again when I'm in Charlotte.
Pizza is ok, nothing expectacular, exactly what you would expect from a large chain. But, what downgrades pizza Hut is the HIGH prices. And to add insult to injury, they charge for sauces, even when you buy wings!!! I will never eat at any Pizza Hut again.
The food is dry. The prices are high. Your order is never right. I've gone here twice. I thought the first time could of been a fluke. Take your business just around the corner to bobo's for great food!
Fantastic experience while stopping over in the Phoenix airport.  Husband had the burrito with rice and beans... Very filling and delicious. I had the carne asada tacos with born tortilla shells. Absolutely delicious!  Clean restaurant, prompt and courteous service, and excellent food. We'll certainly return!
This place is awesome!  From the food to the service to the music to the overall ambiance, it is amazing!  \n\nMake sure to try the street corn!
The pizza is worth the price but not the wait
Predicting this place won't be around long. Boring as hell. No music. Waiters don't talk. They have no emotion nor personality. Very poor quality and small portion for the price. Rip off. Don't eat here. Not worth trying even with a coupon.
Decent food. The servers are friendly. Only negatives-took a long time to get our food and they didn't seem busy. The coffee was too bad to drink.
not very knowledgeable. . . came in for an inline 15 amp fuse and holder . . . The dude couldn't find a 15 but suggested his 30 would be fine!! Might as well have connected the wires and waited for something to melt ;-)
This is one of the best Asian buffets in the valley. They have about the best selection of sushi of the buffets i have tried in the valley. Everything was good and I always eat too much when I come here. Service is always very good also.
This is the best place in the east valley to find vintage and antique items. With over 140 occupied booths, you'll find nice variety here. There are \"man\" themed booths, Victorian frills and lace, western flavored booths and lots of cool vintage kitchen ware. All kinds of win here!
I've been to dozens of Chipotles around Phoenix (and the country) - this is my favorite!! I don't know what they do - must be crack in the rice - but it is so good! Touch\u00e9, Chipotle, touch\u00e9.
This place has a nice fancy french name. It had a lot of different Chinese pastries and buns. We bought a lot of different things to have and try and to have as a snack and breakfast. It was good and decent. You can compare it to like Fay Da in NYC.
My wife and I got a couples message here for our anniversary.  The atmosphere was calm and peaceful.  The staff was very friendly and very professional.  The couples room was private and spacious.  The message was amazing.  Very professional and very thorough.  Highly recommend for couples and very reasonable priced.  $118 for both of us.
Here's an update! I just completed my second fitness challenge and won! Now down 110 pounds since January. Still loving the people and the place. Keep up the great work!
This is by far the worst customer service place in the country. Good selection but sometimes I'll rather pay more elsewhere to avoid the employees there
Pros: Clean, Friendly Staff\nCons: Where's the holiday dog clothes?!?!?
I had my wedding reception here and it turned out amazing! Lalana was great with every aspect of planning my wedding. The food was amazing, the service everything! I was so happy I chose to have my reception here, it made our day even more unforgettable!
This is my favorite place to enjoy tea and catch up on life with friends.\n\nThis place is super busy but so worth it! Parking is literally a nightmare but with a little luck, you just might find a good spot! ;)
The food is good, but not great.  The view of the city is amazing.  You are definitely paying for the view.  The lounge is ok.  Once again it is all about the views and little else.  It is worth a try at least once.
The chocolate there is high chocolatier art. Beautiful and tasty. Stop and in treat yourself to a truffle or two! \nIt would be a sexy place to take a girl on a date after dinner. Feed each other a truffle:)
Service was slow.  I ordered my dinner without beans.  Came with beans.  Asked for a new plate sans beans. They brought my plate and I started eating and found beans under everything.  Mentioned it at check out and she just apologized and did nothing to make it right.  First and last time I'll eat there. .
The room was clean, but after this trip we won't go back! There is a nice little hidden resort fee of $16 per day. It includes pool access and 1/2 were closed. Internet which is only Ethernet and paper that wasn't delivered. For same price I will go back to the NY/NY or MGM.
Quiet, good friendly service, huge food portions. 2 people can share 1 meal.
I have since gone back with a crowd of friends for dim sum. It was very tasty and they weren't bothered in the least that all through out our meal we kept having more people show up.We started with one table and by the end, we were squeezed into three. The service was much better and friendlier this time around.
First time here. I had read reviews on yelp, so figured i would give this place a try. Got a chocolate macaroon and it was Almost as hard as a rock. Needless to say i won't be back.
First trip here tried mix grill and beef swarma.
I usually find better deals here than anywhere else and always what I need. I went looking for red bell peppers but the 1st store didn't have one and the 2nd one the peppers were rotted. Will try again since they have better stock than others.
This is the worst location in Vegas. They always screw up my order, the staff is rude, and the owner actually TRIES to get in arguments with you about his Multi-level marketing business. The owner is a douche and his staff is just as bad.
Bad service. I ordered orange chicken n it looked as if i ordered white rice as the main entree. Totally skimped me on my meal. Not worth the price.
I met with Jake to discuss my plans for a tattoo. He was rude and acted like I was inconveniencing him just being there. I've heard the quality of work here is good but I can't get past the poor customer service so I won't be coming back.
Maybe I\"ve been spoiled by the customer service at other Sephora stores but this has to be the first time I've walked into a Sephora without getting a Hello or Do you need any help. If anything I felt ignored by the sale associates that were just wandering around the store, talking with each other.
worst experience ever!!!! salsa was spoiled and my chicken taco was discusting... even the little i did eat i got food poisoning... will never return to this restaurant.
Great place for snacks. Pizza, pretzels and good or fashion icee not to mention the only game in town for car tires and batteries
The best nail art ever. They do such a good job with nail art.
Good service.
1 star for $5 bloody marys and mimosas alll day\n\n1 star for a perfect eggs benedict\n\n1 star for the manager showing the SDSU basketball game while we ate breakfast\n\nother then that..a pretty average, convenient cafe in the middle of Mandalay Bay
Was dead bored and fell asleep.  zzzzzzzzzzzzzz.
To be simple it's a fast version of PF Chengs taste great cost about the same as panda express and everything is made to order fresh definitely worth trying.
Very helpful staff. The products are fabulous and worth the money. They've worked amazingly well in particular on scorpions and roaches outside. I haven't seen any critters inside at all since using their products. I HIGHLY recommend this store.
always looking forward to a relaxing time here sitting outside however even at 1:00pm 55 degrees freezing outside sitting under heaters that guess what \"are on timers!!\"  way to go wynn!! spoiled the entire experience with everyone out here\ngreat server i must say listening to everyone freezing to death
I had an old pea coat that I needed to be taken in to fit me better.  The coat came back looking much more svelte on me (I got compliments) and the lining looked good.  The proprietor can be a bit brusque, but not rude.  The alterations took about a week.
If you do nothing else, you must enter RH and get swept away in bliss and beauty.
We live close by and like to come for occasional breakfast.  Breakfast is not a difficult meal to do.  I like the remodeling, food is ok.  Last time I went the ketchup in the squirt bottles was fermented.  Please clean those nasty bottles and refill with fresh ketchup.
This is my first 5 star review on yelp, enough said....
Excellent food.  Excellent service.  Excellent wine list.  Went with another couple, and we all shared each other's dishes.  The veal was done to perfection, as was the shrimp and chicken dishes.  The atmosphere is not elegant, nor is its location in a strip mall, but the food more than makes up for it.
Big, fast-paced, and overpriced. Yay, Vegas! Things went pretty smoothly for me overall. My only suggestion would be to travel late at night to avoid insane lines.
The food was good, service was extremely slow.  We were there on a busy Saturday night so that may be to blame.
Blech.  Yogurt was runny and yet crystallized at the same time -- absolutely not the creamy fro yo that I love.  Store was dirty, lots of spillage.  I wouldn't suggest it unless you are desperate for a fro yo fix.
I've only eaten here once but i had a great experience. The sushi chef was friendly, knowledgable, and quick on making my orders. The fish was very fresh and delicious.
Went here for dinner last weekend Saturday. The food was great the service was great. Would love to go there Again and try everything on the menu.
It's ok for what it is. The quality of food is good but the flavors don't really do it for me.  I think they put cinnamon or something in the fried rice. I've tried maybe 6 dishes and haven't found anything I loved or would order again. :(
Go at happy hour after 10 PM and the prices are awesome with a good selection of wine and Italian food.  Service is great for a late night place!  Nice atmosphere and bar!\nWayne Gorsek
Not at all happy!
Mary T.  and Jenna B. said it best.  \n\nMy friend, a first timer, enjoyed herself but I may have been more impressed if I've never seen another show before.  It was just weak and the jokes fell short (were lame) of what I expected from Cirque.
I was sadly disappointed, after reading all the excellent I thought it was shoe in. not so much. Long wait for food then it was just ok. Id rather pay more for food that tastes amazing and doesn't take forever to get.
Amazing food and reasonably priced for Vegas!  You can't get better than that...  Had the linguini carbonara and it was truly the best i've ever had.  The pasta was perfectly cooked al dente.  This place is a hidden gem!
Very average food. Pretty poor customer service. After seating ourselves in the bar area, it took about 7-8 minutes for anyone to come give us a menu and drinks. Then it took about 15 minutes for our food to come. Very slow customer service and just average food. Probably wouldn't go back.
We went for Friday lunch.\nThe food was of mixed quality. Agreed it;s a different cuisine but not worth the two hours( yes you read that right )  wait we had to do.
Love the new location! I love the girls that work there...they are all so nice and helpful. Love the product they sell there, as well as their monthly deals and/or incentives
Bathroom was clean but the gas price I feel like is a lie!!!!!
Excellent food and above and beyond service. Lauren our waitress was VERY accommodating and made our visit extremely pleasant. Would definitely return.
I recommend buying seafood here. Best tuna I've seen in a while.
So many flavors and the portions are very generous! I get the smallest size as an adult and could never finish. They even let you add ice cream to the middle! Very delicious and fun to try new flavors. I like the tigers blood and blue raspberry! They also have groupons
A review for the takeaway counter:\n\nSub-par Subway quality at Morton's prices.
groupon had a great deal for 22bucks. Great show. Backup dancers were great and entertaning. Trick by Jan Rouven were outstanding. Worth the watch. Its at Riviera so old casino at the end of the strip and seats were are little outdated. But still a great show
Great room, small casino area, no free wifi, all around ok
Nice place but VERY slow service, no one checks back on you.   Food was cold and wrong.  Owners were sitting chatting with friends.  They have to step it up big time or will go out of business.
Waited half an hour for a very simple order to take out and watched several other customers come in after me and leave with their food before me. Food was cold when I received it. Overall disappointed.
Quick to-go service. I ordered a vermicelli with beef and eggrolls. If I'm craving Vietnamese, I'll come here. But it's nothing compared to good Vietnamese food in southern California.
Great food and service. A wee bit expensive. I had spinach and artichoke dip and lobster roll and it was great!
All I can say is WOW!.  I lived in Okinawa for seven years and this is as good or better than anything I had in Japan.  The menu is very thorough, the prices are reasonable, and the fact it's less than $30.00 AYCE made while you wait and always fresh makes this the best place in town.
If I could I wouldn't given them any stars.I will NEVER stay at the Quad ever again. The rooms are disgusting the  service desk rude. I was over charged and told to basically stick it. This is by far the worst hotel experience ever.
Their number one with BBQ pork spare ribs is by far their best entree and one of my favorite meals! Besides that everything else is good.
The prices were a bit to high for my budget and the cafe was a bit to dirty for me. The food and drinks were... okay at the least. I probably would have more than three stars for this cafe/ diner if there hadn't been nats and flys flying around me and my food inside the cafe.
The rooms are huge...only suites.  The beds are comfy with nice bedding.  The casino itself is pretty, with excellent service.  The museum in the casino, is ok.  I wouldn't pay to go in the museum again, but I would definitely stay here again.
Great experience! I walked right in with no appointment (big plus). I did the hot stone massage for 1 hour for $35. It was incredible. I will definitely do this at least once a month. The price is great and the massage was incredible. I highly recommend it!!!
It just opened, its a chain owned by Ross.  Its just like Ross on the inside but brighter.  I think its unnecessary as it seems exactly like Ross.  They have another location at H and Owens.
Park is a 5, bathroom sanitation  is -2.  Feces on floor, toilet paper strewn everywhere.
Good food steak was a little dry but everything else was great
The service was great. The staff was friendly. The food wasn't. Bad but it wasn't good. Didn't have much flavor. I wouldn't recommend this place as the food really isn't all that great.
I ordered off the menu. My mistke. the tofu bowl was very flavorless. I will not be ordering of the menu anymore. I will build my own bowl from now on. The lunch prices are a little up there at $9 for a bowl, but you will not leave hungry as the portions are hearty.
Short, but fun course... worth the green fee! Friendly staff. No driving range.
Love it! Unbelievably good pork loin. The coffee rubbed filet is amazing too!
I love this place!!!! I got out of m routine of stopping by but will be making it a priority to get healthy in 2014.
This is a great Boots for the basics, with super friendly and helpful staff, especially at the pharmacy. Its convenient location and friendly staff outweigh its somewhat small size and corresponding selection.
Good food but my chicken and gnochi soup literally had ONE gnochi in it! And the tiramisu has dry ladyfingers in it. However, the service was great.
The best place we ate at all WEEKEND!\n\nyummy food, a ton of Gluten Free options, knowledgeable staff.\n\nYou must eat here if in Vegas \n\nBy the way, tank tops are not allowed here
Nice quality Wholefoods here, pleasant and helpful staff , one of the bigger stores I  have used, certainly a lot more elbow room than the one I use in NYC.
used to be a decent place to go play pool, watch the big game and enjoy a few beverages... has fallen hard recently- food is bad, service is worse. no thanks
What  was I thinking when I ordered Pho at this place? sucked sooooo bad!!!! I was totally craving a rich broth and noodles on a cold day and out came this flavorless bowl of soup and noodles. Since I had two not so good experiences with this place I won't return.
I know this is supposed to be the best pizza ever but I just don't feel the same.  The crust is amazing but their topping selection is not.  They have strange pairings and I am a pepperoni type of guy.
I was able to call these guys just after 7 on a Saturday and drop it off at 8 and pick up by 10 for a wedding.  Pretty happy so far although I haven't gone to the wedding yet..
Sister Sister  does amazing work.  And they are super fast at what they do.\nI recommend this place for braiding and weaves.
Food remains tasty, service was far from satisfactory. Then we had to argue that the most expensive third of my husband's order never showed up. I was done with my meal before he received his first plate. \n\nMay come again, but forget weekends.
We tried this place based on yelp reviews.  We were early diners arriving around 5:30 as we were headed to an event at the Pavillion.  At this early hour they were already out of their signature potato dish and one other robato item that Don ordered.\n\nMy sushi was very average.
The staff was very friendly. The appetizers came out frozen in the middle, lukewarm on the outside. Food was nothing more than generic bar food. The staff took our food to package it up and began throwing used napkins and random table garbage on top. Overall nothing special.
Such a different experience from all the buffets in town.  Ate here with a couple of girlfriends for a bachelorette party.  The food was fantastic and so was the service.  We sat at the bar and asked the chef to surprise us - he did not disappoint.
Very disappointed in this place.  Was told they had very good mexican food.  We ate here last week and have to say that we didnt like it at all.  The messed up the order a few times and then the food was not much better than taco bell.  Definitely not authentic food.  We will not be going back
Fantastic seating, not a bad seat in the house.  Plus there's fantastic eats!
Amazing burgers, perhaps the best I've ever had!  Killer desserts, and a happy hour that can't be beat!\n\nJoe, our server, was stellar!  This place is worth a cross-town drive!
I'm from Philly and this place is legit!! Whenever we are in Tempe, we always try to grab a real Philly steak! They have Amoroso rolls shipped in, you can't beat this place!
This restaurant is excellent. It isn't far from home. It has the New York style and it is mine and my hubby's favorite spot. The food is great and the staff superb!
Love the Rush Tower.  Great looking room and a great price.  Comfy bed and chaise/sofa.  Bathroom, just beautiful.  Check out my pics.  Only thing missing is a mini fridge and free wifi.  That would've made it five stars.  But still a beautiful room, good bang for the buck.
I usually love Teavana but I just realized my card was charged twice and now I can't get ahold of anyone to get this charge off my card. Really inconveniencing when you can't get someone to answer the damn phone!
Beautiful scenery and course. Short and fun to play. We stayed at the Golden Nugget and took a car service up. Had trouble getting the service company to come back and get us! One of the locals in the gated community brought us back. The locals and staff were a treat, even if you shanked one into their yard.
Thought I would give this thrift store another chance.  The first time around, I thought it was a mess due to their grand opening.  Well, the place is still a mess.  Great thrift store prices but  it takes some time to find anything of worth amid all that chaos.  Racks are cramped and items all over the floor.   Goodwill Hunting!
HEY YALL...I Love Love Love this place....you gotta get the Pork Carnitas....absolutely pathetically deviously delicious.
I feel like a little bitch today, but please put down your drink so you can serve mine, especially after you are out of what you told me to order. Usually good beans, but shoddy service today...everywhere. Thanks millenials!
Just like earlier reviews , I received an attitude and bad service. Don't want to honor my card and after I downloaded my apps, don't want to do it.  If there is a lower star than 1, I'd happily give it to them
First time I tried this place I was stunned on how you can choose what flavor crust you want for your pizza. I always get Cajun bread,really gives a kick when you bite into your slice of pizza.
I found this place by accident after being fed up with all the other nail places around. All I have to say is what a pleasant surprise!   The service is excellent. The prices are comparable to others, but it is the staff that makes it great!   I have told many others about Envy Nails and they all love it too!
Awesome service, great prices, tons of fun covers and other phone accessories!! these guy's!!!
Tandoori chicken was way too dry, definitely not cooked the same day. The easiest curry CTM was very disappointing. I am not coming again.
Went there twice, first it was late night friday and they served me quick and refilled my oj and sunday morning they were rushed but treated me with great service. I'd eat there again
Great neighborhood hideaway.  Ample portions.  Soups are always good.  Great comfort food. Service is fast and friendly.  The pot pie is so rich and creamy.  Specials every night, most under $10.  Meatloaf, chicken, or turkey and stuffing are tasty!
Love this place. Friendly service and finally a place in LV that knows how to make a great burger and a great pastrami sandwich. Love the krinkle fries.
I'll be back for the view and a drink. Unfortunately, the entrees were average and the service was awful! A good place to go when you are looking for a fun time! But, definitely don't attend when you want to impress with good food and drinks, choose else where!
Bought two $16 slushie drinks, no alcohol in them\nGo to Fat Tuesday's instead
Met some friends here and shared a few dishes. The pimento cheese flatbread is amazing. My husband and I can't wait to go back and work our way through the menu.
ribeye steak = epic fail\n\nI felt like I was chewing on rubber.  Possibly the worst steak I've ever tasted in my entire life.
Big area, okay music, crowd was okay.. bouncers were blah! you got to show girls love, if you want your business to run smoothly.
I see all the negative press and don't get.  I had the eggs benedictine and it was out of this world.  Our server was phenomenal and very helpful.  Totally steered us in the right direction for our plans afterward and even helped us save some money.  I'd definitely go back.
I'd go back.  Went with a big group.  Service was good, surprisingly.  The comedians were all getting laughs; however, there was one young Hispanic newbie comedian that was really funnier to me than the old time comedians.  Hope he keeps it up!  This is a good, cheap venue for  having fun, folks.
Sub par service and received cold food. Forty five minutes for a cold burger and fries is pretty ridiculous would recommend 0/10. Would recommend the free beer though just eat before you come to drink.
Please don't be an idiot. Of course Margaritaville is hella casual- don't compare it to the higher end casinos because that's obviously not what they are going for as a concept! Craps is a good time at Margaritaville- $5 minimum during the day and the dealers are all chill.
I have been here 3 times - each and every time I enjoy the food but the atmosphere is soooooo loud I have to yell for people at my table to hear me.  I haven't been back because of this.....if the sound can be controlled I will be back!
Small. Bouncer at bathroom was rude. Tiny dancing area. Won't be coming back to this one.
I think this place is closed.  I had a monthly order set for my grandmother, who turned 100 this year, to get flowers.   They closed down and stopped sending her flowers without ever telling me.  These people, whoever they are, wherever they may be, are complete jerks.
Cookies are great. They always mess up our order. Too expensive.
I must have caught them on a baaaddd day because all I have to say is \"YUCK\" and waste of money with their chewy food. Felt like I walked in to a gas station and ordered chewing gum.  Overpriced for the quality of food.  Threw 90% of it away.
Walked in today, they were open but there was literally nothing in there refrigerator displays. They were putting all items into boxes and the lady there said they were going to close for the week. Nothing on their window, their door, or online to indicate this. I wasted a trip.
Probably the best candy store in Las Vegas, though I'm no candy store expert.  I do like to support the indies, and this ain't your mall candy shop.  Per piece candy as well as packages, but it looks like their big draw is their selection of indie sodas.  Will definitely be back!
Very small with a less than average selections of products. It's worth the extra drive to another location in Kitchener to get what you want.
Horrible customer service. Pay the extra $10 and go somewhere they are nice.
This is my go to breakfast place. I love that their food is not the normal stuff and that they serve HUGE portions. The laid back feel of the place is good too!
The self serve salsa had a great variety and was a lot of fun. The margaritas weren't amazing, but the food certainly was. I enjoyed a few street tacos, but particularly enjoyed the refried beans. I was visiting Phoenix, but it is definitely the best Mexican food I've had in a long time.
Not very good. My spring roll was bland and the peanut sauce was yucky. Vermicelli bowl was full of bean sprouts not noodles.
Overpriced and miniocre. I don't think I'll come back again.  There's just way more dim sum restaurants id pick over this one.
Went a week ago for a hot stone massage pedicure. The paint and design still looks great, despite a week in flip-flops! The staff was friendly and professional, I'll definitely come back during future trips to Vegas, even if it is a little pricey.
Yawn.  Enough said.
Great frickin' pizza.
Good cold beer. Good chips & salsa. The steak pyramid was excellent! Our waiter was a bit on the slow side but we did have a large table seated so he gets a bit of a slide. Definitely recommended!
Ok, but pretty skimpy sandwich for the price.
Great food, very enjoyable space.  I ordered bananas foster waffles. The flavors were amazing. The orange zest on top of the whipped cream really made the dish pop. My wife had Serrano ham, very good also.  A bit pricey but the experience is really about the flavors.
Loved the warm garlic bread with Gorgonzola fondue, yummy! \nTheir porterhouse with baked/mashed potatoes was the bomb!\n\nAlthough it is pricey the food is excellent.
Had lunch here. Ate the shrimp ceviche tacos and they were delicious. My husband had the shrimp po boys and shrimps were cooked perfectly. Not greasy. Service was good. Highly recommend.
Old hotel, not a real fan of it.  But, they do have Wolfgang Puck Grill & Bar inside, which has rather reasonable pricing!
I have enjoyed every pastry I have tasted. Great atmosphere.
small and noisy
This place used to be better but unfortunately- it's going down hill. The food is bland. The chicken in their salads especially. I used to like it, but now I have no reason to go back.
Worst food I've had this year! Even for a bar / restaurant I would expect more. Greasy tasteless stale food.
The name of the restaurant lure me in. It's not you're traditional Pho house. Growing up in Los Angeles. I Had much much better.
They always close down the meat counter & salad bar way before they need to. And the \"fresh\" fish is bs. I don't understand why anyone would put rotting fish in the case.
I wish I lived a little closer to Skeptical Chemist.  I would eat here more often.  The food is good, the staff are friendly, the ambience is one of a fine irish pub.   All the food I have had has been very good.
Good vibe on the patio. Great service and the beer selection is huge. The wine selection is better than expected and priced well. 5 reds and whites. Missing a zinfandel on the red but they do have a malbec. No happy hour that we can find but it is opening day.
Okay, but there are better seafood joints in town. Would not go out of my way for it!
Yike! Disgusting food! Never again!
Remember, this location is for tourists only. Expect to wait at least 30 mins. Cuz every person from the Midwest to the Eastern seaboard is here for their once in a lifetime In N Out Burger experience.
I called today to schedule repair for my grill.  He was honest enough to talk me out of repairing the old grill.
They are very professional.  It was fare price, we got free cell phone case checked in at yelp.  You can choose discount or other deals, my daughter was very happy.
the all you can eat korean bbq is pretty damn good, just don't get the soup, it's extremely salty.  the egg, however, is awesome!\n\ndidn't order the stuff from the menu, will try next time.
Fabulous experience. Food was very imaginative. Service was very attentive. Wine list very strong. A true event. Give yourself 3h to be safe. Don't read about the dishes here. Most fun if you are surprised.
Great pedicure joint. Friendly staff will keep me coming back.
Takes them a effin hour after closing to transfer data like its god damn rocket science. Bunch of retards!
This place is incredibly beautiful and although outside of the fountains there is nothing really unusual or special as is the norm on the strip, you can't help but feel that this is THE hotel to be at in the city.  We stayed for five days and every staff member was super friendly.  Recommend highly!
I come here all the time. And i highly recommend this place if you want to have a light, healthy lunch and catch up with friends on things. The soups are always good here!
I'll be back!  It smells like old vegas and I love it.  Friendly dealers, plenty of old slots; I hate the new ones; and my friend got regular cocktail service, even at a 15 cent slot machine!  I think the only thing that slowed him was his liver recouperating from the previous casino
Awesome custard and burgers.  Nothing says greasy happiness like cheese curds.  They do it right considering they are a big chain..
Terrible, terrible, terrible. Baaaaad service, bad food and kind of a gross atmosphere. There is not one positive thing I can say about this place. Literally.
I was very impressed. The outside didn't suggested very much but the service and food was very good. My whole family enjoyed it. I will definitely be going back and telling my friends about it. The price was very reasonable, and the food sizes were decent.
Fantastic food. The Sharma wrap was amazing.  The staff was friendly and the restaurant was clean.
Good people who appear to love what they do. They greet you at the door and take you right to whatever you need. They have gone above and beyond anytime I've needed something beyond the ordinary. Highly recommended!!!
My spouse and I have been to Bicycle Ranch 3 times now. Everyone is always helpful and friendly, including the bike mechanic. I have nothing but positive things to say about BRRS. These guys love bking. I like to ride, but they live to ride. And there ain't nothing wrong with that.
I needed to buy some water for my 4 night stay on the strip. Scary is what it is.  I guess and OC girl like me who doesn't get of much just not use to this kinda environment.
There are a couple of choices on the menu that are good, primarily the soups.... Yet if you really love Thai food and happen to be in the neighborhood, you might just want to put that craving on hold and go to the Subway next door for a foot long steak and cheese.
Been back twice to see Viktoria.  All I have to say is, she is a god!!!  Any waxing needs you desire, see Viktoria.  She truly is amazing  :-)
Had to stop in for breakfast during our recent trip. As always the place was packed. They turn the tables fast so relax and wait. Also an extremely friendly staff especially with the crowd, they know how to hold it together!
Here for the ribbon cutting with the las Vegas metro chamber of commerce,  taking pics
Healthy affordable fresh sandwiches. I used to eat here on a regular basis. Monday thru Friday avoid noon long line
Bad service got my lunch for free soup was cold waited 20 mins for a turkey sandwhich.
I called ABC Locksmiths to change my locks cause I lost my keys. They were very prompt and professional. Great work Nick!!
I love Hubert but,  not impressed.  I wanted to love this burger, I wanted to crave this burger in between trips to Vegas. It was overpriced and underwhelming.  I'm sad
Food was great but kinda expensive.  Dining room looks dirty with a lot of dirty tables.  Service was a little slow but she was very informative about the menu
Very typical wishy washy Chinese American food a la panda express. \n\nThe big problem is actually eating there. The place looks like its abandoned. Really dim lights. No music. No sound. Its creepy. I can eat in  silence but the combination of the poor lighting is straight up awkward.
Our server Brady was super nice and attentive. He made breakfast fun! \nThe banana nut muffin was delicious.
I love Eat. Been there 3 times and it never disappoints. I'm a big fan of breakfast and am very picky about where I go. Eat is at the top of my list (along with Bagel Cafe) in Vegas. Chef Nat is terrific: welcoming and hands on when she needs to be.
I was not happy with the service department.  Service writer had a poor attitude towards helping me.  Repair work was done well and on budget but it is sad how a greeter can sour you on the whole place.
This business is now in the process of going out of business.  This is what happens to businesses in this city who voice objections to their customers who are LGBT or polyamorous.  Bigotry is not welcome in Madison.
Security was much improved, though I'm sure that was partly due to the Sunday morning departure.  I'll take it though.
We have been at USA Youth Fitness for a couple years.  We LOVE the gym in Gilbert, but transferred to Queen Creek Location for convenience.  Very happy with our experience. Great programs in addition to gymnastics for kiddos.
Served me an extremely undercooked steak.  You can even see the fat is still completely raw. Very disappointing.
One word, AMAZING!! Who would've thought vegan donuts would be good..., I mean GREAT!!!
very good price knowing that you also get free breakfast! Not too far from the strip. Great customer services! Clean Rooms! I stayed with three dogs that also were able to play on the grass in the hotel yard!
Our neighborhood coffee house....  Perfect with the drive thru window too!  Nice staff and always clean. My only concern is they are so popular, they tend to run out of items!!!!  Stock up, specially during the holidays
One of the only downfalls was the music being too loud.
You're right...small town, homey feeling...nice waitresses from the high school...poor food!  What else is there?
Lunch buffet was not good at all. On the plus side, it's actually not the worst Indian food I've had in this area (that award goes to Jaipur), and the service was nice and friendly. But the food was not good.
Prompt service with empty theaters, what more could you want?!
All I have to say is..\nExpensive & not that great..\n\nMuch better places to spend your money on in Vegas..
I tried the The New York hotdog and The Fire dog, both were very good...friendly service! I will definitley come here when I crave a hot dog!
Good food, a variety of dishes to choose from and large portion! We come here every time we stayed at Palazzo.
Staff was great, food was great, fantastic experience.  Luke was our waiter and he exceeded our highest expectations. Highly recommend this location.
Try the pretzel dogs. They are good.
Located inside Hard Rock Hotel, food was ok, service was pretty good. Large portions.
Not too bad, but can better. The rate they give on line are doubled once you go to pick up your car.  All the cars was dirty, smelly & had dents.  They have nice cars to choose from.  Their shuttle ppl where very nice
Not the best steak house from what I have seen, even between Capital Grills. The one in DC has better steaks.
This could be a very bad start. 6 customers, 6 employees and 60 minutes to get your food. Good news is that we were eating AFTER arrival, if not...time to re-book that flight. SUPER SLOW!
Called the same morning to get an Inspection II done on my BMW 740. Did the job overday within the timeframe promised. No complaints at all.
Really interesting place. Bread is really good and fresh. Very simple sandwiches.
The prices for this cafe were appropriate, and the food had good portions! I am pleased to say that I am excited to come back...although I think they're remodeling currently. Still, my friends and I are looking forward to it.
The best Asian fusian food I've ever had. Our group had the coconut shrimp, orange chicken, pad Thai, sushi, chicken ... It was all fantastic! The service was even better. I will gladly return!
Love this place. Food is very delicious and the staff some of the most friendly and personal that I've ever met
Great place to store my stuff I truly recommend this location friendly service too. Will tell all my family and friends about coming here if they need storage. Thanks Public Storage!
Ambiance is appealing, service was attentive. Food was deliciously over priced. YIKES! Thank goodness for Groupon's or I'd never even try this place.
This place is fantastic! The food is a-mazing and service has never let me down! I've been frequenting this spot for more than 10 years and could never say anything bad. We come for special occasions, when family flys in or just a Friday night!
This hotel SUCKS! Its dirty, and smelly the moment you walk in. Avoid this one bitch,   Alisha at the blackjack tables! She's rude as hell.
uggh I loath Applebees! It's like the Wal-Mart of restaurants. So corporate, cheesy, and generic. And it's not even cheap!\nPeople: Don't go to places like this, local mom and pop resturants are soo much better
The pawn shop itself has a wide selection of jewelry, appliances, watches, etc. \nHowever the staff that I encountered both times I was there were very rude. They acted very pretentious and were not the best negotiators.
This place sells the best pretzels. I have gotten the salted pretzel and a cinnamon pretzel and I have loved both. I love stopping here for a snack before I head out for the day or before I go back to the hotel. There is usually a line but it is well worth the short wait.
took some friends there straight from the airport cold beer great outside seating  great food and service
I was so excited to go to this place especially for their 40 cent wing night. What a let down!
Awesome place all around!
Worst sushi we've ever had. I'm not sure if we are extra picky coming from California but it just want good. The yellowtail tuna was tough like chicken and the salmon was dyed red. The only positive was the friendly staff. Sorry-Jayde Fuzion..you should do better.
Make sure to check your bank account after visiting monsterland. You may find an extra $51.54 charged to your account accompanying the run-around from the managers as to why and how to get your money back. Shady
Small little place on the border of Scottsdale and Tempe. I always order the Gyro and a Greek Salad, very good. The service is good and George always has good music playing.
Really fucked up service.  Rude and unhelpful!  NEVER COMING BACK!
From the music to the lighting to the food this place is amazing. Everytime I go there I am blown away. Shawn the bartender is amazing and his knowledge is impeccable.  Danny the front of the house manager is always around and making sure that everything is perfect. I live this place!
Did not meet expecations. Too pricey for the quality you get. Cocktails were watered down, sea bass was over-oiled. Pickles and mustard were the best thing there.
Very pleased with my shopping experience.  They have a beautiful facility, their store is neatly arranged and appealing, their shoe section has the cutest heels, and their handbag selection is phenomenal.
I'm the Duke
Good food. Excellent service. The Dirtwater Springs was very, very good. We went to celebrate our anniversary. The restaurant was perfect for the ocassion. Its very expensive. We recommend Dirtwater Springs.
Mac Shack is quick and delish - however, it is a little pricey for what you get. I recently had the farro with pesto and mozzarella, which was very satisfying. \n\nI would probably eat there more often if there were better deals or prices.
Went to Las Vegas this weekend and had a blast.  We had some good food, walked for miles looking at the flashing lights, casinos and weird architecture. The - one star is for the long line of people snapping cards in your ear..eech
We went to go and check it out at the MGM because we are CSI fans!  I would say it is more for kids rather than adults!
This venue is fantastic. We need a theater like this downtown. Their staff is super friendly and helpful, they escort your to your seats. \n\nOne of the better venues I've been to.
This is near my downtown condo, which is convenient since I can eat here multiple times a week without tiring of it.\n\nFree newspapers, great service and friendly staff who remembers their \"regular\" customers, breakfast all day and huge glasses of iced tea - adds up to a very enjoyable, affordable meal.
Worst bank ever !!! They screwed us out of a house !!!
Ok, food ok, service poor. This place is more for a beer than a meal.
I went here after watching James Hsu's video about the restaurant (thanks James). \n\nReally great! Definitely tasted fresh and like I was on the east coast. I'll be back.
Quality has really gone down. You won't get what you pay for. Save your money, do it yourself! Left my emergency break up did not bother to put it down.
For the price, had a groupon, it was worth it.   The comedians were great and a fun place to go for a good laugh.   I would recommend it.
I eat out a lot and mite be one of the worse Hawaii style place I ever went to in Vegas. Service slow, you don't get a lot for what you pay for, food taste ok. Really disappointed. Actually first Hawaiian place That disappointed me. Doesn't take much to make this local boy happy. =(
Amazing breakfast. Have come here on several occasions and am never disappointed with what I get. Stop by and check it out.
I don't know what the other reviewers were thinking - we heard about Iceberg from some friends and decided to try it because it was a family-owned small business.  Everything was delicious, it was a great value (we were so full!) and the ice cream was better than other similar places around.  Highly recommended and we will be back.
Seriously excellent authentic Mexican food! I had their original Torta and it was delicious. The Horchata was top notch and I got a huge scoop of  Pecan Ice Cream for dessert which was DELICIOUS.\n\nI highly recommend this place for it's excellent staff, great prices and outstanding food!
Greasy and overpriced.
I enjoyed the chorizo and egg in a hash brown bowl.  It was delicious, very filling and awesome presentation!  If you are a Minnesota Vikings fan this is the place for you:)   There are tons of flat screens to watch games and horse betting is available.
Delicious, healthy food served quickly. Greek, Lebanese, and Persian classics. Fresh, nutritious, and very reasonably priced.
This is the worst Outback I've ever been to. I was seated and no one even acknowledged me. I waited ten minutes. No drink order, no food order, no nothing. I got up and left. This is the second time this has happened to me at this location. I'll never go back.
A creepy paper that lacks integrity. Good source for the nightlife though.
worst place to rent a car. quite the unpleasant experience. the lines are a hour long and out the door.
I just ordered lemonade and it cost me $5.50! Are u fucking serious! \n\nNever coming back here again\nLike seriously... Disappointed
Excellent sandwiches. The place is always busy and it makes sense why. I always eat here when in Vegas.
As far as the food goes, it is pretty standard buffet stuff.  But, if we're looking at what you're getting for the price, its not too bad.  If you're a Station member then the breakfast is only around $5, so that's usually what I go for
I came in with the intentions to get a pedicure the staff was very rude, and they charge $25 just for a pedicure. Then procedded to talk badly about us and give dirty looks. So overpriced don't go here
Not only is this one of the cutest shops ever, but they make the best desserts ever at a very reasonable price. It was packed when I was there, but the line went really quick even though everyone was really confused where the line was. I will defiantly be visiting here again!
Great company to work with. Very professional and knowing the right technique about local search marketing and search engine optimization. \n\nThey really knows how to engage with audience and bring connection between customers and business. Highly recommend!
I have to agree with Herbie H. Review. I love the Aria but they have to take their buffet up another notch. The selection was so so and the taste was lacking. It also gave me a school cafeteria feel that I hated so much back  in highschool. So that's why I give this place a sorry 2 star.
Sadly, Mijana has discontinued the weekday Lunch Buffet, so I won't be returning.     :-(
We went there with our friends from Germany to watch the amazing 7:1 soccer game. The food was great but our server LINDSEY was even greater! Super nice, patient, always a smile on her face and a great server! She made a good experience a great one. THANKS LINDSEY!!!!
Hours of operation for Sunday are posted as 10-2 . Went by at eleven and they were closed. If you're scheduled to be opened, please be open.
We love the Little Gym.  Our little gymsters can crawl around and play on mats and beams.  The laugh, they smile, oh and they shed a tear here and there.  Balls, sticks, bubbles, songs -- lots of activities to entertain infants!
We waited 30 minutes for our food (in the drive through)... Then had to come back for silverware... Food is average but EXPENSIVE!   Not coming back!
Gorgeous face painting designs, always a line of happy kids! She does amazing work!
Place to be in Las Vegas. Don't miss on the rides here, if you love thrill.. Hotel room was Ok for night stay but did not had a refrigarator...
Big, clean store, but nothing in it!  Where's all the merchandise and how does this place stay open with seemingly nothing to sell?  I prefer Marshalls.
this is a grassmarket pub, which means it's absolutely balls-to-the-wall heaving on weekends but otherwise a rather nice spot to have a pint and watch the sports any other time. watched my first hurling match ever here, live via satellite from ireland.
This place has taken a turn for the worse. Tables falling apart, booths ripped up, paint peeling from the sides of tables, tape all over--wow. Food has gotten worse, too. Unfortunately, I can't recommend BVD anymore. Hope they can fix it.
Good food, great beer selection at good prices, nice TV set up, and all pro service from Melissa.  I came for the first three but I will be back because of the last one.
Love love this salon.. Juan did a wonderful amazing job with my cut... I will definite book another appt when I'm back in Vegas!  Highly recommend!  My sister had Erik and he did a wonderful job as well!  Two thumbs up!!
Music, dancing and girls were great. Last few old Vegas type shows that are not cheesy. Ticket prices are standard compared to other shows. With the Peep Show gone, this is the next best, larger scale, show in this style.
This place is great! I had a coupon from Half Off Depot and decided to try this place out after reading positive reviews. I was not disappointed. I had the salmon and my fiance had the boneless fried chicken. Both were yummy and came in generous portions. I would definitely go back and recommend this place to friends.
Marilyn was just terrific from start to finish! My son wanted to get his ears pierced and she was extremely helpful, knowledgeable and professional, but also had a great sense of humor. The entire process was easy and I knew my son was in excellent hands. So glad I found this gem of a place!
I really enjoy Mabel's On Main. The Happy Hour is fantastic because it goes until 9pm and the drinks are really good.  I give it 3 stars because the serves is slow and the waitresses are \"short\".  I was there Friday Night when a friend of mine asked for a menu and the waitress rolled her eyes.
The line for bakery is served very very very slowly.  Don't waste your time on mediocre service.  Ask yourself why they have a \"drinks only\" line.  It means they don't plan on fixing the slow service at the drinks and bakery line.
This place is classy, quick and reasonable. Great for lunch and groups! There's a parking lot across the street - pay lot. The food and service was perfect. I would recommend this to my family and friends.
Still growing out my hair. Mureeza Salon still sucks.
The restaurant is kind of dirty, the service is ridiculously slow, and the food is not good. You're better off going to McDonald's.
We were walking around and saw this place, the place is kind of a hole in the wall with reasonable prices. \nFood was excellent but service was atrocious that day, I'd go again though since food was so tasty :)
Good food and value.  We loved the sausage sandwich and fries.  The poutine with the pork was tasty, but probably would have been better separate  as the pork made the potatoes very soggy. I would go back if it was convenient.
Excellent service   Very attentive.   The variety of selections were very extensive.   The quality of the beef was as described    A must when in the area.   Great wine selection
First of all.. we go in and no one is at the register.  Then someone comes and does not even great us.  Once paid we look at the selection and where very disappointed.  The food was very bland to just awful.  I have been to other Hometown locations, this one was the worse.  Golden Corral is much better!
Its just pizza. Not bad. Taste good actually. However, downfall is price. Its not cheap!
Nice atmosphere, way strong drinks, interesting music selection. I had a great time at Le Mardi Gras, and I left drunk and happy.\n\nMerci Beaucoup, mes amies!
Terribly overpriced. A beer was around $16. The wings were soggy, and the meat sauce in the pasta was tasteless. Will not be returning...
Surprisingly good food for an airport eatery.  Sure did not experience the poor service that shows up u=in some of the reviews.
hands down the worst airline I have ever flown on. they have a sneaky fee policy for everything, and the customer service is horrendous. the customer is never right and if you argue too much they'll deny your boarding pass. I will never fly with them again!
this place have the best pizza and awesome service. the people that work there is very nice
stracciatella and ferrero rocher. happiness.
8 of us just finished eating here.  Service was very friendly, prices were definitely reasonable, and we all really enjoyed our meals. \n\nI would come back again for sure!\n\nUnfortunately I didn't snap any photos of our food, but here are a few of the place.
A Must Stop when is Sin City.  \n\nIberico pork, Kobe beef, pork cheeks, home made tofu and soy sauce!  arare covered asparagus.  \n\nJust and unbelievable meal.  Go here and find out yourself how good it can be.
Crappy food and even worse service. I'm getting tired of yelp foodies steering me wrong. HEED MY WARNING, I sacrificed my time and money so you do not have to!!
This hotel scares me for some reason.  Scary druggies and prostitutes seem to hang around this area.  I have traveled thru a couple times to only be glad I wasn't staying there.  Had the worst glass of wine ever in Sherwood Forest sports bar on casino floor.  Krispy Kreme upstairs makes it less painful.
Stan's has great prices OUTSIDE mostly because they things they have prepacked are spoiled and moldy or will be tomorrow.  Inside is just average quality, equally average priced produce.
Worst dinning experience ever, over an hour to be served, half the meal was never delivered, but we were charged for it. I will never go back!!!!!!!!!!! Wish I didn't have to give it a one star, should be a negative five stars.
I just finished eating here. Wish I had the last 2 hours of my life back. The food just wasn't good. Atmosphere was pretty good, but the food was not.
By far the best vegetable Pho I've ever had and I've tried most. Large portion of perfectly cooked vegetables.
All I had here and on order is there spicy teriyaki chicken with brown rice. Tastes good Everytime. What more can you ask for. \n\nAlso every once in a whole I order a rahmun soda.
I'm not a huge fan of hot dogs, but this place is pretty cool. The do have sausage and brats in addition to dogs and everything is deep fried. Definitely enjoyed my meal here and love the customer card that lets you buy 10 dogs get one free.
We've eaten here a few times. Interesting menu with apples on things you wouldn't expect, like burgers, but it works. Great desserts too. Service a little slow but worth the wait.
Was a big hit at our wedding in Warren, NJ. The woman was professional, on-time and extremely helpful throughout the night. I would highly recommend this company if you're in the market for a photo booth rental.
A bit pricy, but very very good.  If it were maybe $5 cheaper, I'd probably give it 5 stars.
Its amazing how much they are charging for their flavorless greasy food. I was so underwhelmed I felt obligated to write this here review, which is also appropriately underwhelming. The best thing about the meal was the iced tea. Oh, I guess the service was decent.
Love this place! My Family and I always come here after church on Sundays. The restaurant is clean, the servers are friendly, the manager ALWAYS makes sure your needs were satisfied. I always order the chicken nachos with horchata. Never had a problem with the food.
Mike and his associates at Wilhelm's Scottsdale shop have always provided reliable, fast, and, most importantly, honest service. As my auto approaches 100K miles, I know I can depend on them for dependable advice and repairs.
Over priced pasta dishes and horrible service. Happy hour is the only hour I'll return to this place and only because I'm out voted by friends.
I really liked this place, so many different things to do. And at night they have live music which is fun. \n\nThey have a couple different restaurants to try and a couple of bars to go to. They allow you to buy a drink and walk around the park which is nice.
First time seeing Afrojack live.  My friends and I came really late and so we got pre-paid tickets online.  No line at all.  Walked in and the place was packed.  I didn't think Afrojack would be great.  He actually was.  He paid hard music.  My kind of music...
Small place on campus but at least there's some seating. Had the beef and cheddar, GREAT!!  Hard to find good roast beef in town since there's no portillo's...this helps! My boss gives rave reviews of the cheese fries....
We love this place after enough times driving past finally stopped in and it was so good I'm a vegetarian and it's hard to find restaurants that accommodate drinks are good service has always been great and I often find myself craving the food.
Individual size pizza, they have a few house combos or you can pick your crust and ingredients. Dough is made on the premises. They also have salads. Great chocolate chip cookies. Very friendly staff, glad to help with your order. Fast service.
Service was ok. Had the delux bento. Not what I expected for the price. I could have gotten the same portion at another spot I go to for less and the food would have actually been warm. Parkings free staff was friendly. Might need a do over at least once more to see if my ratings will change for this place.
Best crab cakes  - lightly fried and tastefully seasoned! I also had  the sandabs as my entree - served with light butter sauce  and a variety of sides. Excellent service, friendly environment that I enjoyed.
We had Jon as a sales rep and he was incredible.  A vet of the car biz for 15 years, it definitely showed and we made the best decision possible.
The place itself is great!  \n\nThe people you get are hit and miss...granted, you always aren't going to like the same massage as the next guy; so I can't rip them too bad.\n\nStaff is welcoming and typically can get you in same day.
3 stars we ordered the spicy tuna roll and it was wayyyyy to spicy.  The ambiance of the restaurant is amazing and the drinks were great.
I recently visited Scottsdale, and enjoyed mass here. It is a very welcoming community. Check it out if you're in the area.
Love this place! The food is awesome! The service however, it depends on what crew is working. I have my favorites ;) I wish they were open later though!
Chicken piccata was tasty but veal parmigiana was tough. It's nice to have the option of crisp-tender veggies on the side instead of pasta. We like the garlic toasts.
Their strawberry shake is indescribably delicious,  earned it today....
Meh. It is just OK. Nothing to write home about and WAY overhyped. Don't really care how many celebrities have eaten there.
Good 50 ' s diner great food even late night. Fresh rolls on the Philly cheese steak.  Fries are nice golden brown.  That strawberry milk shake was not to sweet. It was just right.
I frequent here since I live in the area, they are always friendly and the wait is never long.
Airport is pretty big.  It's really spread out. I was surprised by the lack of food choices here. Seemed like it's kinda trashy as well but they could be remodeling. Really average airport.
We went to the ballet on Saturday to see Moulin Roge.  We have attended the ballet for years and this was one of the best performances we have ever seen.  The costumes were unique and the story had some humor.  The choreography and dancers were tremendous.\nIf you haven't yet experienced the Pittsburgh Ballet you are missing out!
The food was amazing. It was something new that I had never tried before. The taste was authentic and homemade. Other then the taste of the food the most compelling aspect was the friendly waiter. She was very kind and enlighten.
Great Nobu Experience. Good food but pricy. Service was good, but It wasn't excellent. I would definitely go back again for the right occasion. Not an everyday restaurant that you would go to. Need to win some $$$ first. Good Luck to everyone staying at Caesars!!!
Pretty good!\ni will definitely be back to try the other sandwiches. \ngood food, reasonable prices.
Love the food, but there is no consistency in the opening times. The place could use a makeover. The appearance is a deterrent to new customers.  \n\nWe miss Ali!
Sexy Cirque show. Check out peep holes in the hallway. We had champagne and chocolate covered strawberries.
EXPENSIVE BEYOND THE LIMIT OF EXPENSIVE, but when you're dying for some type of coffee drink....or breakfast or water or anything....this'll do.
Denny's is Denny's but sometimes the service ruins the experience. Shortage of help in this location makes the meal a bummer. Hard to get coffee refills and even had to work at getting a check to pay the bill. I will avoid this one in the future
Actually had our barbecue cleaned by Joe Filter!\nThe tech was friendly and our old barbecue looks like NEW!
Awesome appetizers and cocktails and great service. They even let us split our check nine ways.
Wait, are those martinis really $18 each? Sure, they're good but my bar bill was like a car payment.
If you want an awesome toasted sandwich this is the place!
Amazing fresh salmon...great cuts... I only wish we could've saved Harvey...Ama Ebi ...poor little guy was dying and no one gave him mouth to mouth...he died in my arms...no, mouth LOL tuna sashimi was amazingly fresh
Thought I would have got more food for my money...and it's cold! A 10minute drive home and my food is cold? And it's also under cooked I've never been here and so far I'm not satisfied....
On Mill ave, this place is my favorite. The staff is super nice and the drinks are really cheap. I like that they mix up the music with electro. Overall, this place is never as packed but that part f the reason why I enjoy the venue.
Highly recommend this place! delicious middle eastern food and fairly priced! we needed a place like this in the west valley, so people living in the west valley try them out, you wont be sorry!
Worst food ever eaten in Vegas, only stopped because we were late and kids hungry.There were many unattended children in a dirty play area screaming as well. Service extremly slow, calemari, chewey and tasteless.
I didn't see what all the hype was about this place. It was mediocre at best. I guess because it's located in an Airport and it's convent. Other than that, I wouldn't waste my vacation calories here at this place.\n\nYour friend,\n\nOB
Big fan of the scallops, and the French wine selection pairs well with any entree. Great place to take visiting family from out of town for a nice meal.
Service is okay and the beer selection is cool as well.\n\nThe food is meh. I have tried a few different items, but will stick with liquid meals at this establishment haha.\n\nThe service is so-so as well. It's slow and they can be rude.
Love love this place! My self control goes out the window when it comes to this place's buffet! Come hungry because you will be stuffed with all the options. The desserts are small, so leave room in your stomach and split it with someone because they are sweet.
Thank you Buffalo Wild Wings for opening up 200 yards away. I will never go back to Metro now that there is another option. Service is horrible. Only have 1 good place to watch the TVs, any other spot in the bldg you can't see. Greatest feature- walking distance to Buff WW
This place is overhyped.  Yes the food is more than just your regular burgers but for the price I expected better flavors and not just overwhelmed with grease.
The food is not terrible, just your typical low-end chain restaurant.  I would categorize it somewhere between Baja Fresh and Applebees.  Our waitress was nice and attentive.
The food was w/e but the staff were unbearable. Never again.
I'd go back.  Enough good unique food to go back.  The 5 star item was the dessert donuts.
If you want pho.... Don't get it here. Staff is friendly and helpful but food is not up to par. Tastes like the broth was made from bouillon cubes.
Umm how can I put this in words...GROSS! I got the gyro and I could only stomach one bite! The sauce was absolutely not authentic, runny and nasty! Guess I should stick to Niro's Gyros!!
This place has some really good food. I've really enjoyed their chili with rib tips and bacon, as well as their reuben. However, the service is almost always super slow. I was there for lunch once, and I think the waitress took a cigarette break when we were waiting for the check, because she was nowhere to be seen.
This place is ghetto with a capital \"G\". I recommend avoiding it if you can. I have nothing against Walmart, but this place needs to be closed.
Great for take out only. There place is too small for a sour down restaurant.  Their spicy tuna sucked.
food was fresh and authentic but way overpriced. owner was nice and so was girl behind counter will I be back maybe but only ordering food once you add in $2 drinks and $3 desserts the bill begins to rack up
They try to charge you .50 cents through the drive through for extra hot sauce but there's a salsa bar inside. They also mess up orders frequently.
I recently went here for lunch and immediately saw that the prices were high.  The food was okay and the service was fine.  Small portions.  Food was fair and will return.
Comfy chairs, clean water, very chill
I used to love Scramble, but they have taken their rosemary potatoes off their menu which was a primary item I personally loved and made them different from other breakfast places. It's now IHOP type food. Their eggs are very bland as well, Scramble has definitely changed.
I was really disappointed. Read so many reviews and decided my family needed to try it. The toppings were good, but the waffle did not taste good- actually the batter was very blah- and they are very overpriced.
Pizza isn't half bad....but it's way overrated, and overpriced. If I want good pizza there are plenty of places I would think to go before Grimaldi's.
I love this place! Romantic, sexy, great staff, and the food is delish! Definitely my go too spot in Vegas for Indian food!
People seem to really like this place, however it might just be that I'm not a fan of that type of food, but I was underwhelmed with this place.  Nothing particularly wrong, just the food was pretty spicy and the flavors blended together quite a bit.  I'll probably go back though.
For years this has been one of our favorite restaurants in Vegas. The decor, the setting and the view are very unique. We usually have seafood and it's always excellent!
Finally authentic Mexican in north Scottsdale!\nBtw to Review/Maria if you really lived in Mexico you'd know they don't have an inch of Cheddar on their beans!!
Although the environment outside under a beautiful tree was ideal.... The food selection and portions were very small. Presentation, taste and service was very disappointing.  I would not suggest it!!!!
Best sub place ever!  I started eating these subs back in Lawrence KS where they originated from and was so excited when they decided to move to AZ!  \n\nGreat food, great service!
Excellent pho soup.  Great waiter. Thanks James!
Enjoyed a delicious dinner here. Can't wait to come again and enjoy the lunch buffet. Chicken tikka was fabulous as was the chicken kadhai. Okra masala was delicious.   I suggest you give the kashmiri naan a try.  It was to die for.
as long as you're open minded and not easily offended, definitely worth a stop.\n\nthere's a lot of educational and historical aspects that were interesting.\n\nhighly recommended that you go in with an open mind and a lot of time.
Typical food for cracker barrel,. Service is usually pretty good, however today was poor. Several employees standing around talking loudly, all while we waited for 5 min. to be seated in a near empty restaurant. Almost walked out!
I visited this location recently hoping after being so long after my last visit that things would change but unfortunately everything still remains the same, the food is still okay and the service is decent.
Super awesome! Quoted me $75-100 for a stereo install over the phone. Came in and they did it for $40, and super fast!
It's no wonder this place is now closed.\nThey were not friendly, and the last couple times I went, they tried to overcharge on the bill, so I never went back.
Kind of small and a little pricey but excellent food! Sends me into a food coma everytime!
Massage Envy-Queen Creek\n\nGreat massages by Tee.  You will come out feeling great.  Enviroment is relaxing at this location.
Very friendly staff and clientele.  Prices are reasonable, even lower than what I found elsewhere on the strip.
Convenient for a quick breakfast in the warm morning sunshine. I had the blueberry pancakes, which come served with cinnamon butter and syrup. Yum!\n\nService was friendly and attentive. Not a bad place to eat and enjoy the view of the pool.
Felt discriminated because I came there in a suit and all my clothes were designer. The associate didn't even look through my bag.  Wouldn't recommend
I'm in love with this adorable little shop! It's PERFECT! Something for everyone, you'll never leave empty-handed! The owners are warm and friendly and so helpful!
Would have been five stars if the service had been better. For a Saturday night pretty empty so was surprised to see it take a while to get service. Food was fantastic as usual!
Just had an amazing lunch at the living room in chandler...service was awesome and its managers like Silas that keep us coming back!! Thank you!
My father ate here when he was a student here way back when.  He brought me here when my family visited Montreal in 2004.  I've come back here every time I visited.  It's a long ways away from anything, but it always well worth the trip.
The course itself is beautiful and decently challenging ehich id the only reason I'm not rating this 1 star. They also have a 36 hole frisbee golf course (not as challenging), ehich are fairly uncommon.  However the front desk clerk was rude and seemed racist...probably won't be back for awhile.
Great atmosphere, kind of an upscale casual yet keeping it very sophisticated. Food was excellent, I loved their wine selection...something for everyone palette and budget. Give Happy Hour a try, we did and it was divine.
Um, yeah, not what I was expecting at all. Honestly, the meat patties where really thin. I'm glad I ordered a double because I woulda been like that old lady in the back-in-the-day Wendy's commercial: \"Where's the beef?\".
Ordered a large cheese and it was ready in 20 minutes.  By the time I arrived it was being pulled out of the oven.  The pizza was delicious.  Always a good place to stop by by for lunch while at the office.  \n\nExtra points for pics of Sinatra and the rat pack.
This was a pleasant surprise! We really enjoyed the food but did let the manager know the service was sub par. Thomas absolutely made things right. No excuses! We will for sure be back!  That is the way to run a business.
Awesome dentist! Friendly, awesome, and cute staff! Dr. Amy is friendly, honest, and straight to the point. Never felt the pressure to buy any fancy toothbrush or extra treatment for my teeth. Thank you Dr. Amy and your staff!  =D
This is the cheers of coffee shops . Where everybody know youre name .Very Nice ,and clean . Very organized .
I enjoyed my visit to Sushi Kaya, food was excellent, but not as good as the stellar service
I asked for extra crispy hot wings and received soggy, rubbery, undercooked chicken swimming in a pool of buffalo sauce. Spent the rest of the night and the following day in a fetal position as my stomach wouldn't stop hurting. I would never suggest this place to anyone. Ever.
A culinary treasure and a family favorite! I have never been disappointed with the food, drink, or staff in my many visits, it has always has been a pleasure to dine here. If you are looking for something with real quality and taste, this is your place, each bite is better than the last!
Not much food for $8.00... Pork belly was all fat no flavor
This is a good spot for a fast, casual lunch. The burger was good, but got most of it's flavor from being very greasy. Expect to pay about $15-20 for a burger that is on par with Habit.
Came here after leaving Leslie's very disappointed and I was thoroughly impressed. Carl helped me out and answered all my questions when they had no idea what I was talking about at Leslie's! I will absolutely be back, they were fully staffed (no waiting), smart and professional.
ALMOST a quaint hole in the wall feeling for the queen of all suburb towns.  ALMOST.\n\nBut no.  Charlotte is forever doomed to suburban boredom.
Fresh Pasta made daily.  Highly recommend this place.
Pizza - what's up with the dough? Not a fan of the crust at ALL.\nWe ordered two pizzas and got an order of wings.\n\nWe still have one and a half pizzas leftover.\nThe wings were pretty decent though!
This place is a blessing for stay at home moms during the winter months. Pay the $12, it's worth it! Thank you, Kinderland, for being a safe, clean, WARM environment for my toddler to play in.
This place is one of the worst i've stayed in.  bed was worn out and sagging in the middle.  The carpets were dirty and stained.  Old tv too!  Carpet was peeling away from the wall.  If you are super drunk and wasted, this is hotel for you.
It isn't my favorite Mexican place, but it is the best in the Fort Mill area.  Margarita's were so sweet two of the four of us started feeling it in our stomach's.  Atmosphere is above average, food is alright and service was good.
Yummy yummy yummy!! Gonna come back for sure. Soo good. Love there food. Saying review too short. Yummy yummy!!
Good pizza, ok prices.  Nothing special
Very good fresh fish!! I am very picky because I'm from San Diego but I really liked this place
Read all the rave reviews about this place. Finally stopped by to give it a shot. Friendly staff however extremely disappointing food. Ordered the carne asada fries and beef taco. Flavorless...seriously..
Discovered this place through the Charlotte Citipass coupon book... We've already been there twice, once for lunch and once for dinner. It was great both times. Quick service, fair prices, and YES, the garlic knots are great! Will continue to go there, even after we run out of coupons.
Food was 4 stars great.  Marrow bones and pork porchetta were excellent.  I love the menu and unique food options.  They even sell a few of my favorite cookbooks here.  I want to go back when they have head cheese on the menu.  I give it 3 stars because the location, interior, and service are not anything special.
This place is horrible.  The music is bad, drinks are overpriced, and the people want to be country, but live in the city.
OK sushi. Tried it several times. When I'm shopping at Home Depot, Target or Pet Smart. I get a thing for sushi and cold Japanese beer. Conveniently located in the same parking lot of Home Depot. Every time, disappointed.
definitely one of the better restaurants i have eaten at on the Strip.  eating out on the patio is a treat.  i have been here a few times for various events, and the food can be inconsistent, so i can definitely understand if other people have had more of the \"meh\" experience.
I'm very displeased with the service I receive from the Republican party in Arizona.  First, they provide us with John McCain.  Then, Jan Brewer.  Then they crap SB 1070 all over us, which we didn't even vote on.  I've never received anything but lousy politics from these people.
The staff here are friendly and go out of their way to assist their customers.  I had an awesome experience with a female security officer when I was there gambling she assisted my disabled friend and I up to our room and was extremely courteous.
Awesome coffee + Awesome people = Lola Coffee
Haven't been here for years. Don't know why we've waited so long to come back. Great menu and great atmosphere. Prompt and friendly service. Outdoor seating with this weather is perfect.
Service was crummy, and the food was so salty!!
Spectacular atmosphere, friendly, albeit a bit slow service, Delicious food (especially the fries!!!) The service I wouldn't complain about because they were very busy. The prices were a little more than what I was expecting. The only real let down is that they do not allow substitutions. 4 of 5
Disappointing to average service.  POOR drink service, as seems to be standard in Vegas.   Rooms OK, but inconvenient to get to.  Not my first choice as a place to stay.  Somewhat smokey, and the dealers lean toward rude
Decent thickness and nice roast of chashu. Spicy misco doesn't go over the good taste of soup but I would still prefer the original. I will not order Gyoza next time because I am  going to save space for the ramen.
Painfully slow pumps.  Dirty store.
Good food, cowboy scramble rocks
So good! Prices seem a bit high, but I would pay again. I had a wrap and my fianc\u00e9 had the bowl. Both were delicious.
Cute decor.  Unique pizza choices.  Will go back again to try more things.   Excellent root beer on tap!
I stay here once or twice a year. Lots of food options, a great pool, both making it easy to entertain a kiddo. I also enjoy the shops. Customer service is great. They returned the Kindle that I left in my room in no time!
Very disappointed. If you frozen food (except the eggs) heated up, boxed pancakes and waffles. This is the place for you. Save a few dollars and go to Denny's or IHOP\n\nService Good, and Fast only reason I gave it 2 stars.
I come year once a year when I visit my Aunt.  Food isn't amazing, but they have low prices (even lower if you get there before 6pm).  Live music on Monday nights, and it's always fun to watch the Sun City locals dancing!
Went for my first time to the lunch buffer.  It was fabulous.  Great food. Worth the $11.
Sonic food at it's finest.   We had dinner at midnight and everything was made fresh.  I couldn't ask for anything more.  The chili cheese coneys were delicious.
Going to bump you all up an extra star since your manager was quick to respond to my review. I don't live in Phoenix but will most likely hit this place up again because it shows that he values what customers say about their food and service. Well done sir.
The food was excellent, service was mediocre and the atmosphere was poor (WAY TOO LOUD!)  Get the Oriental Salad with the macadamia nut chicken - way good.
Just like Cheesecake Factory.\nI love their Fried Pickles! MMM! Large portions and enough for me to pack for a post-drunkie snack. Haha.
Visited this Verizon store today not impressed with management.
This was a terrible and uncomfortable bus ride from Charlotte to Atlanta. We  had no heat on our 4 hour journey. Driver said he does not control the heat, but his cabin area was nice and toasty. Email sent to Megabus let's see if they respond and compensate.
While the service here is great, huge set back is that there is no drive through :(
Went to mr sandwich for the first time (finally) after having driven by every day since they opened. We had a sandwich (Banh mi) and a beef stew soup as well as an order of summer rolls and it was all delicious. We are definitely going to go back to try more stuff from the very larger menu.
Very expensive and the doctor gave me the creeps.
It appears this restaurant is now closed.
The same day service was cool but if your getting a uniform dry cleaned, then I would go somewhere else. I still had to go over my uniforms with the iron.
Friendly most helpful staff ever.  Free attentive water testing, appears to be family owned...  I dig em.\n\nThe final words:  Popcorn machine\n\nNeed I say more?
Not open when they say they're open.  Door clearly says 11 am.  Do not appreciate making a special trip to Mill Ave. for 11 am beer & lunch to discover they've decided to not open until 3pm for awhile because they're new.  Thanks for the inconvenience.
I went on a Saturday night.  I had a ok time.  Its a very nice place with a good dj but the vibe was off.  Its more of a lounge and social type of bar with no dance floor.  We stayed till about 1am and then moved on to another place.
We went for Sunday brunch. Atmosphere is great. But we waited 30 minutes until we had to call a server over to get our drink order and there were only 5 other tables. Food was good but not worth the wait.
Honored they have a military discount but the chicken tenders were flavorless. Server shay was nice which brought the score up.
I went 12/24 at 4:30. It is small attractive with very nice people. The appetizer was excellent while the tea and main course were mediocre. First I am nothing close to an expert and this was my initial visit.
Lousy! You're a file number.
Best beer selection in Pgh.
Great healthy fresh choices. Friendly staff. Very tasty!
Noodles w/chicken breast was great, my family enjoyed their meals as well.  Customer service was great.
Small dining area but they move folks in and out quickly. Food is super yummy and it's clean.
Great for customizing and getting the perfect jeans. Everything can be customized. Prices are decent considering it's all made in the U.S.A.
Mmm, the breakfast was amazingly good and fairly priced. The omelettes are huge and filling. Chicken and waffle are yum. Spicy bloody Mary to die for. Perfect breakfast.
We got there by 5:30pm and most of the dishes were cold, as if they been sitting there since noon.  They never refilled our drinks and tried to rush us out.  I would never eat at this place again.
Pedros has an awesome green corn tamales,  there salsa has a unique flavor and includes black olive pieces.  Very reasonable prices and modest decor. Closed on Sunday.
Disgustingly bad. Don't do it. Seriously please don't. bad bad bad bad bad like months later I'm still full of regret so just don't
Great food. Restaurant is undergoing renovation - but don't let that stop you from going there.
Service sucked. Food wasn't bad but not worth the price. Wont be going back soon
Bon resto...pour ceux qui aiment la bouffe libanaise un peu plus raffin\u00e9 que chez Amir...
The food was rock bottom. \n\nIt was so disappointing that  me and two my friends could not finish our meals.
Delicious Greek homemade style food
We had a surprise 60th birthday here for my father last night. The service fantastic. Matty was our waiter and he was great!
Worst place I have ever lived. No water half the time. No A/C the other time. The staff is here to make sure they get paid only and do not care about your problems.  I can't wait to move.
This place was really good, and not to pricey for the quality you are getting. The white Ceviche was the best I have ever had.\n\nThe stuffed peppers were great also.
Thai House is my favourite!  I've only ever got one thing from here that I did not like, thought it was a bit bland, it was the Pepper Steak.  Otherwise, all the curries are super yum!!!  This is my go to Thai craving!!!
My favorite Phoenix Bar. Great drinks and the staff are wonderful. They take making great drinks and providing a relaxing atmosphere seriously.
The only reason you should go there is to take a picture, not to eat. The food was just not that good. I guess their history makes it fun, but not worth eating at.
I will review after I eat but the entrees don't come with rice, and she was wrong on the phone and they do NOT offer what I ordered. Sigh.\n I wouldn't go back, and I think it was very expensive for what it was.
Great food but if there is more than 4 people in front of you it will be an hour wait for food.
Hubby and I split the fried chicken and waffles.   The chicken was good, not great.  The waffle was hard.  The biscuit was crumbling and flavorless.  Yes, the portions were large, but who cares if the food isn't that terrific?
Awesome spot -- my friends and I happened upon this place on Saturday morning -- with no advance notice, they were able to accommodate a group of 12 people. Everything was really tasty as well. I had the bacon benedict -- very highly recommended.
Thank you BRETT and CIPPY for aligning my wheels that was supposed to have been done by another garage chain....I was in and out in less than an hour...thank you.....I had never been there before, but I'll definitely be going back.....
Recently ate dinner there had a wonderful sushi option the North Hills Roll. Just wish it weren't so expensive or I would go more often.
No!! We have eaten here close to ten times in the past three years and no more. Slowest Cracker Barrel ever!
The pizza was fine, but when I called, I may or may not have hit on the pizza clerk, she then proceeded to hangup on me when after  she told me the order.
Awesome atmosphere. Awesome staff. Unique food. Ok taste.
Nothing special and the drinks aren't cheap. If you're going to be a sucky bar, at least give me cheap drinks.
We were starving one night and thought we would try this place out, not the best idea we had. The food is gross and over priced, and the service is bad. The only thing that we liked was the band. \n\nThis might be an alright place to have a drink but don't eat here.
In-n-Out Burger, why oh why aren't you in Boston...  Alas, I'd weigh several thousand pounds if you were.  Delicious, fast, cheap.  All you need to know!  Already drooling with anticipation of going back...  soon, I hope!
I love Cafe Rio - the service at this location was extremely laid back. Visited after the lunch rush, so the employees might have been slowing down since no one was in line behind me. Employees did not look happy - but the food was really good!
I like coming here because the lunch specials are great and filling and they are consistant. \n\nTry an order of peanut sauce with the pad thai. Great combo!\nLove the soups
Really really enjoyed watching this show. The music is just so dreamy and the theatre is so beautiful. I think we saw it some time last year, so this post is quite late. However, in any case, my love and I had an amazing time. Can't wait to go back to Vegas and see more shows!
Thank you Mandalay bay for a great weekend! Even though I'm not worth a million bucks you sure made me feel like I am! Amazing rooms and top notch service, sorry for taking 2K from you...not!!
The nacho selection did not impress me I like real cheese on my nachos bummer. \n\nI ordered the chips and salsa, chips were bathed in salt and only one salsa was tasty. I went for the burger as my entree which was actually pretty good.
Whenever we go there, we are hit with a bill of nearly $200 or more. They charge excessivley for small things like looking at some sample under a microscope for 5 mins or $20 for shampoo. We are seriously considering switching.
not much attraction here other than be in old Vegas. rooms are old but can't expect much for anything in old Vegas. good place if you're trying to save so money
Best place to order delivery Chinese food in Downtown/uptown Phoenix. Super fast, always good and hot. Very consistent and friendly!  \n\nOur go to is the General Tso Chicken two times spicy, really good egg rolls and cheese puffs. I've also ordered the Orange chicken and it's really good too.
After my poor experience the service manager called me and stuck with me through a two week game of phone tag. Much appreciated.
Quick service, and a good pedi. A tiny bit pricer than what I'm use to, but still a good pedicure.
This place is now closed. Apparently they lost their liquor license and those of us who purchased a Yelp Deal for that place are stuck with a certificate we cannot use. Shame, because I heard so many great things about the food. RIP Antars.
So much food! Great customer service. Their coffee is wonderful and very interesting in how they prepare it. A little bit of a sketchy neighborhood but what you use to scoop your food, that little sourdough pancake type thing is what will bring me back!
Went here for breakfast today. Got the plain bagel with plain cream cheese and breakfast burrito with sausage. Have to say that I'm not impressed and the burro was very very bland. I give this place a \"meh\".
Went yesterday and was blown away by this place!! Delicious sandwich!! I ordered the Sgt. Pepper which has french dip. Yum! Ill be back this sunday, cant wait!
Cheese Nachos so yummy an the mac an cheese is the shit
I don't know what the hype is about their noodle dishes, I was not impressed at all. However I will say their curry (red or green) is absolutely delicious. Also, it has plenty of meat and flavor.\n\nTheir tom yun soup is amazing.
This place gets 4 stars because it good for after work happy hours.  Sushi rolls, apps and drinks are half off.  The sushi is decent quality, but it is definitely a touristy place to hang out.  I would only recommend this place if you're hanging out with co-workers and grabbing a quick bite prior to a night out.
hookah was always harsh the moment it was brought to our table. didn't have a good time here. the place seems to advertise that they specialize in hookah but it only looks like a side feature.
Beautiful updated salon. Comfortable atmosphere.  Well trained stylists. I would trust anyone at Salon Lulu with my hair.  They also have a nail tech and an esthetician.
We went in again and this time on what I have to consider one of their busiest times, Sunday mid morning for brunch. The service was fast and flawless!\n\nWildflower and Louis you convinced me! 5 stars!
All things for baby, Great prices on all clothing and toys. Nicely divided by boys and girls down the middle of the store.
Loved the atmosphere. Didn't like that the servers got angry when you get up to get a napkin or a to go box. It's not the customers fault the waitresses or waiters aren't attentive
Quick and easy breakfast or lunch. Really good salads and I also enjoyed the pesto sandwich. I like that they serve alcohol there too. My favorite thing at this location might be the baked goods (cookies, muffins, etc).
My first Pittsburgh bar!\nLove the levels and prices.\nKaraoke MESS\n\n(b)
Please don't shop here. I bought a conure and his wings were clipped when we got him. They were clipped way too high and they actually cut his wing. Poor birdy.
Upon entering, we were not sure we'd made a good choice, walking further into the restaurant out reservations settled...the setting is swanky, urban elegant...dim lighting, pretty decor, knowledgeable staff and good food made this a nice experience. We've had better sushi but overall it was a nice experience .
Somewhat decent breakfast food in a crowded, dirty restaurant. I guess I don't quite get the charm of this place. There was a diner that used to be on the east side that I thought was much better. Madison really doesn't have very good options for breakfast.
If you want the leather and fabric in your car's seats covered in grease, then All City Towing is right for you!  I have no problem with their pricing or promptness, just the destruction of my car's interior.  If you value you car in the least, don't contract with these guys.
We waited over an hour for our food, which showed up to be only mediocre. They had live music which was decent.
We found this place on groupon and the food was excellent! The service was a little slow and the overall decor of the restaurant was a little dated. But the food was good. We will be back!
Really nice office, friendly staff, a good variety of eyeglass wear & sunglasses, and very organized. I love my new glasses! Would definitely recommend anyone to get an eye exam and maybe glasses or sunglasses :) Take care of your eyes now.
This place is generally good for their food and ambience. Decent pricing of meals too. Sometimes, the food gets a little on the tangy side, but most of the times, the quality is decent. Its a must place for Thai food lovers ..
There was a 40 minute line for a car... And so many people waiting. I would anywhere rather than wait that long... Not recommended
Good food, but very expensive.  They don't take reservations, but they do accept what they are calling, \"call ahead\".  That sounds a lot like the \"reservation\".  Weird.  Overall services were always good every time I go there.  Make sure you sign-up for their program for free food throughout your visits.
The beer is alright, the food is mediocre. Lots of kinks to work out in their first two months of being open. Hopefully time will help them perfect the good thing they have started.
It is pricey, but worth it.  I am a steak eater.  The 16 oz. New York strip with a ton of pepper is the best I've had.  It is cooked as you ordered it. The wait staff is excellent.
The coffee au lait here is good value for your money at $2.25, everything else is really overpriced ! However, to fix your coffee craving, this little coffee shop will do :)
The best sushi I had in Vegas definitely a five star experience for Vegas
It would had been nice if pick n pull left a message letting us no there no more pick n pull in AZ. N closes one to us is in fresono, CA.
Very slow...and there's not very many people.   Didn't bring food for two people.   When we asked why they said the cooked accidentally closed our order.   No real apologies.  Food ok but not worth the lack of service.
i don't get why everyone seems to love this place. service is pretty slow and the food is just ok. the emphasis seems to be on volume over quality.
If i could have given zero stars I would have.  not because the people wernt nice, they were.  the cars simply were not there.  It took nearly 2 hours from start to finish to get my vehicle.  If thrifty reads these and cares, they will invest in the people and systems to not make the process so horrible.
Love the atmosphere and the prices are soooo reasonable. Staff is very helpful and great with the pups. Won't take our baby girl any where else! Thank you!!
My hubby likes it here for some reason. I prefer Tokyo Express for a chicken teriyaki bowl any day! Not that the bowls we got here last Saturday afternoon were bad, they just weren't very good.
The food was really good. I was satisfied with the half pound burger, it was big and really hot when it came out.\n\nIt's not one of those places you eat at for every lunch but it is good to try once in a while. It is a bit overpriced but the food was delicious.
It contains very nice collection of diamond jewelry. Different type of rings like three stone diamond rings, solitaire rings, diamond rings and white gold rings also available with latest designs.  They also ensure that the product matches all the quality  factors  for 4c which enables you to rate & understand the jewelry.
This is a small centre with just enough - the cinema - been there a few times, Weatherspoons - has great Curry Club on Thursdays (fish and chips on Fri) and a a variety of restaurants - its close to city centre and next door to the Edinburgh Playhouse and across the street from John Lewis.
I highly suggest this restaurant! The servers are always great to deal with. I always order Rick's Buffalo/Ranch salad. Wolfley's is the only place that I can find a salad like this and it is the best. The atmosphere is great here!
Service is very friendly. I had the cheesequila with steak and it was a great breakfast combo. Lots of gluten free options but still pancakes and toast if you want to have the traditional breakfast stuff.
I love this place.  My friends and I try to have a 'girl's night out' once a month and we frequent Radio Maria because of the delicious cuisine and the atmosphere.  It is relaxing and has several conversation pieces.  The service is spectacular.  This is one of my favorite local spots to dine in Champaign
First time there. The guy working there was very nice, he recommend a ice coffee with room for cream. Loved it. Nice place to kill time.
One of my favorite breakfast places in Madison.  The salmon hash is a dream.  And Tim bakes the best biscuits in town!
Really wanted to like this place. It was busy and service was good. However, I ate an ammonia tasting scallop and everything tasted like it hadn't been seasoned at all. Will stick to the place next door.
Pomegranate Margarita with sea salt foam.  To go, pleez.
Bon d\u00e9jeuner \u00e0 prix abordable. Par contre les plats pourraient plus chaud et le service est moyen.
Well this place did not live up to the hype I've heard and read about.  The selection was ok and variety was not nearly as good as my top ranked caesars buffet.  They do however do a nice job of presentation, the layout and cleanliness is top notch.
Love it great service ... Great food come on happy hr and Monday to Wed you will save tons of $$$
Large portions, yes, but hugely over-priced as well. After sampling 4 different entrees, all being bland as the table cloth, I left without finishing anything. Not impressed with the hype.
My kids love this place.  We have had good luck finding something everyone likes, and that is quite an accomplishment.\n\nIts very casual and friendly staff makes you feel at home.\n\nI have yet to have a bad meal here.
I'm told this is one of the nicest Food City locations.  Where else can you get a bag of pastillera for a few dollars?  Instead of several dollars each at AJ's.  Love the selection of mexican food stuffs.  $15 Jimador  with a nice glass was a nice bonus find.
This has alway been my favorite theatre until today! The security told us the theatre was ready to be used and there already two couples sitting in the room and when I entered the room it was filthy! The whole theatre is a mess even the bathrooms not coming back!!!!
My hair looks amazing. Sheila did a great job as always. She is friendly, professional and always on time. I will be back!
LOVE IT! It is not in the best of neighborhoods or very fancy, but the food is authentic, tasty and priced very cheap. I love it! I have gone around a tried others, always comparing to Pho Thanh, can not find any better!
Darryl the really tall manager, he's the best! I will comeback only because of his service and the attention to details. Cheap drinks and tacos... The pizzas are good but the tacos are amazing! Try the potato ones...
Ladies....if you need to take your car in for whatever reason but are afraid of getting ripped off....go to Wes. High quality care, personable and honest. Great at what he does and is very meticulous with his work.  I highly recommend!
Love this breakfast place, service is good, food is great, servers are really nice, have come to know some of them from my freqent visits.  Also been to the one on rainbow, same thing, very consistent.
The location is great, but the food is just OK. But the place looks nice.
Want a quick water cus its 108 outside? Sure. Tap water $1.00 didnt want to pay for tap water just a cup? .64 cents for a water cup.
best steak I've ever had. best customer service. affordable lux food.
Very clean and well kept community association
Yum Yum the food was delicious. Service in the place was very good and the place was very clean. Definitely a good place for breakfast when I'm in Vegas.
the staff hang out with each other,  one day I overheard 2 guys gossiping about another co-worker  loudly dropping f bombs about how someone owes him money.   lol  this is funny but not professional
I giving 2 stars because they charge .25 cents for tap water or is it the paper cup your paying for. By the way , amc town square offer $6 everyday first two showing, seven days a week and not just Monday.
I told them what I thought I needed and they got someone out to do the work in a couple of hours.  They charged me according to what we agreed on the phone and solved my problem.  I would use them again.
Fun friendly place. The food is ok & better than other Mexican places in the same area.
I give 3 stars just because its my 1st time hear.     \n    The staff are friendly     Vary understanding in our time it took to decide what to order.  \n\nI will be back.    For some one who has not been hear     Come check it out
The BBQ is good but not great.  The prices are close to a fine dining restaurant.  Not impressed with the food when you look at the prices.  Good selection but nothing is really over the top.  Generic flavor and high prices.
Its an Interesting location. The food was quite average. the service was good and friendly. They also had their own brew. I tried the sampler and I thought the stout sucked.\n\nIts an ok place.
Coming from NYC originally, it should be illegal for a place like this to be allowed to use my city's name. Instead how 'bout they change it to Pittsburgh because the food really is the Pitts (no offense to all you from Pittsburgh, sorry.)
The show was worth the price, unfortunately the price was free,  This show will catch your attention for awhile but progressively fades away with parlor like tricks and a sales pitch, if you are into his tv show you may enjoy this.  Honestly not the worst ive seen but will not get me to go back
Nothing like an Iced Almond milk Extra Dirty Chai to get this day started!!!!  A must try here.....
This place looks like its getting ready to close down!!! Weird.
Fish was chewy. Pasta was good but filling tasted like dirt.  We sent back the beef cheek ravioli. Service was great but would not go back because food was terrible.
This place has seen better days. Wildly inconsistent service and food quality. Stick with the lettuce wraps and chicken soup as only viable options. Kid city.
Absolutely phenomenal... You can smell the greatness once you open your car door.  Brisket was flavorful, tender and the sausage was fantastic  too.  The sides were on point.\n\nEmployees were extremely friendly and offered samples while standing in line.
YELP!
Me and my husband went one night, they had a great atmosphere. We had a choice to eat outside since it was so nice out. I myself tried their blueberry vanilla beer and I personally very much liked it.
The prices are super cheap, buy your spices here. Also, the restaurant is amazing. The beef shawerma sandwich with a yogurt drink is incredible. If you get fries, get the garlic butter dip.
Our bar tender here was pretty rough around the edges cussing every sentence.  This could just be the kind of atmosphere they are trying to portray.  He also claimed he doesn't know math and gave us more beers than we asked for which we paid for. Only plus I saw was it had a convenient location on the walkway.
I called to make an appointment for an x ray and was told to walk in. I waited for over an hour before I was seen. Are you freaking kidding me? That was the whole point of my call. I will never go here again.
BEST place for Sunday footbal!! That is where you will find us!! $1 beers and $5 food menu! Most of the staff has been good (Candy, not so great!). Beer is cold, food is decent..no major complaints.
Recent family lunch at the Duck, outside under the amazing eucalyptus trees, had more great sandwiches.  It's so easy to get a really layered and yummy vegetarian sandwich with great side treats.  And the meat-a-tarians in the family loved their sandwiches too!
This place is amazing...The food is a mix of Vietnamese, Thai, and Chinese.  They have something for everyone.  The Pho is one of the best I had.  I like the big and high ceiling dinning room.
Twice a year treat. Love this place for lunches during the Winter and Spring street fair. VERY pricey, but the cheese fries are delicious. Worth trying at least once in your life! Can get crowded, so be warned!
it was okay
We spent 3 nights and 4 days here, clean and homey! Loved the lazy river and shuttles to Tropicana and Mirage.
This review is only for the service as we did not get a chance to eat.  Hostess Mariah was very nice but sat us down and never had a waiter approach us after 15 minutes.  There were only 2 other tables there the place was dead it was Thursday afternoon.  After 20 minutes of nobody acknowledging our existence, we got up and left.
Me and my boyfriend were at the Paris buffet last Sat. night and I want to say that it was horrible, food looked old. The service was horrible, they took forever to get refills. My boyfriend got sick right after he finished eating.\nWe will never ever go back to that place.
I ordered a gyro & it was wonderfully prepared. The service was fast and the portions were generous. Next time I will have to remember to order a side of tzatzik sauce. Didn't have enough.
This is a time I wish there were 1/2 stars, it was 2.5 star worthy. Had the Philly Cheeze Steak ($8). The bread was dry, but meat was tender and the cheese was nice and melty. However, overall, it was pretty unmemorable and hardly worth the wait.
GREAT EATS! Waiter and Waitresses were amazing and so accommodating! Food...AWESOME..price even better! We came to vegas for 3 days and we came back here twice just to eat! Great Great Place for simple meal!
Too political. Uhg.
I was just illegally detained and then searched in a back room of this club after paying for entry. Despite finding nothing, they still kicked me out and would not escort me to find all of my friends who were still inside. If you value your rights, do not go to this club.
I'm not a beer drinker, but my friends and I come here sometimes for happy hour. Mojitos here rock!
They now have vegetarian fajitas, $10, not a bad price but you don't get much tofu at all and the ones at Jack Astor's are better in every way.\n\nOver all they're not bad, but I don't think I'd order them again.
We were shown to our table and after about 15 minutes without being waited on at all (and asking a nearby employee if they could find us our waiter or bring some water) we left.
Garlic eggplants were good, pork chops over rice were good too !
Went here on a whim, the decor and inside the restaurant are pretty awesome. Not overly cheesy or anything. Place is huge too. Walked in with out a reservation and just got sushi and drinks. Sushi was really good and friendly staff.  If im ever staying at the LV hotel, will definitely eat here again.
i was very disappointed..been to many of their locations like the ever soo good NYC location.  gotta say save your money and go elsewhere cuz this location bites
One of the most fun days ever. The owners/tour guides are super awesome. Organized a private tour with 16 people for my sister's bachelorette party. She had a great time and everyone had a blast. Loved it!
It's a small chain that does a good job of being a chain.  We did have fun there and enjoyed our food.
Many different choices!! All of what you want... Plenty of different meats, spices, veggies & sauces. Make your own creations. Get a Genghis card & earn free bowls the more you go!! Great food & great staff!!!
Soggy corn and watery butter.  If I had to choose Red Lobster or The boiling Crab Id take Red Lobster any day.  (As ghetto as that may sound.)
Basic sandwich shop. A good option for a quick lunch good quality.
I received the worst service ever tonight nothing like a moody shift manager with a attitude.NOT A GOOD LOOK FOR YOU MCDONALD'S
$3 parking fee, and the valet has cones on every space. This is tantamount to a cover charge, and the food isn't THAT good.
So easy to stop in and get a quick coffee
Love this place! My boyfriend has been coming here since he was a kid and now he has me hooked. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Great staff. Great service. Amazing sushi!
Heart Bar holds a special place in MY heart.  Why?  Because I met a 14-large bachelorette party at this bar.  Needless to say, it was a perfect weekend.  \n\nNote: Unless you're looking for hookers, avoid this place after 1am.
Food was good but service rather slow as the bartender was the only person covering the restaurant. He was a nice guy, just shouldn't of had to carry the load.
Unfortunately my dog ended up catching kennel cough from here. Devastating to watch him go through it and it cost me $188 for the visit and meds.
Don't bother calling in your order! When I got here, they didn't know the order was placed! They didn't even start making it untill we get here!!! This is the third time they've done this to me. Watched the whole line go through, while waiting on two meals :/
Service was excellent!!! Jalape\u00f1o chicken tacos were great....steam burrito was good but could have been bigger in size for our liking....would go again drink specials were the best reason to visit this location...go during happy hour!!
This place is everything a diner should be!  The food is good.  The service is prompt and friendly.  The prices are quite reasonable.  The portions will not leave you hungry.  I am looking forward to my next visit!
My wife and I enjoyed our stay immensely. The front desk staff was very accommodating. We enjoyed our early check in and late check out. We took advantage of the free kayak on the lake for two days. Enjoyed the bar and the great pizza. For us it's a definite come back destination.
Interesting place atmosphere is good, however, the music is horrible, not too sure why \"club music\" has to be playing.. They also have 3 TV's playing 3 different show... So what does this place want to be??????? The was just OK too.
Their sandwiches reminds me of cafeteria food in Junior high school.   Best used for a food fight.  Save your money and go to chipotles next door.
Great coffee, great service, great atmosphere, and even better prices. I'm so glad to have found this coffee shop near UNLV. Way better than Starbucks and the prices beat both Starbucks and the Coffee Bean. I'll definitely be back!
We golfed yesterday . It was cart only . The course was wet and muddy. The rough was very tall and thick . It was almost impossible to find your ball  we lost about a dozen balls . The ground was wet so it was very inconsistent . The greens  were relatively  smooth and about an 8 it was a lot of walking  shot my highest round in years
Their baclava is God's gift to man.
My friend's credit card was cloned and hijacked in the \"Austin Powers\" fireside lounge.\n\nI won't be going back. Ever.\n\n\"No, bay-bee!!\"
Its an older location on Horizon and Arroyo Grande. The equipment is bit old, but still works. The gym itself seems cramped, it looks like it was made for the \"Borrowers\". Bathrooms are clean. Customer service is excellent.
Love the tostada here!
Service was good, Food was really good! Looking forward to going back.
Fun bar! Had live cover band and DJ Friday night. Drinks are light on alcohol.  But band was entertaining.
Walked in and smells like urine really bad. So we are going to a different Denny's
Fantastic food, amazing service. Very clean. Great place to come for breakfast or lunch if you are staying on the strip. Came two days in a row!
I'm not sure what all of the hoopla is about this place!! The food is average and bland.
Always a wait... But ppl are nice.
You're a coffeehouse.  You charge almost $2.50 for a cup of coffee.  It should not taste like Maxwell House that was brewed seven hours ago.  Period.
Always fresh tasting, flavorful and hot pizza. For $5 you can't beat this deal with a stick, it IS that good! Their customer service is top-notch and make you feel welcome in their little storefront. Great food, great people and definitely 5 stars.
Granted, this is a chain restaurant and is pretty standard American Chinese fare, it is the best option for Chinese food that we have nearby. I have never had any major complaints, just that the fried items sometimes aren't very hot. I LOVE their noodles and wish I had the recipe.
Love this place!  Excellent, friendly service and great food!  The kind of place you definitely want in your neighborhood.  Great happy hour spot or place to bring the kids for a fun meal and teach them how to watch 5 different games at one time!  Top notch...5 stars...check it out soon!!!
Rip off.  That is all.
I'm not a smoker of any kind but I found this place to be rather pleasant - with the live jazz music and airy environment. Really great spot to sit and listen to music.
Beware of any company that requires you to mail in a letter to cancel your services. We all know that means they will just keep drafting your bank account to their desire. Just like LA Fitness did. So I now have to prepare to contact the bank and have them refuse payment to Monitronics to stop this nonsense
Extremely disappointed.  I went in for a haircut, but when it became how inept the lady assigned to me was, I just let her finish washing my hair & drying it w/no styling and left.  Of course I was charged the full price.  There were only 2 other customers in there, so maybe that tells you something.
Food is sub-par/prices average. But hey, I'm from Ca.
If you have never been here, this is all you need to know: MUCHO MANGO!!!!  Yum!  \n\nIf anyone knows how to make this drink, let me know.  We don't have CB & TL in Illinois and I love this drink.
Not 2A friendly, didn't see the sign until I was leaving. The food is good though.  So all you Anti-2A supporters meet here for your rallies and to be victims for criminals who don't obey the law.  I won't be back.
Doug, the owner takes making a Sub to the next level.  Right down to the bread, his Subs are awesome.  No chain shop here, and you can taste the difference.  Great job Doug.
Great fire Jacuzzi nice atmosphere normally good service
In a world where money buys you food--why would you come here and buy cardboard?  \n\nPizza Hut in general has gone downhill so far, it's not even funny.  I remember when I was a kid in the early 80's, Pizza Hut was awesome.  Now, it's all horrible.
Great rooms, lower prices, and walking down to a restaurant or through the casino does not make your eyes water with the cigarette smoke. I will return.
They have a good selection of shoes at a decent price. But customer service is really lacking. Every time I go in there I wait at least 35 mins before I get helped. Wish they had better customer service. They put on good runs on third Thursdays. But will not buy anything there.
Came here to watch the habs-bruins game, great atmosphere, great pub food. Their alcohol selection is big and nice.\n\nI had fish and chips, great with generous portions. Had the sticky toffee pudding and it was also great. Nice place, gets really crowded during sports events, nice staff.
I've never have felt so uncomfortable at a drive thru but the cashier was staring at my breasts n then it seemed like he said something to the other window cause got the creepiest vibes from that guy.   They're up to something at this store.
Excellent Chinese food!  Definitely coming back.  Dumplings are delicious!  Soups are excellent and not over salted!
Omg! This place was wonderful. Our waitress was sweet and talkative we us. Very very sweet. The food was amazing! I had french toast and my boyfriend had pancakes and it made my mouth water. When in Vegas again I am most definitely eating there again.
Best sandwiches ever! Made to order and always delicious. Delivery is sometimes slow, but always worth the wait!
Such a disappointment. All bells, no whistles. Friendly, but gimmicky, over priced and unfortunately not very tasty.
There prices have increased and service is poor. I'm always waiting and feel that they are rushing. I also have experienced a huge increase in ingrowns since going here. I will not be going back.
Great atmosphere. Everything else was so-so.
They have clam chowder on Sundays - best I've ever had! Kids can eat breakfast for dinner which is great for my pickiest.  Overall great food and staff! We will try again!
FIRST!\n\nReasons why I love going to this Lowe's:\n\n- Proximity to my house.\n- Cleanliness.\n- Helpful and easily accessible staff.\n- Store layout... easy to find everything if you've been here more than once.
Always a nice place for an iced mocha and a bear claw.  Great if you enjoy sitting outside at The District.
Best menudo in town. Great salsa. I've only eaten the menudo because it's so good that I haven't wanted to order anything else.
Thanks Amex for the free invite. \nFree food, free alcohol, shower that put my vegas hotel shower to shame. \"R
not good, stay away
mexican food in phoenix is waaay different than mexican food in los angeles but it was still great!!
It's been a few weeks since our visit here the staff is very friendly ,the breakfast was. Good although I thought a bit pricey
Yes I am a Fan!  Some cool jeans and T's hot brands recycled to cool prices!!! Staff is always friendly and the location is great (across the street from Hong Kong Vintage)!  Buy - Sell - Trade!!!
Shrimp tacos!!  all day every day any day they are just Bomb ! the carne asada ain't bad either margaritas are coo def get chips w/ the guacamole ! Delicious !!
WOW... pure fun and great music! its a nice is of ages being 41 I did not feel like the old man in the place.\n\nwould have give 5 starts but drinks could be a little less expensive, and get rid of the smoking.
a sports bar galore\ncold french fries make me so sad\neighteen dollars gone
Better than Starbucks. That's all I got, but its enough. Check it out if the yuppies don't scare you away.
Service has gone way downhill. The food is just ordinary where it used to be outstanding. Delivery used to be rather quick and now it's an abnormally long wait.
This hotel was fine for our overnight. Our room featured a door to separate adults from children. Nice feature! Also on the pro side, the staff was kind.\n\nThe overall place was a bit dirty. Our shower didn't work. The pool deck was incredibly slippery.
It wasn't very busy when we arrived at this location.  I've been to a few other locations so I knew what to expect.  When you've been to one In & Out you've been to them all.
Musicology is a special place to take your little ones. Knowledgable and personable staff who genuinely care about your child's learning! As a parent you also get to remember what it's like to be a kid again... and even show it which makes it one of the top programs in Arizona!!
Every time I shop here for pool repair parts, I get the wrong part. The chemicals (chlorine, muriatic acid, etc.) are not good quality and the place is operated by amatuers/kids.
Awesome place!!! I use to go here  since it was a little less popular back in 2010 then people start to notice this place and got crowded. ( long long wait) Now , they're waiting time is less than 15 mins.
Talk at work had me checking this place out. Great selection, friendly staff, and quality product. Superior to dunkin' donuts, but for a plain glazed, a fresh, hot krispy kreme still rules.
Fun, good stick-to-your ribs food (pun intended).  Family fun, loud, typical franchise restaurant atmosphere.
Simply amazing.  You will be captivated and truly thankful for having experienced such beauty and artistry.  The acrobatic displays and water aspect will leave you in awe.  You will appreciate the dedication and craftsmanship it takes to produce such a magnificent spectacle.
I love this place. They have a great selection of sugar free flavors, prices are reasonable, staff is always super friendly, and I would much rather spend my money supporting a local business than a huge chain. If you haven't tried this place check it out. You won't be disappointed!
The service was descent. The food was NOT. It was horrible. The egg drop soup was watered down and tasted like chemical. The chow mein was flavorless & stale. Fried rice was a little off & its hard to mess up rice. Go somewhere else!!!
Nice place waste time in. Nice place to get a good friend a gift. Coffee in the back is good. They have specials on Wednesdays on the coffee. They also have wine and beer tastings once in a while.
Beer and Drink prices were very low bathrooms were the worst ever hands down. Sat night tho the place to be Party Party Party
expensive, not much seats... customer service soso
Try the central park omelet, it was delish!  The service was very good and fast.
Great craft beer selection and friendly staff.  I bought a number of singles here and the guy was nice enough to throw in ice to keep it cold on the trip home to Mpls.  Also, cool artwork for their logo.  Worth the stop!
I just love this place. The staff is so friendly and the food is excellent, as well as very reasonably priced. The kimchi wasn't the best I've had, but still good.
The large employee guy with blonde hair was belligerent and trying to start fights with several us last night. He needs to be fired and needs to be some changes made.
If you like this sort of thing go for it but anyone with kids who know the difference between kosher hotdogs and crap should avoid the children's menu hot dog! SO disappointed at the lack of quality! Two bites and it went right into the trash. But the onion soup was edible.
Good central location on second floor of the Luxor.  Good place to grab a late lunch and a meal.  Definitely not a dining experience, but cool to grab a bite if gambling or staying at Luxor. Definitely don't go out of your way, but if you end up here it's good.
This contains more talking and more dancing than all the other Cirque du Soleil shows.  Unless your a huge Elvis fan go see Ka or O.  Both are better.
Port of subs is the greatest place to eat at. This port of subs is the best one to go to. they serve great food and have the best service.
Food is pretty good, but there is better out there. 4th star is for their happy hour which is amazing! 2 dollar XX and free food.
This bar is cool and hip. Funky and fresh to see something different. The have games and a quaint atmosphere. Huge drinks and cool people. A must see.
Absolutely love the food here, but unfortunately they don't take to go orders. I called this morning and the lady refused to let me place an order. It's the 21st century get with the program.
Great stop for those taking the light rail on their way to an event downtown!
LOVE this adorable little coffeehouse! The drinks are delicious and the salad/sandwich options are divine. If I am in the mood for a yummy, interesting lunch, this is where I go.  Also, the prices are very reasonable for the quality of the food. And definitely try the biscotti!
Why does this place have such good reviews? We drove through and the order was wrong. No flavor whatsoever. Everything was very very plain. Not impressed. I wouldn't recommend it. I am a bit bummed at the wasted food and money.
I like the idea of Cafe Kopi, but the drink are less then impressive. On the plus side, there's ample seating!
Nothing special, I expected more form this place. If I was taken on a date to this place there would not be a second date.  I've had beater food, better  and beater service, then this place. the only good things was the beer and time wasted at a decent costs.
This was a really fun time, zipping around the desert like Mad Max. Like other reviewers said, they have maintenance issues. One buggy in our group broke down and had to be replaced early on. Another one had a wheel break off.
This isn't the worst one I've been to in Charlotte but definitely not the best.  I had to toss my own ceasar salad(no modifications either).  Not the way things should go when paying $7 for a salad.  At least it was Tuesday and a free kids meal was included.
Overrated place. Not great for the money
Phone rings for minutes without any answer. If you do get an answer, expect to be put on hold for at least 10 minutes.  When calling about whether an item is in stock, don't trust the answer you are given.
5 stars for price.\n3 stars for cleanliness\n1 star for layout...odd aisles, difficult to navigate...feels overwhelming. \nI keep going if that says anything. :)
Went in with a friend who wanted to meet here.  I've never been a fan of SBX, truly the MCDs of coffee.\n\nSave the money, either buy good grounds to make your own cup or go to Circle K for a slightly better coffee at half the price.
DONT DRINK MIXED DRINKS HERE!!  Weak and watered down. Did not get food.
I agreed with the other reviews. Those guys are liars. They gave me a freeway route from the airport to Strip, and required me $30 + tips. Never take the cab.
Had the summer berry salad with chicken and it was delicious! My only complaint is that the large salad was not that large and $16 so it is a bit pricey but everything on the menu looked so good, I can't wait to try more!
Excellent fresh food, great prices. The shawerma was very good! We are definitely coming back.
Excellent local breakfast restaurant. Too bad it's only open on the weekends.
The most Fabulous Tea Room and experience I have ever taken part in!  Wonderful service, excellent food.  The tea and coffee were both excellent and the scones are to die for.  Very affordable, reservation recommended.
We have eaten take out many times from here and the food tastes pretty good. Orange chicken is good but not the best. \nThe curry is really delish.
Roomy, modern rooms and fun pool and hot tub. Great alternative to smoky old strip hotels. Moderately price.
I came here for dimsum. My friend loves this place so I tried... 3 times. I want to like this place but quality is just not there. Oil tasted stale, steam are ok. I will not go back again, or recommend. I am done!
best freakin burger ever!!\nbest soda machine ever!!!\na must eat!
Philly's is your basic, no-frills sports bar. It is nothing to swoon over, but it is laid back and a fun hangout spot.  The staff was nice too, and it was actually really refreshing to not be surrounded by a bunch of Scottsdale a-holes.
Love this place. I don't particularly shop here, but I do love to stroll through on my way to the Rhumbar. They've got just about everything for everyone. Better than Crystals as it is less pretentious IMO.
My visit to this trader joe's was perfect. It must be a nation wide thing at trader joe's to only have awesome employees but everyone was so nice and helpful.
ALL of the food is AMAZING here!  Seating is split between the bar and the sit-down dining room.  There is video poker, shuffleboard, big screen TV's displaying all the current sports games, AND you can watch kids playing live ice hockey on the attached rink.  So fun :)
The jambalaya is great, they can make it as spicy as you like. Paired with a Purple Haze....didn't want to leave.
Carne asada and Cochata are both solid tasting. My only complaint is that 1 burrito (regular, not XL), and 1 taco run $10, then a drink on top of that and you go up from there.  Friendly staff. Worth a try.
Ichiza is so good!\nThey have a huge selection!\nI especially love their egg & tuna sald and beef curry.\nI'm telling you it's the best curry in town.\nIt's a must to try out this place
We won't be back all the nurses just talk crap behind your back. Kids will be kids. If they don't like kids they shouldn't be in that career field! We will never return again! Only took my daughter there for dr ojha.
I hated this hotel! Employees are so snotty!! And guess what you need to be dressed up to dine in the breakfast area. .... for real?!?! Not coming back here.
.........
great food. not too much selections tho.. but overall good experience
Four stars for delicious margaritas and cornbread.\nI wasn't a fan of the mexican food here, to be honest.  I did enjoy the pork tenderloin stuffed with sausage though!
It's not the worst option for fast food style airport food. They have veggie tacos that provide reasonable portions and nice scoops of guacamole. The rice is awful and the salsa is more like pizza sauce. Although it's affordable and quick.
I went a third time to this restaurant with friends from out of town and was so happy! I love it here! MUST GO! for everyone. Highly underrated!\n\nI had the duck magret with cranberry sauce, it was exceptional!
Lizzie is an AMAZING stylist. Service is good, and I like the variety of products offered. Great rewards program too!\n\nI recommend making an appointment for services. They offer a variety of services for hair, nails, and waxing.
Your average step-above-Waffle-House type of place. Yummy breakfast menu.
I had the Pad See Ew.  It was pretty mediocre - too sweet, slight burnt taste and not very flavorful.  Food presentation was lousy, just dumped on the plate without garnish.  Service was indifferent, even though there were few customers.  There are much better and still authentic Thai restaurants in town.
It takes the cured pork fat and rubs it all over its body.  One of the best meals of my life apart from the slow wait staff.
Great Classic Burger and an old time diner feel! Can be a bit inconsistent with over cooking the patties at times, but overall great job.  Love the unique chili and egg toppings and choice of skinny or fat fries.
happy hour is wonderful  5-7  but the dinner atmospher is too noisy....accustics are very poor and lighting is not atmospheric....but the food is very good and very, very expensive.\n\nwe find that we don't win very well at that casino
We went there once and would never go back. There are too many good restaurants in Madison to waste your time here. My wife got the salmon and it was disgusting, I'm fairly certain it was frozen and simply reheated.
This place sucks so much. Ordered street tacos, meat tasted like canned beef and the tortillas tasted like cheap store bought. Will never go back.
This place is a dump. Very dirty and grimy. The tables and seats are not clean. The waffles were ok. Nothing special. I would not go here again.
Heck yes! \nGreat food, great price, I saw the reviews on yelp so I decided to check it out. \nI wish I lived near this place.
Pharmacy staff is rude and has poor customer service. They wasted my time by misadvising me twice and costing me gas and time. Back to walgreens where you're treated like a person!
It's a nice store, very clean, but over priced.
Yawn.  We arrived early, and the music was decent.  Then, the DJ started flipping the song every 30 seconds.  Both times I have visited they did this!  So irritating.  Will never go back unless forced.
When I'm craving a good plate-lunch, this is where I end up. Curry Chicken Katsu is my go-to item.  \n\nTheir portions are very large, so the mini is always plenty of food.
I wasn't lucky but that aside the burger I had hit the spot.  For 3:15am I was impressed in the food quality.  The plus for Mr. Lucky's is that its open 24/7 and serves booze.
The place is brand new and still really empty. We are always seen right away, sometimes before I'm done with the paperwork. Amazing staff!
Super-helpful sales people, great service, but can sometimes offer a limited selection. Great place to go if you can be flexible with what you're looking for!
I tried the Berry Crepe, it was ok, nothing special. They charge me $1.50 for a cup of plain Tap water.
well i dont know whats up with the gb we have gone to this place at least a dozen times every visit but one time on a sunday has pretty much been average this last sunday was a hugh dis appointment. gb get your sh%$t together
Just had the best pizza I've had in along time.  We had the special and ate every bite even after eating all of the fresh bake bread and salad we were served.  It is so nice to have a great place to get good pizza!
Quick, friendly and competent. Decent sandwiches and a nice salad bar that has hummas as well as 6 soup options!\nNot a top shelf deli, but beats fast food handily.
I was so impressed with the chicken tacos and the shrimp en fuego! Super flavorful and fresh and the staff was friendly! The only downside was my to go bag was falling apart from the leaking sauces
Beyond awful. Slow. Boring. Not even great singers? I fell asleep to a guy droning on and on and on about some lame and cheesy \"Christmas story\". I left early- thank The Lord!!! What a waste of money. So bad it was funny. Seriously, don't bother.
A note to the girl eating behind the counter, besides disgusting the customers, the health code regarding these issues is meant to protect you from putting the filth from the money you are touching into your mouth. Also, being out of tacos on taco Tuesday is just wrong. Especially with the new competition in town, that got my money tonight..
Best ribs ($30) that I've had in Phoenix thus far, hands down. It's even better than Bobby Q's (much less fat on the Hillstone ones). The french fries and coleslaw that come with it are of equal quality and bursting with flavor.  Loooooove!
My money was really well spent. I just wish there are more restaurants like this. This place is a real gem for Southwest LV.
Because the bathroom was locked and no one was around to help, decided to get my stuff at Walgreens instead. Don't know why I still come into CVS stores....always disappointed.
This place has the best grass fed beef around. And they take pride in all that they sell. We have not had a bad piece of meat from here.. flavorful beef!  A little pricey but that's because of their wonderful products.
We had 2 breakfasts here during our stay at the hotel.  Very good both times.  I especially enjoyed the eggs benedict with perfectly cooked hash browns.  Thumbs up for the hollandaise sauce they serve.. good prices too.
Pretty darn good! I like the chipotle chicken sandwich. When I feel like not eating meat I get the chipotle chicken without the chicken and bacon and just make it a chipotle avocado sandwich :) it's Amazing!
I've never been a big fan of BK, I have held pretty true to my Micky Ds however the chicken fries with multiple dipping sauce options are a great snack.  They are always advertising apple fries for the kids but this location never seems to have any in stock.
Ive ordered from here on 3 different occasions.  Ive had some issues regarding the service but the owner, Scott contacted me and made good on his pledge to make it right.  On the next order, the food arrived in 38 minutes and was hot.  Much better job this time around!   If this service keeps up I will ordering more from here.
hey fate.  you were better when you were that hole in the wall on university called lucky dragon.\n\n\nboo.\n\nnastiest food ever.
Early bird special Sun thru Thurs from 5pm till 6pm, $11.95. Ichiban! DO NOT RECOMMEND ANYTHING ELSE AFTER 6PM.
They do pretty good work but aren't negotiable to do extra work on the side when insurance is paying. They make promises and don't keep them and are all about the money and no customer service
Very good. The waiter was very helpful and friendly, and the food was great. Our table had the fish and chips, shepherds pie, shrimp salad and their equivalent of french onion soup. Everyone tried everything and everyone was very pleased. Good drink selection. Would recommend coming here.
I tried the wanton soup again, even though it's always gross.  I probably did this because I'm retarded.  But surprise, it was actually good!   Go figure
Excellent service.  We ended up being here on a business dinner for 3.5 hours!  The waitress knew when to leave us alone and when to come by - perfect pacing!  It made the evening a success.  I wouldn't order the Ahi Tuna Salad again due to the small portion size but, other than that, everything was perfect.
If you're craving BBQ, come here!  They even serve drinks in cute mason jars.  I'm from the south so I love the southern charm :)
Great happy hour... Half price drinks and apps! Highly recommend Orange Blossom beer and spinach dip!
Inedible noodles, canned fruit, underdone chicken... Avoid this place.
Reasonable prices, food good,  good selection for  such a small place.\nDefinitely recommended.
Large variety
One of my favorite pizza joints in town. The cinnamon twist are to die for . there's never a problem with customers service.  I love that they have multiple choices for vegetations. and multiple sauces white and red. I LOVE it. Not the same boring pizzas all the time.
Our group had a wonderful lunch experience. Melissa was a great server, meeting our needs before we asked. The food came out quickly. The food was hot and flavorful.  Definitely will return.
I popped over to the Mandarin Bar after dinner. Great spot, wonderful view, nice vibe and delicious Lychee Smash cocktail. Service is okay, bar nuts are passable, but views and did I already say... wonderful Lychee Smash, is priceless.
They lost my reservation.  Luckily they had a crap table for 2.\nFood was good,  staff need more training as well.
Blue must be the official color for delays, as I never am able to get to my destinations on time for the few times I have to use this airline.
Excellent. Fresh and yummy!
Decided to try dim sum today at China King and am sort of disappointed. Pretty much everything was luke warm to cold in temperature. Was more expensive than Phoenix Palace or Great Wall, but I will give them the fact the restaurant is cleaner and well kept as far as decor is concerned.
We have been once and would go back.  It's vegan, moderately priced, portions reasonable and you leave with a) no leftovers and b) feeling healthy and unstuffed.
Their protein pancakes with egg whites were amazing great service , their southwestern bowl is also one of my favs \nWould recommend this place to everyone
The food was very good. I saw it once and decided to try them out. I must admit it was a good choice. The price reasonable and the selection is great. I will be stopping by again, that's for sure.
Love dining at Lucille's.  Had the tri-tip and pasilla pepper sandwich.  Sandwich could have used a little more meat.  Very tasty tho.  Good service.
This place used to be our favorite place to go. But for months the service/food has gotten progressively worse. Not to mention the music they play on the weekends makes you want to run out the door. Sad to see a place with great food (when it opened) and a great location go down hill so fast.
awesome job for my son's cup cakes
tasty food and good size portions, homemade presentation and flavor.
Worst customer service of any paint store I've ever been in as I'm standing here being helped the guys goes into the back and started calling people.
Need more flavors and our malts came to us pretty much melted. The service was good. Old fashion pink atmosphere . Some arcade games with tokens/ tickets.
Slow as crap. But the sub is always good!!!
Love this place.  Ask for Shane he is awesome.
The ruben was above average and the rootbeer float uses rootbeer they make themselves right onsite! This is a great place to take the kids. I'll be back soon.\n\nP.S. The cottage cheese is fantastic.
For two dollars, you get what you pay for. The theater is pretty clean, but a bit musty with that 'old theater' smell. The seats a pretty comfortable. The real minus is that there are some fairly noticeable imperfections in the middle of the screen, like someone splashed it with a cola.
I chose New York Chinese Restaurant because it was the closest Chinese Restaurant my gps pulled up at the time and man did I luck out because I absolutely love  this place! Its great food/service/portion size  all for a more than reasonable price! I constantly have my order delivered & have not once been unsatisfied with the service.
The valet situation here is a joke. Their structure is full of spots reserved for the valet, but not nearly enough for self-parking. And the valet dudes do not know to direct traffic when their valet pull-in spot gets full. WTF??
A nice store with great, quality items and a pretty friendly staff.  The layout is okay, but not necessarily that impressive...this is one of the smaller stores and not a flagship so not all items are available here, although one can find most of the items one would expect here.
The best way to spend ur summer in the desert!  The views were gorgeous!  Bring plenty of water, sunscreen, and a hat!  I enjoyed my first experience tubing with my girlfriend and friends.  I will definitely recommend everyone to try river tubing AT LEAST one time!!!
Love this place is starches my shirts better then anyone else and always has timely service
Horrible Customer Service!
Good prices, great selection and a friendly staff... What more can you ask for?
Tuna sandwich was gross. Couldn't finish it. Caesar salad was even worse. They put sauteed mushrooms in it? So weird. Overpriced too.
Best burger I have had in years.  Try the Ronin...cooked to perfect with through the roof flavoring.  Absolutely love the soft bun.  Would have given 5 stars but the service crew are slow and unorganized.
Good crepes that change regularly and the coffee is really good.  It is a bit of a hipster spot but the coffee is totally worth it.  Did I mention the coffee is good?  Seriously, get the coffee.
I would have to say this is one of my favorite spots to eat at. The curry is absolutely amazing and delicious. Check them out it will be worth your time everything there is fresh and the people are very nice.
It was ok not great not terrible.  However they forgot about me in my booth so I sat unattended for about 20 minutes.  The massage lady kept coughing but I won't hold it against her although a few times she didn't turn her head and I caught some of it.  Very large facility.  I wish they focused more on the feet.
Zipps is my favorite place to watch a game, get a beer especially during football season.\n\nI recommend the medium golden wings and a 32oz domestic.\n\nThey have the best happy hour and daily specials around.
Great place to grab some slices for lunch or to get a whole pizza for whatever. \nThe toppings are great, perfect amount of sauce, and always extra cheesy. \nThey have great specials for slices and the rest of their menu. \nGood choice for a casual pizza place in Tempe.
Best donuts ever! Seriously, they're better than Krispy Kreme... and they're vegan?! That's nuts.
I've been here a couple times while in Vegas.  I've had a great meal and an \"OK\" meal.  The \"OK\" meal was closer to the end of the night so maybe go earlier?  I also drank a lot more during the meal I remember as being great - 3 stars is a safe bet.
Galleria mall is the last decent locals mall.
Now open for lunch.........
4 processes later and ruined hair. What was I thinking. Spend the money and go to someone who will do the right and who will listen. The teachers at this school need teachers!!!!
I'm flying United Express and my flights delayed.   Nothing new.  99% of the time during my three trips to Wisconsin ONLY one time my flight was on time.
Atmosphere is nice, but I was disappointed with the quality of the food. I ordered the Halibut dish, and the fish was over cooked and had almost no taste. The pear and gorgonzola salad was good. Even though my experience was not great, I think this place deserves another try.
Food is good. The prices are fair but could be more competitive to other restaurants. The place is very clean and the overall staff are helpful and friendly. The lady owner needs to be more friendly and smile. If she can't please hire a nice gal to take the orders. That will help your business grow.
The place has reopened under a new owner.  They have cleaned it up quite a bit.  Prices are good and I will be checking it out again.
Omfg! The best, simply the best in Thai cuisine. This is where the chefs go to eat.
Good  family place for a create your own meal. From burgers to shakes invent what you will.
I'm not a popcorn person but this is really good.
great music\ngreat food\ngreat hosts\n\nwhat more needs to said
Best performance we have ever seen in LV. Great voice.Great band. Very much interactive with the audience. Fantastic!
Love going to their \"all you can eat\" sushi dinner. At only $26 it is affordable and super yummy. The staff is super nice and the facility is clean. It always seems to be a bit slow, but I usually go around 5pm.
Cheap, chill, and a total dive. This place rocks.\n\nDefinitely the best place for day drinking on a lazy weekend afternoon out on the patio. Save this one for cool weather days.
Excellent wine list!  Great decor.  Food was great.  I was with a party of 8 and everyone enjoyed their choices.  Mushroom risotto was cheesy and delicious!  Recommended!
This is a great place to come if you're looking to have a drink and catch up with a friend. They offer food, none of which I've yet had the opportunity to try. However, they have Blue Moon on tap so they automatically win my heart in that respect. Nice place to lounge while having a drink. May visit again someday.
Love this place. Great dive with a popcorn machine-Holla! cheap ass drinks and cool as hell.
You definetly get your fill for the price. The flavors here are good but not great. Definetly worth it if you have a craving for Mediterranean and dont want to fix it at home. Not bad though. Will give it another shot when I get another craving. Lol
Slow unfriendly service. Desert area of buffet was never stocked and was dirty.  I ordered the wings and the wings were TINY.
Horrible horrible horrible horrible I want my money back Rebeca destroyed my hair I look horrible I paid to get my hair styled she couldn't even do that. My advice don't go here they will destroy your hair.
I'm from California here in Champaign on business and gave this place a try. The sliders were delicious and full of flavor (had the BBQ one and one with pineapple) and they had a great selection of beer. I'll give it try again tomorrow for some of the sliders.
Chipotle is one of the chain restaurants I like. It's better than Moes in my opinion. I always get the barbacoa burrito. It fills me up. Outdoor seating is nice. I flick the begging birdies grains of rice and it makes them happy.
This place is full of deutche bags and the bouncers are horrible. One of them pushed my girlfriend then threatened to stick his finger up her p**sy! Never, ever, ever again!!!
This was just outstanding.  What a great environment, super wait staff, and an amazing menu - though not extensive, I wanted to try almost everything on it - so the quality is there - and the food is just excellent.  Highly recommend it and definitely make reservations - it is clearly a hot spot
Disappointed.  Small portion for the money.  Tortillas were hard and cold.  And our server was too busy flirting with 60 something old ladies.  He didn't even offer to refill my soda.  I even had to go find him to pay.   1 star is for the ok food.   Service would get a zero
Someone really dropped the ball with this store. The gimmick they are selling which is hot nurses in small clothes is missing; so the gowns and scale and special names are cumbersome.  I walked out as soon as I felt the depressing atmosphere. I guess I didn't want a hamburger after all.
I found this place close to my work, I hand dragons breath frys and Thai red curry flat bread I must say this is defiantly some of the best food I've ever had:) I will be back again and again. The customer service was great I'll defiantly recommend this place to friends :)
Dave Markus is an asset to American Family. He will do what it takes to take care of his customers. He is a great teacher, knowledgable resource and a gunuine person. His staff is quite resourceful and always available. Thank you AM FAM for the excellent service.
we went tonight and it was great. we were seated right away. the ambiance is modern but not too stuffy. the prices are not overwhelming and food was some of the best i have had since i have been here in CLT. Our whole meal for two with two apps and desert was $45 not bad.
best service I have ever experienced at a restaurant! I would defiantly recommend trying it out
Great food and great service by Donna! It was our first time here so we got a free muffins!
Jim and Tabitha are excellent bartenders!! The Wednesday comedy night is a great time and the food is pretty good and priced just right.
Loved the Short Ribs Benedict!
This place is wonderful. They would have gotten five stars but the salsa was not too wonderful. The owners are super friendly though and the dinner was great. Had chile rellenos the first time and a vegetarian burrito the second. The burrito was gigantic!
Kevin is a really great showman. Funny, like able, and throws a show like a party animal. If you are looking for fun, go see this hilarious performer.
Nice rooms, small tvs
The man working there was very nice, but the food was not.
Love the food. Plus I accidentally left my credit card and they called and held it for me until the next day. Great customer service
Worst grocery experience ever. We came in and spent a substantial amount of money. The manager on duty med to heavy built with a buzz style hair cut was very rude. Hello walmart,  if you have these kinds of people running your establishment you are going to fight a loosing battle.
Disappointing. Although the service was good, the rooms were dirty. Found a pair of underwear sitting out in the open from the previous guests and the staff wasn't very apologetic about it.
After all our friends had told us to try out Texaz, we finally did. We both ordered, and it wasn't bad! What they forgot to mention to us was that they all had the chicken fried steaks and LOVED them. Guess we'll have to get that next time. Very friendly staff.
We LOVE Shangri La! I have been wishing for years for an \"authentic\" Chinese restaurant and finally here it is! We've been twice so far and both times the food was awesome, this'll be our new weekly ritual!
Price is very helpful for me as family trip.
Not as big as the Wynn. Same decor. Rooms are also very nice. They also have XS nightclub and the Beach Club. Botero is an excellent restaurant. Casino is a bit smaller than the Wynn. I prefer staying at the Wynn.
I'm obsessed with Gold's Gym. They have the best group fitness classes with super motivating instructors.\n\nI've never been to gym with staff and trainers that seem so genuinely interested in helping members meet their fitness goals.
Bad service! First hookah was leaking and the guy still have it to us Worst service I have ever received kept calling the guy. Hookah had been harsh for a good while. Never saw the guy again since we walked in
Great spot for a quick lunch. There is only seating available outside, so the summer months may not make this an ideal spot. The burritos are huge, too! Get the green chili burrito mixed with beans enchilada style...trust me..it was a great suggestion .passed on to me.
They came out and were very upfront and honest and fixed things as soon as possible.
Very small selection of rolls, very I competent staff. I wanted a roll with salmon inside and outside and they offered me Philadelphia. But rolls were ok, seems like a typical Chinese all you can eat sushi place.
The hotel is new and we had a 2 bed sky suite with strip view. the wkd we were there the hotel was very full bc EDC wkd so they were very busy. The pool area is ok however the restaurant is pretty legit
Very cool joint! We went to watch the walking dead Season 3 premier and enjoyed the theater. We def will be back weekly! Another plus is Cut Throat on draft.
Bad service,hostess who cares more about herself, and inattentive staff make this a must avoid! Bar cannot make a standard manhattan. Hamburgers were ok and the fries were only lukewarm....
Really bad food ... Good service though... Saltine crackers are the best food here
This place is horrible. Donuts are always stale. Coffee always tastes burned. Staff is rude. I never have a good experience here. Worst dunkin donuts I have ever been to.
Came at night for the club...good music, sexy ambiance, lounge booths to hang out in, I LOVED the decor. I had a good time and really liked this place I would come back. Helps we were able to get in for free...
Best Pizza I have had in Nevada.
Great food and good prices, not a big fan of Bbabaganoush normally but here it is awesome.
Best burger I had, anywhere.
Ok if your not picky. \n\nNot the cleanest place. Price ok. Atmosphere is the typical all-u-can eat setting. \n\nPersonally, I'd skip this one...
it lives up to it's name. 360 degree breathtaking view and best of all you get to watch people fall pass the window while dinning. food is decent.
This place is fun and has great activities but there are workers there that are inappropriate. The manner in which they speak to children is terrible, as well as  inappropriately touch children as well. To me this is not okay. Please be careful at this place and watch closely if left alone with staff
I absolutely love this place.  The food, the service, and the view are all impeccable.  Outstanding for lunch dates.
Overpriced not very good way better steakhouses in Scottsdale. The service was also not very good.
Great atmosphere but the food is... weird.  I ordered a pancetta and arugula pizza.  It came as a pancetta pizza with a huge pile of raw arugula dumped on top.  I felt like I had to do some gardening in order to get to the pizza.  No cheese.  And then it cost 20 bucks.
This place was alright, my buddy and I went looking for a good meal and a couple beers and found an ok meal w/ nothing special behind the bar. I don't think i'll be going back to any of the chains. Pricing was about in line w/ what we got quality wise.
Worst fillet mignon I've ever had!! Medium does not mean charred and dry!! The soup of the day was alright, but nothing to write home about. Not going back.
Great service !!! Easy to make an appointment and try to book with Jill! She is super fast and very sweet!
I've been a member for over 3 years but this place has really, really gone downhill. The trash and mess isn't cleaned up until approximately 7 a.m., unfortunately, they're open 3 hours before that and the place is a pit. I just couldn't stand it anymore.
We had a great time. First timers to a yelp event as Cheech and Chong. Looking forward to what Yelp has to offer in the future!
I have been here once and tried the red velvet cake and it was great! If only they were open on Sundays too! :)\n\nWill definitely go again.
Went here tonight. I bought an ocean blue goblet. It was decent definitely not worth the $36 dollars. Decent place, just extremely pricey.
I am very sad that I agreed to eat here.  The food was barely palatable and my drink came out COMPLETELY wrong twice.  Service was acceptable, but in the end we paid $40 for the pleasure of crappy food and a generally bad dining experience.  Blegh.
The food was overpriced and not very good. The staff is rude, I ordered a sandwich with no peppers and it was smothered in peppers. I had been to the one on McKellips and was happy. The Country Club is somewhere I will never go again.
Excellent, fresh, amazing food every time!  Cozy hole-in-the wall deli and restaurant, served by friendly people who all speak to each other in Italian.
One of the top breakfast joints in the city. My only knock from 5 stars to 4 is the wait and lack of adequete seating while you wait. The food itself is awesome and the wait staff are always friendly and efficent. Love the iced coffee.
We stayed their this weekend and had a great time.  It isn't a place to hang out all day but as far as a great location, comfortable room, fair price, and great service, they did it.  Everything is new, neat, and clean, and everyone is very helpful and friendly.
Food is not so good , place is neat. There are some good dish though. I went on the pongal. There was sweet pongal on the menu- thoughtful . Papdi chat is good. Mango lasso was sour . The variety was not so gr8. Will not come again probably
Disapointing after a 20 minute wait. I had the \"Fully Loaded\" and the Smores. Neither was worth the wait. I was hoping the sandwich would bring home good family mories, which it did. It made me miss my mom's cooking which was much better.
I had a small dim sum starter that was 3 bites. Head cheese and stuff. Light, good, but not too flavorful. And a salad with eggplant, romaine, edamame, and house cheese. Not flavorful at all. Small. 10 dollars. Nothing to it.
Get the Thai chopped chicken salad and the chipotle chicken panini and all your  slightly spicy robust flavor cravings will be satisfied. I found that meal to have a very south American flavored Thai food feel haha!!! No that is not supposed to make sense its just fantastically delicious
Nasty disgusting food , whitewash Mexican yes real thing no way \nSalsa sucked , order enchilada style burrito bus was nasty.
ok so.. I'm obviously no thai connoisseur.. but I was really looking forward to a good peanut sauce with my Pad Thai.. Fail.
Keep looking. It's not even fair.
Awful experience, the food option is terrible. I should of gone with the reviews, but I still wanted to give it a chance anyways. I would NOT recommend anyone to try this place. Lack of service, food options, & quality of food.
I think most of these 5 star reviews were written before they actually went to the restaurant.
The food is consistently great.  Ask for the banana pastry :)
I love Emeril Lagasse's Table Ten.  This was my third trip and for the third time, I was not disappointed. Beef cheeks, OMG, the best thing ever!  Lobster spaghetti, OMG, the best thing ever!  Everyone in our party enjoyed this place.
The consistency of their drinks are always on point, the prices are cheap compared to most places. They have a big variety of drinks compared to the popular boba places in china town.
As much as I believe in sowing into my local community, it's difficult to support a business with a menu that is clearly over priced. The coffee was delicious, but at $4 a cup, I decided to have breakfast elsewhere. I hope this restaurant can make it in Providence.
The owner contacted me about my review and offered me a free sub card to make up for the veggie sub that I wasn't satisfied with. This was so incredibly professional of him. I will definitely give them another shot for that reason alone. It takes a very caring and professional owner to do something like that.
This jeweler was voted best of the valley!? I really do not see why. The salespeople are pushy and the selection caters to \"grandma\"
Last week we went for a quick lunch. Fish Tacos and Mahi Mahi entrees were fantastic. Even better, our server/bartender, Amber was a joy. Keep up the good work.
Good food, great drinks, lovely servers, \n\nNot happy with the change on the chees plate none the less  Love it there \n\nRelaxed enjoyable fun
Ate lunch there yesterday and it was pretty gross. My partner tried the new asian boneless chicken wings and when she opened the container to eat them there were two fries in the container, gross. Why serve a baked potato with vegetable oil spread instead of real butter?
We haven't been here in a long while.  Not impressed, most of the food is cold. Crab legs have no taste or just taste gross. \nTerriyaki chicken was dry as was the sweet &sour chicken, pork ribs too fatty. \nNot coming back.
This place is pretty good. Like the other reviewer said, a pretty good variety of bulk things. Spices, teas, a good selection of medicinal herbs, nuts and dried fruits.  Nothing organic, but other than that, no complaints. If you're looking for something, you'll probably find it here.
This joint is CLOSED permanently as I didn't see a MOVED sign.
Nice looking place and they seem to do good work but the substantial number of attempted up sells is unsettling.  Combine this with a generally rude and impatient cashier plus your typical uppity North Scottsdale crowd and I'd be hard pressed to return.
This place has terrible music and an obnoxious bald bartender. For an Irish establishment they sure don't have a good selection Irish drinkage.
The food is usually pretty good here, except this last time I ordered a patty melt, and it literally came out with the fixins of a regular hamburger on rye bread...?  The only buzz kill here is sometime the serivce gets slow when they are busy, they cannot handle a rush nor a full house.
the frozen hot chocolate is worth trying.
Taco Tuesday's here are the best, and their margaritas rock! Stale chips and watery salsa need some work, but all their other food is great.
good place to eat
Walked in and sat down last night.  There were only 15 other people in there. No one even acknowledged us or offered to be right with us. After 15 min of sitting at the bar with not even a drink order taken.... We left and went to john cutters.
The service was great and the food was good. The owner was very friendly and made us feel very welcome as tourists. It was nearly midnight and he was still upbeat and hospitable.
The wait was only about 10 minutes, however there was no reason there should have been a wait, there were about 20 empty tables.   The food was less than average and more than average price.   And it took over 25 minutes.    We won't be back.
Awesome beers on tap - solid food & menu.\n\nWhat's their unique factor? \n*They offer 1/2 pint pours of many of their beers.\n*Really crispy crusts & breads.
Unassuming Mexican food.  Has all the usual dishes and some specials.  The food is decent, inexpensive and the staff is friendly.  If you need your fix, it's as good a find as anything else.  It's a good lunch option, as they have lunch specials and service is generally pretty fast.
I ordered thank you flowers for my boss and Dan was awesome. Very lovely people with gorgeous arrangements. Our transaction occurred by phone (as I am in Los Angeles) and he couldn't have been more lovely. I highly recommend this business for all your floral needs in the Charlotte area.
Blah. Since they raised their prices I do not go to Sweet Tomatos anymore. You now have to pay $2.50 for a drink plus the $10 for the meal. Its a rip off. The salads are good but anything else is nothing special.
Yummy lunch buffet! Lots of different foods and vegetarian options. This only my second buffet in Vegas but there's a good chance I will be returning my next trip! Warning: the sushi doesn't come out until 12. So be prepared to sit if you get there early!
Overpriced, 3.99 for a glass of milk or ices tea. I ordered drinks and after I saw the price didn't order food. Try something else. I know Vegas isn't exactly kid friendly anymore but no kids menu, really?
I go here all the time (about 4 times a month) and i have never had a bad meal or bad service.
Gigantic portions, great breakfast.  The hashes are served in an iron skillet, and it is more than enough food for 2 people.  I also had a kiwi-watermelon lemonade, which was served in a huge glass and was very pretty since they layered the different flavors on top of one another.
Great coffee and tea, super close to home (southern highlands) and the staff is always happy and friendly. I'm a very loyal customer, proven by my many \"10th one free\" cards used. They also have some delicious food items to choose from. Inside you will find local art on display.
Terrible place.. Will never go again. Got attitude from cashier because I ordered 3 pizzas. (man said\" oh my god.. Really\") took forever to be delivered. And was severely over charged.. I give this place 10 thumbs down
Get that torta. Fresh bread. The best fries. Eat in so you can get the homemade chips. Make sure you pour the green sauce on the torta. Bomb! Sorry no pic. By the time I thought about Yelp, torta was gone.
Customer service was very poor. Maybe I came on an off day but none of the three attendants up front were very helpful today. Questioning if I ever want to go back now.
Good food, crap service. We were ignored and treated like our money didn't matter!  \nOnce they saw a credit card they decided to smile. Haha, no thanks. I've been coming to this place for years and it's just been slowly going downhill.
If you're planning a bachelorette party, Nicole and Marina are the best people to work with. They are super helpful and very responsive. The light group does a great job accommodating your budget and party size. I would definitely work with them again to plan my next bachelorette party!
This was our first experience, and we enjoyed it.  So much so we booked my daughters birthday party there.  \n\nIt will be interesting to see how different the experience will be in a party setting.
Great taco and burrito place.  Fun place to take the family and friends.  Can't wait to return to AZ to visit America's!
Went there a few times and everything was great. But recently, saw a fight between staff and customers, severely wrong order. What I got and what I ordered were not even imaginable as being accidental. There's a new Zaxbys in that area, go there instead.
Cool place to see the original Vegas. Usually have entertainment in the evenings in the center. Tonight was rollergirls, if you go make sure you stop at one of the casinos( Four Queens, Fitzgeralds, Fremont) to cool off and maybe get a bit to eat. Worth seeing.
They have hidden fees.  15 bucks for even slight status changes, 30 day wait periods, manager unavailable to talk to. Its easy to join, tough once you are a member
Great food, seafood fra diavalo, garlic romano fries, and their amazing house Italian dressing! Mark is a wonderful and comical server! We will be coming back again!
Yikes.  It just didn't hit the spot.  Maybe bechamel sauce isn't great with eggs but I just found the whole enchilada...I mean crepe...rather bland.
Disappointing this time. Food was average and service was below average. I've had great experiences in the past, but wait staff was more interested in their phones and conversation than taking my order or bringing my food. I probably won't be back.
We have always had positive experiences here. They have great customer service and prices are good too.
Roland & Lilly are my favorite! they are very cool, knowledgable and very professional!  The older white female manager needs an attitude adjustment and perhaps coaching in diplomacy & management! I only go in to shop when she's not there! otherwise, I would of rated higher.
Probably one of the most disgusting places I have ever eaten!! The place was filthy and the terrible food was way overpriced! How does this place stay in business??
Amazing food, it was the best egg drop soup, orange chicken, mongolian beef and the service was excellent.  I will definitely come back again and again.
It was good, service was friendly and fine.  I had the spanakopita, one of my favourite dishes and it was crispy and good.  Hubby had the gyro platter and it was decent.  We'll probably go back and try other items.
I love this place - the turkey burger, fries, and shakes are delicious. It's nicely decorated and homey with fun trivia and riddles on the numbered cards they give you to indicate your order. I've never been disappointed here.
They have many items on the menu but I just can't get enough of #31 bahn mi!   Wash it down with a ice coffee and I'm a happy man.
Really bad service, crappy food that takes forever to get to your table, bathrooms were disgusting.\n\nYou have to get your own napkins and ask for silverware.
Outstanding food and drinks.
When buying cigars, this is the place to go. You can't find nicer and more knowledgeable people then Paul & Sarah!
Very good burgers, make sure u sit on the patio. The view of the pool is awesome! High quality beef in the burger & the mushroom burger is really good as well.
Nothing special. Truly a dive. Almost a dump. But nice people and ok food. Drove 27 miles to check it out because of the TV show. Wasn't worth it.
Gorton's in the toaster is better than this vile crap. They charge extra for their bad tartar sauce. Avoid.
Ray's Pizza is the best!!!!!
The best fried seafood in Vegas! The hush puppies and the Delish sauce are a must to order!
Well, back a few years later.... Same review \nWings are great, beer is cold and cool taps at table. Service is still WEAK. Bartender could not care less. Maybe a smile once and awhile? Goes a long way!
Ohhhh yeah, it's Saturday!!!  My favorite breakfast spot!!  I am in love with the wraps!  Even for breakfast!  I highly recommend  you try everything on the menu at least once, you can't go wrong.
After 3 years in Vegas this is my favorite restaurant, I love the spinach curry, tofu salad and curry pan. The prices are incredibly affordable, every time we come we are shocked to see how low the bill is. My kids love that they can pick a la carte.
filled with flies everywhere, not matter if it is in a nice area, it is still covered with flies.\nIt is zoo bad, it is on your food and walls and everywhere.
The sushi is good but the service could be better. If you're okay to wait, give it a shot.
Fantastic food.  Decent service.  The location leaves something to be desired.
Pizza is great here.  Always run into someone we know - glad to finally have a dinner place at Pavilions.  Prices are reasonable, and staff is mostly friendly.  Definitely a place that we frequent now.
Great Service. Always doing what they could to give us a better vacation. Food wasn't too great and the drinks weren't strong at all, but that pool doe  \nGiovanni your the man.
Worst cab driver ever. He took the long way from mccarren to the strip and when I called him out on it he told me that \"I ask too many questions\".  He also didn't take my luggage out of the trunk. I must say Vegas has the most grimiest cab drivers ever!!!
Terrible food,  the rolled tacos are so hard you can't bite into them. The guacamole is NASTY! Taste like it's expired. I also ordered a shrimp cocktail but have not tried it yet and at this point I don't really wan to.
My husband and I visited because we have never eaten Vietnamese food before. The staff was amazing! We met the chef, had Beef Pho and Shrimp Spring Rolls, everything was delicious and fresh. We will definitely be back!
The chicken fried steak and the ckam chowder are awesome wr found the servers to sweet and personable
I'm not big on chain restaurants. But i have to say this Macaroni Grill location was impressive. Service was prompt. Anything we wanted or needed was immediately given. Our waiter knew everything about the menu, and was very helpful.  The food was good. Restaurant was clean. Not a single complaint.
I thought my girl was crazy for insisting we stop here after a great meal at Comme Ca, but I obliged. We shared a slice of the white pizza. It was great, perfect crust and very tasty.
Keep it up!  Delicious!!  As New Yorkers, we were very skeptical but pleasantly surprised by the quality and taste of the food!!
One of the best Viet places I've been too! The wait time is kind of long, so wouldn't recommend it if you were in a hurry... but def worth waiting for! Their Pho is amazing
The worst part of moving from sd to Vegas was the lack of bomb mexi food.thank god tacos el Gordo followed me out here. I can continue to get gordo
Meh! A little pricy for ordinary bagels.
great n. y. style pizza!!!!! i would recommend that every one try this place out!
Fun great NEW bar to hangout at with friends there's 60 beers on tap lots of muisc on the junkbox TV's ect .. And the owner is a sweet heart heart.. U have to check this place out.. O.. And they have good coming soon in July
The service was good, but the food lacked flavor. It wasn't inedible, though. I ordered the French dip with a side of sweet potato fries. The other people in my party seemed to feel the same way about it.
Thoroughly underwhelming. Crispy overdone meat, mediocre quality of ingredients no unique flavor.  Bobby Flay's place across the street should not worry. The only spark of innovation they have is a hamburger that's well over a pound
Food is 4/5 no complaints, great menu.\n\nService can be a little slow, little rowdy environment at times (crowded, etc, dark, small bathroom). \n\nDeserts are best I've seen or had at a steak house.
RIP. You will be missed
I Always thought I lived in a good neighborhood. Then I visit Jack's here and find graffiti  carved into the tabletops? Food was pretty good for Fast Food so maybe I will use the drive thru next time.
Michelle King : equals : Rude. Cold. D terrible customer service skills.  Forewarning to all.   What a nightmare.  Just plain bad experience.
good food and good ambiance but their food, especially their drunken noodles are too oily. I even told their owner/chef but she kinda brushed my feedback aside. I like their food but won't go there too often because the food it too greasy.
Worst place for dry cleaning and laundry.  Do not take your clothes here.  The machines and detergent they use are cheap, which leaves odors in your clothes.  Go elsewhere. I now go to Perma Cleaners. Way better in my opinion!
There's tons of parking and this is close to where I live the hike is not amazing but its near west phx and the parking lot is big and safe. Not much to see but you can see it off the freeway and its really near the exit. You can mountain bike here.
People here are so nice. It's a small store but packed with so much quality products. Though they don't have a wide variety of one product, they have lots to offer for health conscious buyers.
Most unpleasant experience from very unprofessinal people.
I love this place! When I moved to Charlotte it was the first place I visited. The macaroons are the best!
I was expecting more here, nothing really to write home about much better burgers elsewhere e.g. Zinburger.
This was a great restaurant. I got the enchiladas and they were to my liking. I also got a margarita, I believe and that was prepared nicely as well. I would recommend this place and will be back.
Its gross! Their dim sum is nasty and hard! Their noodle soups are so so. Not that great.
Very good. Lots of great choices in yogurt flavors and toppings.
I would list off all the superlatives I know, but I think my vocabulary simply doesn't do this show justice.\n\nVoices were amazing; if you can appreciate great singing, this is THE show to see. A superb, 6-star performance that had me spellbound from beginning to end.
I went in there tonight and ordered a #1 SuperStar w/cheese combo, mentioned that I wouldn't mind the wait if they could cook my meal fresh. I received just the opposite a cold burger and old fries ... I was in a rush so I ate the horrible meal as is and left disappointed.
Item are cleaned and ready as scheduled, they offer inexpensive but quality work, and decent hours of operations.\n\nNote, there is a drive through for those of you with children!
5 stars because how cute is it that they put the little Angels logo on top of the cupcakes for Spring Training! So welcoming for us from out of town ! Red Velvet, Chocolate Marshamallow, and Coconut !
With over 200 different major stores they have great dining a huge outdoor mega screen and lots of events including daily fashion shows.
I decided to come back to this place and forget about my last experience. I tried the bistre encebollado for only 8 buscks! Great flavor, good service and no hairs on my food! Lol! I will def come back to this place !
Makes you feel special, offered us complementary limo service on our next trip, (we were staying at Sam's town, and they still offered the limo.) The lounge act harkens back to an earlier vegas style, and the food had great prices for proper portion sizes.
Loved the atmosphere and ladies' night special!
Great for meet with friends. Free wifi
This place was crowded even on a Monday night!  I had a wonderful time eating here. The skirt steak was definitely my favorite but the prime rib and the king crab were both crowd pleaser! They also have a nice selection of salad for all of you vegetarians. Minus one point for making me wait for souffle though! Boo!
I must say, I just got a new job and was looking to treat myself to a nice lunch and was not to impressed with the food. Especially at that price point. Yes the atmosphere was good and so on. But I would advise to stick to the drinks unless you are into hyped up scenes with no delivery.
Terrible, i mean TERRIBLE service.  this place is an absolute joke.  food is almost as bad as the service.  $4 for a tiny taco and no sides.  insane.  this place will be out of biz very soon.
Not so much a review because after 15 minutes and never getting talked to, getting menus ourselves and watching other people get their own water, we decided to go some place else. We ended up going to great wall just down the street. Which has great service and great food!
This place is ridiculously understaffed. We had to take our food to go and we live 45 minutes away. Cool atmosphere but wouldn't recommend it based on service.
Very nice decor and horrible food. I had duck salad can't even chewed it was so hard and overcooked.  \nCalamari salad was ok but calamari was cold.
They changed owners . The quality is quite different from when it first opened . The service is decent .
Nice non-buffet breakfast. Feels like a fancy cheese cake factory. Generous servings.
Went 2 this place about a mnth ago..really enjoyed the atmosphere,food & drinks ($5 martinis) ..awesome staff..I will b back when the weather warms up 2 Njoy the open patio!!
The drinks are delish, but the food is consistently terrible. I've eaten here 3 times and every time it's been bla, bland or just plain bad. Stick to the margaritas, never get the food.
I used to work at subway and I am very picky about my sandwiches, unfortunately. This subway is one of the only ones that makes appetizing sandwiches. They were a little distracted when I went but my sandwich was perfect and thats all that masters to me! Kudos!
The food wasn't very good. The Kalbi I ordered wasn't flavorful and it had tons of fat. The service was okay but the food was terrible to my standards. I tried the kimchi beef sandwich and it wasn't good at all.
great pizza. has deals for our apartment complex on wednesdays
I go to the dog park when I don't feel like driving down to chaparral. My biggest issue is lack of light at night. Unless there is a game at the field next door the dog park is pitch dark.
Atmosphere is fantastic. Service is even better.  Food is delicious and I highly recommend this adorable place.
Service is slow in the bar area. Not many people here either.  Bartender more interested in her phone. 40 min wait for two salads.
The worst customer service I have experienced in a long time! Go down the street to Starbucks. I won't make this mistake again.
The dim sum was decent but the selection was small. Price was good but all dim sum places should have good prices!
I was told by the intake person If you are trying to schedule an appointment and have ever been in an automobile accident AT ALL IN YOUR LIFE they will not see you. With all of the skilled doctors they supposedly have--whats the point?
Teriyaki chicken bowl is my favorite with the sauce soaking into the rice!  Always enjoying the yakisoba.  And their Chicken Katsu, can't be beat or can it!  And the Hawaiian fruit punch is a great addition.   The cashiers always smiling, with great service!
Chips and salsa are good. Great happy hr. specials
We came here for their happy hour. It was wonderful. Great food! The Italian fondue, bruschetta, and croquettes were all fantastic! We sat at the bar. The bartender, Trevor, was excellent. The look and feel of the place was very nice and comfortable. I cannot say a negative thing about it!
Air conditioning doesn't make it cold, there are vague stains on the comforter, and the guy next door coughing is keeping me awake. What a hell hole for sleep. Who cares if the Club Lounge food is ample if you're exhausted. Not good for business.
Good greasy slices and it is cheap. But they wanted $4-5 for fries which was odd.\n\nIf you want a cheap bite - slide in. Literally.
This is not the place for me. I would probably give them one star but I did have a soup here I liked. My gf likes the place. For me the food just wasn't good. I didn't like it.
Place has gone down since the owner isn't really around employees are just sitting and laughing and don't care about workers found a hair in my food very nasty cashier really didn't care!!!
Really was looking forward to trying those fiery mussels, but we're told the GM had decided to close the bar for the evening.  :(.  We always prefer sitting at the bar so we left.  Maybe we'll get there at another time.
I dont even know why I order anything from here. They never get my rather simple orders right, not once! The food is good but you know what would be better? Getting what I paid for.
Very busy Izakaya which subtracts from the quality of the food. Food isn't made with much attention. My yakitori came with bones in it. And splinters from the original grill. Since its so busy service was slow. Additionally the food is overpriced for the types of sushi cuts given.
Great & friendly staff who do top notch work :)
This show is not for everyone.  It is a strip club with acrobats.  Would recommend for couples.  I enjoyed it, but not my fav Cirque.
I love Mexican food and this does not even come close. If you are going to hang out with a group it is okay. There are so many other nice places. \n\nIf you are going for food you will be very disappointed. The name says it all!!!
We really enjoy the pizza from here.
what a surprise, very good pizza
Everyone is friendly & professional;  especially the two most important ie: dentist and hygienist.  Definitely recommend this office.
It's so sad cause this place is in such a beautiful ambiance ,  the atmosphere is wonderful... But the food is horrible...  But u can get a pitcher of margaritas for a good price!  So don't go there if you are looking for good food...
Truly an experience. The most delicious food. Every single thing we tried. Best ive ever had.
Love this place!!! Food is decent, Bloody Mary...amazing, very friendly people. Katie is my favorite bartender! And, great place to watch a sports game.
Finally we found a mexican restaurant worth going to. The salsa was outstanding and so was the food.  Service was quick but not rushed.  The best in all of Phoenix !!
1 star for huge margaritas\n1 star for inflatable palm trees\n1 star for beachy music playing\n1 star for nice, attentive, unpretentious bartenders\n1 star for patrons wearing Hawaiian shirts... in Wisconsin.
only thing i order here is the chinese chicken salad and it's good! everything else looks crappy though.....
They have a fast turn around and can get spots out as long as you tell them about them on drop-off. Staff is very friendly and prices are reasonable.
BOOOOO! That is the overall for this place. The food was no good, over done (I asked for medium), service was slow, and I could have eaten at a lot of other good places on the strip for the price.
AMazing love this place!!!! \n\nbeef bowl, agedashi tofu my usual orders!\n\ncant wait to go back
Always had great food, Try the clam chowder!!!
This is third time here, second time was so good.This is time bad sevice.dirty dish for salad.
I went in for a quick seafood soup, tom yum, I think it's called.\nThe broth was just too bland compared to the ones I've had at \nKrung Thai and Pin Kaow.  It was like water and it had a weird aftertaste.
I usually love this place but I went to get a gel pedicure and I told t he guy several times. However he didn't do it and wondered why I wasn't happy with the service. Maybe if he took time from watching the soccer game to do my feet I would've gotten better service.
Cute clothes, but never get any customer service while I'm shopping. Fitting rooms are never monitored, so girls take in 15 items at a time, then continue to switch out for other items. No one seems to care that customers wait 20-30 minutes for a fitting room.
Great service!!! Paul was excellent!!!
Hidden gem ! Excellent food ! \nThe grocery section has just about everything from frozen goods,miso paste to sweet cakes and of course ramen and asian snacks ! \nI think they make their own kimchi too !
SSSoooo \"chain\" restaurant. Generic, overly salted and way overpriced. I don't eat beef, so maybe that's why I don't get it (I ordered salmon).
The Super burrito is awesome! Will be returning soon.
Always good BBQ and friendly service, the kids enjoy eating here as well.
Simple great BBQ. Haven't been disappointed yet.\n\nPrefer this place much more than Joe's Real BBQ.
great thai fusion cuisine. very inventive and flavorful. great atmosphere and friendly service. definitely worth trying.
Overcharged on insurance not looked after by there so called \" customer service \" make sure to rent somewhere else and save yourself the troubles of dealing with them and there total lack of customer care
If you want anything vaguely leftist, this is the place to go. Labor history, environmental science, development, African-American studies, and so forth. Also, a good deal of history and political science relevant to lefty causes--even some fiction, but I didn't spend any time in that section.
Can do way better. Service sucks. Definitely needs to be cleaned up way more. It's pretty ghetto, here. Definitely don't gamble here
Great tasting lamb gyros, good service and reasonable price. What else could someone ask for in a mall? If you're looking for something different, tasty and quick give them a try.
Last week I revisited RM for the first time in a long while. I was quite impressed w/ the updated, fresh new look. Its sexier with tons more visual texture. They now serve regular entrees and they were great! No more over-priced, tapas-wannabe!! Yipeee!
My favorite place to park in Vegas. Great location, everything else is decent but good. The pool is ok, the rooms are ok. Nothing fantastic.
Best Starbucks inside Mandalay Bay. Located between the restaurants and Convention center. They are also stocked with plenty of food and goodies, so it's a great stop for morning or afternoon, if you want something with tour coffee and tea!
Definitely a place to see and be seen in the Cosmopolitan. Great drink menu for those of the hard liquor bent. Not so good for the beer drinkers.
Great sandwiches & fast service. The few times I've gone there's always been a line, so you know it must be good! A new favorite lunch spot for our office.
Only been here for breakfast, but we keep coming back!\nGreat food, great service!\n\nCan get busy on weekends, FYI :-)
Im not sure what all the hype is about.  I had food that im pretty sure I can make better at my house.  Food is okay. Would rather go to Butterfields.  Note there is no patio and I'm pretty sure my server was hungover.  The corned beef hash was from a can not house made.
This Starbuck's is super slow & overpriced compared to the others. They don't take gift cards due to \"technical difficulties.\" I'd recommend finding another Starbuck's on the strip. Worst Starbucks to visit!
Absolutely the best Italian I have had in a lot of years. The waitress was attentive but not over powering. Would definely come back here if I'm ever in the area again
Totally cool atmosphere with talented, helpful, staff. Food is amazing with great flavors.  Large portions and prices totally reasonable.  Will definitely go back. Fun friendly cool. Chef Tony knows how to work a kitchen
Not as good as the old Dotty's. You know the one. The one they had to tear down. Maybe it wasn't that good and I'm just being nostalgic, but the new one just feels more like an Applebee's. Although their cheese curds are slammin'.
Great little place; convenient location, nice people watching, and good coffee.
Nice place to be.  My kids enjoy walking around occasionally.  The butterfly exhibit is fun.  They also put on a nice Halloween event for kids, complete with a pumpkin patch, hayride, petting zoo, games, etc.  Getting a culture pass from the library to get 2 people in for free is fantastic!
Jeff was great! I called him in the morning to see if he could change the locks on my house. He was able to fit me in by that afternoon (despite the fact that there was major flooding!). He was quick and super friendly. I will use him again.
This was a solid meh. It's not a place I would choose on purpose, but I would not say no if someone else wanted to go.
This guy is a scam artist!! Save yourself from going through this nightmare .He's had my car for 3 months everything's been paid for and is not even fixed!
It is so unhealthy and gross! the chicken there isn't even real. YUCK!!!
Love this place. Their Toasted Subs are always great and the customer service is amazing. I hate Sub Shops but this place is great. I use to go to the one in Tempe all the time. Now that this one is so close to me I will be able to have me a White Widow Blunt more offten.
Every time we go eat there, it is always amazing! The staff is always very friendly and they are super quick. If you are in a hurry for lunch, they will get you in and out quickly. Their delivery is very fast as well. You can't go wrong with this place!
The drinks are good but the service could use some polishing.
This place needs to hire more workers! The line is so long every time I go in here with my gf to buy cloths and always ended up leaving without buying anything.
Some of the best pizza I've ever had.  Found this place while in Las Vegas after searching yelp for the best pizza in las vegas.
Ok, I didn't like this place, but my husband did.  So, split vote!
Excellent pizza, great wings, I dare you to find a nicer couple of guys anywhere than the owners here.\n\nRay's is about as Arizona as cactus and rattlesnakes and after nearly 35 years of eating this brand, it still is just about untouchable- top 5 in the state, time after time.
Great customer service. Very attentive. No frills. No pressure. I had a tune up on my bike. They hit the splash guard with something whole adjusting it which banged it up a little bit. That was the only bummer from the whole experience. I will definitely go back.
$25 worth of trash. Look at the picture. We waited in line for 30 minutes to get nasty hamburgers some lame chicken french fries that were soggy all in the container here's the real show
I love love love this place! I lived in tucson and would get my oil changed when I came up here. I'm a girl that knows nothing about cars and I feel like they're very sincere and won't try to get you to add stuff you don't need! And they're very quick!
Good place, good atmosphere.  Many customers, busy, yet welcoming.  The waiter was friendly.   The menu is appropriate, varied.  I wish waffles were offered in the kids menu.  My son wanted and I paid for an adult portion, which is a good size.   However, a bit too much for my son.
Went there only to be told that anything I ordered would be microwaved. They had just cleaned the grill and didnt want to get it dirty. They are a 24 hour business so exactly how long would they want to keep the grill clean? Will not visit this location again.
Mediocre. Better than Five Guys, not as good as In n Out.
This place sucks! Literally the worst food I've paid for in the 26 years I've been on this earth. Skip this place - anywhere is better. Trust me.
I LOVE the lunch specails here... Panang Chicken is my favorite mmmm mmm And you can adjust your spice level, I always have to tone it down just a little on the spice!!
Thank you Crescent Ballroom for your gallo blanco influenced al pastor burrito stylings, the pairing of homemade ginger beer and brown, and your small - I could be somewhere other than Phoenix it is so cool - venue.
The salmon tacos are awesome. My coworkers and I are here every Friday without fail. The special drinks are great. I like the mint lime.
Food and service was good, a little pricey but id def go back and bring a few friends!
Pretty good food, hard to communicate with staff, language barrier. Love the food here, never too busy.
Great local place to meet a friend. Baristas very nice. Only huge downside is the food-there are no healthy choices. It is all sweets and carbs. I wouldn't recommend spending an afternoon studying or reading here if you are a healthy eater. Please some Apples or something!!!
The place is clean the beer is very cold and the staff friendly!   A great place to grab a beer before you go to the movies next door!
Only because you can get \"The Gambles Special\" (off menu) for $9.99.\nTIP: avoid bringing your date here and scarf down alone: this is a solo no frills filling station.
Clean salon, very friendly staff. Everyone speaks excellent English which made my (elderly) mom feel comfortable. Decor is plain, but gel mani-pedi (with one nail fix) was detailed, not rushed, and very professional.
This place can be a real crapshoot.\n\nSomedays the wings are excellent and some days they come out horrible. \n\nMore often than not the wings are above-average but that's not saying much. I wish I could give it more stars.
I love this place because the pasta is always very very very hot.
Service has always been horrible for the past couple years, even when it used to be tea planet. The good boba never makes up for it and their slow staff.
Excellent food, drinks and service, can't wait to return.
Staff is always very friendly!
I have two gripes.  They don't tell you the price immediately. Sometimes I have waited 30 minutes to find out.  The worst thing is the waiting room.  NO TV.  In this day and age everyone should have a TV especially for sports and news.  I have complained numerous times since I have been a customer since it opened.
The salmon sushi is quite good. The service was acceptable, if a tad slow. The seafood hibachi entree was a disappointment. Overcooked crab and shrimp, flabby clam, but tasty scallops.
Portions here are large! The burgers are huge. The double cheese burger is big and tasty, the mushroom burger is tasty but a little too messy! The fries are good as well. The friend who ordered the peanut butter shake raved about it. All in all a good value for the price.
First time here....and Im sure it won't be the last!
Over all great food and drinks. Waitress are nice which is a plus!
The interior and exterior design is inciting. They play music videos: country, rock, 80's, a little of everything - at least when I was there. The food and service didn't stand out. Basically the usual gourmet American food. There wasn't really anything exciting about it or unique but the restrooms were nice.
The service was very slow. We had to wait 15 minutes just to get water. And then another 20 for our meal!\n\nFood was pretty good. Bulgogi was on point. If I were to come back, I would have that they would up the ante in terms of speed and staff.
Sat at the counter and the manager was yelling at the help for most of our visit.\nFor me this spoiled the experience\nThe food was good, but I won't be going back as I like at little serentity with my food
Food is ok, but not worth waiting in a line 15 people deep. You would think they would figure out scheduling to get the line down during meal times. Also pretty skimpy on the servings unless it is lettuce!Long wait, terrible\nParking, no time for this place.
This place is BOMB! I crave it daily. You must try the bulgogi taco with kimchi and the kimchi fried rice. Both are excellent. You have to ask for kimchi on the taco.
Disappointed. Waited a long time to come here. Guess when you're by yourself you don't rate any kind of decent service. Oh well, steak was good but I ordered medium  and got raw. They didn't even ask me how anything was.
I've come to realize that Gilbert restaurants are not held to the same standard as metropolitan areas. Don't believe the reviews. This place is below mediocre. I would've given this place one star but gave it two stars because the staff was friendly. I make better pizza at home.
Party of 5 for take out,100 bucks.-No Thank you. Never again. Burgers were not cooked all the way and dripping out blood. 5 $'s for fries-REALLY!
This restaurant is the worst I've ever been. The hotel screed up my room and now this diner. Service is the worst and food is not far. The hotel deserve to be at the last hotel of the strip.
Normally I'd leave 4 stars but the service wasn't up to par. Sushi was good by Champaign standards. But the service was slow, and we had to wait 30 minutes to be told they ran out of the dessert we had ordered.
After a $10 taxi ride there...they aren't on the strip...their lobby was closed!!!! They should state that they have different lobby and drive through hours
Meh. Long time to get the food. No wait to be seated though. Jambalaya was so so. Mojito was weak. Overall meh !
If you enjoy paying $8 to dry clean 1 cotton mens shirt, then this place is for you. I called around a couple of other westside dry cleaners and the going rate is between $2-3 dollars.
If you want to wait over a half hour for FAST FOOD anytime of the day then come to this Taco Bell!! Two thumbs down!
i'd give it a 5 but I don't like the crowds, parking or the hugeness of it anymore. It's too much.  Just when you've purchased broccoli (or whatever), up the block there's a nicer cheaper broccoli that you wish you would've waited for. sigh...
Love their cream corn & BBQ shrimp! Service was top-notch, friendly and attentive. You can split the bone-in rib eye if you plan on ordering appetizers, sides & dessert, plenty of food for two! The only thing was, it was a little hard to locate inside The Venetian.
The delivery line is really unhelpful for any request that can't be put into a computer and that can easily be ordered at the counter.  Avoid delivery unless you are drunk/hungry/inhuman enough to not care what arrives.
The Sushi is great here. Ask for the Samurai special its great.  The service was great(ask for Chris).  Overall Its one of my favorite sushi spots in Z next to Barcelona's in Scottsdale. I have not tried the tappen grill yet, but its next on the list.
Purchased a six inch with combo at this subway and I was charged $8.50. The soda and the drink was half the price of my sandwich? When I went to a different subway for the same meal I was charged $6.30. Won't be going back to this subway.
I got the coconut chicken and was picking bone shards out of my teeth the entire time. I didn't care for this restaurant at all.
This \"pizza\" was the worst food I have ever eaten.
Outstanding food but I think that's a given.  Waiting over a half hour in between courses is not acceptable at these prices.  And the prices are fairly absurd.  Not sure if that's a vegas thing, L'Atelier in Tokyo seemed cheaper which is hard too believe.
Wonderful little place!  We were very impressed with the food and spice level.  The only negative comment is that it was a little warm in the restaurant at lunch time.  My husband is a red curry fan and said it is some of the best he has every tasted.  We will definitely be back.
Always great food! Friendly staff. I recommend the blackened chicken salad or the top sirloin.
Dragon Rouge is an experience.  A refined medieval experience with roving minstral and period dress. The team is all about the experience ... it takes you back to a better time ... if only for an evening ...
Great salon! It was very busy when I walked in, but they sat me in a chair immediately, and worked quickly to make sure they got to all of their customers in a timely manner. They did a wonderful job on both my mani and pedi! And their prices are amazing!!
Great place, with a $5 Food Happy Hour Menu, $3 imports and more!  Check it out!
Very beautiful bar...but BORING!!!!
Avoid at all costs. Horrible service and horrible food.
Love.
Are closed on Sundays and not open until 3:30 on Saturdays. So you'll never have lunch there on a weekend. No clue why.  No booths.
Try the pizza muffins.  They were awesome.  Other than that, I can't say much else about the restaurant.  It is very low key and has a lot of customers from the neighborhood.  This is a good place to knock down a few beers and grab some snacks (i.e. pizza muffins) after work.
Horribly slow. Crowded dining room. The food can be gotten at In and Out burger for half the price for the same food. \n\nAll in all, not worth the trip and the time wastes on a lunch hour.
classic pittsburgh, i think. amazing crepes and fresh squeezed oj. crazy busy, so that's a good sign!
Jason does the best nails I have ever had. It is a beautiful salon and the prices are really reasonable. I hesitated to write a review--only because I don't want the rest of the world to find this gem. It's hard enough to get an appointment now!
Done with these guys. Sad because I like their food and used to order 2-3 times a week. The driver rarely reads the ticket with instructions to the building. An hour late on a couple occasions with just a sorry and the tip was paid in advance. \n\nSomebody else can earn my patronage.
I went here for the first time ever last week.....\n\nAnd I loved the food!\n\nDelicious.  I shall return.
THis is an example of something getting big hype for no reason.\n\nTrashy people, okay music, and really awkward floorplan. Won't be coming here again.
The buffet gives you much variety of food to choose from thr only downside is the food could be warmer.
Best boba place!!! Love the drink selection awesome...Taro Milk Tea with boba the bomb
I guess they must be good but over an hour for a basic car wash?  Never again...
This place has been closed for the past 5 or 6 years. I guess people are thinking about the other place next door. Helio's
Such a good hawaiian restaurent. Ive tried many and this far is thebest in vegas. The fried rice omelette was very good.. also the loco moco
Beautiful place! This cafe never disappoints. Breakfast burrito is gigantic and can be shared due to the large portions. \"The\" apple fritter is a MUST TRY!
I've been 3 times to Castello coffee. It has to be one of my first thoughts when recommending coffee to Italian visitors of ours. The coffee is excellent as is the service and the price is pretty good too!
Chicken and waffles were yummy.\nJalapeno biscuits and gravy were right on as well.\nCame for early Sunday breakfast before the rush and was very happy.\nIced Tea was good, the homemade jam was great, all around good grub!
Love, Love, Love, Love awesome place to go my wedding dress came out beautiful made my curves show was nice to have it fit lost 50 lb so I felt pretty. She took care of   me I'd recommend that place to everyone!
Great pizza.  Nice owners!
friedly, family owned business. Always helpful.
The customer service here is awful, very unfriendly employees.  They are also not very generous with the serving size of certain subs (Steak, Chicken teriyaki etc.).  Other than that the food is identical to any other Subway, but I try to go to the Subway on Waterloo Campus over this one whenever possible.
This place is always  busy but it beats driving all the way to Chinatown. Food is delicious  I like their  tendon and beef pho. I also order their small egg rolls with lettuce. Their combination  with noodles and shrimp is great. I just  wish they speak more  English.
They do have msg in their noodle soup.  confirmed with the chef.  otherwise the food is good
Service: 5 Stars \nFood: 5 Stars (well, I really like the goat curry, garlic naan, Khir...)\nAmbience: 5 Stars\n\nYelp check in: free lassi/soda\n\nWhat more can I say?  Just try it for yourself!
Please go somewhere else\nOverpriced
great thing about this place: you can pay extra $ for fast line\nworst thing about this place:  you still need to wait to get seated even you paid for fast line. \n\nif you are a dessert person, you should try this place.
An excellent, well-priced menu. Quite attentive and accommodating staff. \nVery tasty food and generous portions. Very clean kitchen area.\nAn all-time favorite.
Not bad but overpriced as with anything else in the casinos. What you'd expect from a regular burger joint. Pretty good bread.
Great old school bar. Burgers are fantastic. The service is good .the price point is good for Middleton. Will be going back again.
Looks like they closed down!\n\nIs it for good?  I didn't see any relocating notes....so I am not sure if they are opening elsewhere in town. \n\nHopefully they update their website or facebook soon.  \n\nCrosses fingers!
Great work from these two guys . They are very  professional at all times and cheap. Definitely going to call them again when needed :)
I place a phone order twice a week from this location and today am told they have never accepted phone order and denied my business. They usually mess up your order anyway. If they don't want my money then I don't think I will be giving them any more of it..
The place is pretty nice so that's not my beef. The service sucks sucks sucks. Over priced for the wrong service and they will not refund anything. Go elsewhere.
Far surpassed my expectations. A little pricier than your average breakfast spot but the quality, originality and choices were all top notch. The assorted fruit was fresh and the waffles were excellent with lots of different options. Definitely will be back soon
They added a sushi/salad bar along with their all you can eat.  My family comes all the time.  The service is not bad and the food is great.  Get the oysters...\n\nGot food poisoning, lasted almost a week...
Bad. I will not waste my time listing the what is wrong with place. If you need ihop, go to the Robinson location. \n\nA waiter named Deez is a bad sign.
The location is perfect. It's in downtown Phoenix and connected to Z Pizza! They offer a variety of items to choose from: breakfast food, ice cream, baked delicacies, etc.\n\nThe downside is that it's dark in there. It feels kind of depressing. There is not very much parking.
This is located attaching to PT's Pub. As many have voiced it is better drunk. Most of the time the beans are way too runny the meat is flavorless and its just bad mexican food. Ive had it at fairs and at several locations it is just bad juju
Horrible Customer Service! They lost my brand new pants, then finally found it &over charged me... they wanted $20 to hem a pair of pants. The manager didn't try to help either. He said \"go ahead & complain I don't care!\" Run from this place!!!
Delicious Osso Bucco and the kids loved the spaghetti and meatballs.  Conveniently located near the theatre to watch the Variety Show.
Good but not the real deal.  The big 3 pizza deep dish places in Chicago I feel are better.
Cool place, Great healthy food, spotty service
I only gave 3 stars since it took forever to navigate through the store but I wanted to give a shout out to my cashier Tameika. She was super friendly!
Food was bad.  This restaurant is now closed.
GREAT FOOD! Ok drinks, but if you like beer they have a very large selection.
I heart pizza.
First timers and loved it antipasto app and white pizza with garlic, mushrooms and prosciutto were delicious and plentiful.
If you didn't like your burger, it's because you build it wrong. Less is more. Don't go overboard with the condiments. Keep it simple. \n\nSkip the fries and go for the O- rings-- large, crispy and crunchy good.
Amy=the best. Doug=also the best. One of the many reasons why I stay in Phoenix. I've purchased art here and have been regularly impressed with the individuals they choose to show and represent. Utterly delightful.
Delicious traditional Taiwanese food very home style food awesome tasty food and great service the place to eat home style cooking you must try
Great service and great food.  Especially loved the potatoes that came with my eggs Benedict and the waffles were fluffy and tasty.  Finding a parking space is a bit of a challenge:)
This place is way too loud.  Way overpriced!!!. Long wait.  Service took forever. Do yourself a favor ---- take 10 extra minutes, walk over to NY NY/Excalibur/Tropicana--\nYour food choices will be 35% cheaper & 100% better
Best cookie place in champaign, especially when you want something sweet late at night.
Loved the price, shuttle to the last day of the fair, and cool free swag available after! It was a ton of fun. My only regret was no reward ceremony to show off my BLING and keep me way from studying for finals!
Carraba's...I love this place. Always consistently good!
This business is recommended by Discount Tire locations.  Good pricing and fast service.  They did such a good job on my alignment I was wondering if I had the right vehicle.
I love this place! Staff is great very knowledgeable every cut of meat i have ever gotten has been top quality. Oh and did i mention the twice baked potatoes?!
The first few times we went here it was really good and great quality. The last few times have been a huge disappointment. Food is ok but not as great as before.
Best restaurant in market square. I have been here several times and never had a bad experience!  Highly recommended.
Clogged sink in the bathroom, bleach-stained carpet, hideous curtains.  Don't try heat/air conditioner unit.  On stay here to sleep, but to avoid it.  Only plus, Cheap during major holiday weekends.
Pretty darn good! Less spendy than the Main Street gig and I LOVED the mason jars! Great touch!
Taco Bell is Taco Bell...
Brilliant, really cool museum with exhibits from every part of the world. Wish I had more time to explore, it was a pleasant surprise :)
The jade red chicken is amazing. The cookies are the perfect ending to a meal.
Been going to Nora's for years and had a very disappointing dinner on Saturday night, food was way below average and the service was very rushed, our waitress Marla B was unfriendly,rude and made us feel very rushed. I will not be in a hurry to return or take our out of town guests for awhile.
The buffet is super large and they make it very pretty, but as far as the quality I have had better and if it wasn't free with my hotel stay I would not have gone back.
Fun, but definitely a \"younger\" crowd. The music was good, but the venue was smaller and had less of a crowd. Good times if you're looking for a more chill spot. :)
I have gone to this Starbucks many times over the last 4 years because it is the closest one to my house.  They have friendly staff and prompt service, however, they are frequently out of most of the non-drink items on their menu unless you get there before 8am.
Juba is an authentic Somali restaurant right in the heart of downtown Tempe. The owner is great and the food is delicious. The rice is crazy good.
I tried this place since its the closest place to my home but I have to say I was disappointed with the quality and portion size of their sushi rolls for the cost. I much rather drive several miles to Nakama on McDowell Rd in Goodyear!
All I remember at the end of the evening is the big check .  If you want to see the waterfall show, save your money by getting a seat at Parasol instead.
The best people I've ever met. I've been in this store multiple times, each of which have ended in my maximum satisfaction. Butt out has gone above and beyond in ensuring that i leave with all the answers to any and all questions that I may pose. Thank you so much.
no delivery, only 1 size pizza ? wtf
Both the Gator bites, and the gumbo are amazing; I have never been disappointed by the food.
I had the spinach dip and it was not good at all. Followed by the Turkey Pesto sandwich. That was just OK. That atmosphere was great though a very cute place.
Disappointing.  Although the choices were plentiful, the hot food was cold and too greasy.
I've probably stopped at this liquor store every time I've been in Vegas, since finding the place, and I go monthly. This place has alot to offer, so you could be a selective drinker and still find your poison being sold here.
Ryan the manager invited us back in tonight and Logan took great care of us. We had the seafood bruschetta it was amazing. We then had the margarita pizza it tasted like the old Vito's we know and love! Thank you Logan the server we had was also outstanding tonight!y
Still good food like before the fire, but the salads seem smaller. The new modern style totally ruined the comfortable atmosphere.
Well the pizza here is good. It is always fresh and hot. Best fast food pizza around. But the service was terrible!!! Took almost 2 hours to get my delivery and let me tell you I was not happy about that. They need more delivery drivers and maybe a better management team. I mean it's just pizza people.
The staff at this pharmacy are fantastic! They have always had my Rx done fast, and if there is ever any issues - they are responsive and return phone calls as they say they will.
Worse threading job I've ever gotten. I explicitly asked for \"cleanup\" and not to go too thin. Not only did I get very thin brows, one eyebrow is incredibly choppy & will now have to fill in my brows. I would have been better off plucking.
Not much more to add here; excellent Food, ok prices, in a dumpy setting. I'll be back though, to try out more menu items. All in all way above the average Montreal Chinese Resto.
There is really not that much good to say about this place. Service is just a disaster. You're likely enjoying your second beer already in any other place in this town while you're still waiting on ordering your first in this location.
This is the best brewed beer I have ever had. I love the rooftop atmosphere. It's perfect when your casually dressed. Service was great too.
Great happy hour! Our waiter Tim was by far one of the BEST waiters we've ever had. Highly recommend!
I love this place.  So delicious, and surprisingly inexpensive.  Excellent customer service, and very clean and well-maintained.
Rude bartender\nNeeds to learn how to fix drinks instead of arguing about it...specially when someone in training is making them and he didn't offer to help or fix the matter.....
I don't know why this place only has an average of three stars. It's clean, fast, friendly and so delicious. :)
we got this room through priceline's name your price thing, and we did get what we paid for. \n\nthe bath towels were shedding, room smelled old.\n\ni give it 1 star for the nice receptionist that gave us non-smoking room at the 63rd floor, and the pillows were comfortable.
i don't understand the hype. it's very typical american chinese food. tried the bourbon chicken and it was nothing special - tasted very teriyaki.
Expensive and average were my takeaways on dinner at the China Grill. \n\nThe food was not as good as a CheeseCake Factory, and I would just skip this place
So the bar tender was great, we hung out and had for dogs and cocktails and watched a few games trying to sober up after three hours of craps and cocktails!!
Service was terrible. Had to wait extremely long time to get food. Not sure I would come back to this location. Floor was wet with soda every where.
two of my girlfriends and i went there on a sunday nite in march!  we thought it a bit too romantic for us with the low lites, etc but when in rome...we had a wonderful dinner, and shared dessert...the decor is definitely top notch!
Americanized Chinese food that is overwhelmingly average. Enough said.\n\nNOTE: I may be spoiled by many trips to Toronto and Windsor for dim sum.
Donuts and coffee here are amazing! Fast friendly service! Cute little local bakery :)
This is one of the new locations, love the \"newest\".  The server was awesome!!!  I ordered the hummus with chicken.  It was good.  Why 5 stars?  The server refilled our drinks into togo cups when we are getting ready to leave.  +++++
the pizza took 50 min to get here and it was cold! i mean hard cheese, had to microwave it, cold. errr.
I was so impressed by how professional and friendly these guys were.  They were great with my husband but I was worried being a woman that they would try to take advantage and make me buy things I don't need.   They were quick, charged me very fairly, and were perfect gentlemen :)
the arizona burger gets the extra star here- it's wonderfully spicy. other than that, it seems like big specialty burgers that are good but not great
Great service by Jen, really attentive and very helpful explaining the options.  A bit on the pricier side for color 11x17s, but the same day service definitely helps justify that price a bit.
Grand choix, p\u00e2tes fraiches, tr\u00e8s bon! Leur balsamique est d\u00e9licieuse! Seul hic, les chaises pas tr\u00e8s confortables!
the service here is like shit\n\nmat thang nao thang nay nhu cai lon cua con di me no .
Over priced burnt coffee, bad service, breakfast sandwich was greasy
Went here for breakfast and dinner. Breakfast was better then dinner but both were over priced for what it was. Cool place and nice atmosphere. Patio looks amazing but it's been to hot to use it the couple times I have gone. I would say try it out at least once.
Nice facility. Dealing with the behind the scenes of exhibiting can be challenging, but what do you expect?
Great food,  very friendly staff,  long wait, but worth it if you can deal with it.
This place was worst... Dj doesn't listen to anyone ... If you like fun I recommend you don't come here . If I could give it 0 stars I would!
Gave them another shot with same horrible result.  They we busy due to concert.  Sat at bar for 10 minutes with not even being acknowledged.  Once again walked out.  Understand busy times but that was ridiculous.
This place used to be great, but now the food is average. Based on the quality and amount served, the menu is overpriced. Also, they don't allow substitutes and they don't split checks.
Great place .. Jay is actively involved in the business and is always available to help.. He always has my partials ready for me to pick up and i dont even have to ask..
Friendly and knowledgeable help. Wish this place was closer to us.
This is my go to pharmacy.  The pharmacy personnel is very nice and competent. I guess I must be getting a lot of prescriptions, because they search for my scripts as soon as they see me coming. The retail store is nicely stocked.
Usually good but today was terrible. Ordered eggs basted soft. Got scrambled. Sent back and they came back cold, basted with oil and burnt around the edges. Toast was pretty much NOT toasted. Manager brought out more eggs as we were paying the bill. They adjusted the check though, so that was nice.
The lady at the check in is rude and seems like she doesn't enjoy her job! I just asked for the menu and she pointed up and kept doing what she was doing.. So I was like BYE!
Great place to work - a company that cares about its people. While most work is fast paced, they are challenges worth looking forward to every day.
This place is permanently closed, but there are still Groupon Now offers. I purchased the Groupon Now, and headed over, looped the strip mall three times looking for this restaurant only to find that it has been closed.
I love Panera bread! Every time I go the food is very fresh and delicious! I absolutely love the broccoli cheddar soup! I've tried all of their salads and they are so good! Love going here for healthy options and is very convenient in this shopping center!
I realize that they don't care about customer service, but spending over 30 minutes on hold every time is a bit of a smack in the face.
The family that owns this place are the sweetest. I usually stop here in the morning to grab a chai drink. So close to work. They have a good chicken noodle soup and the bagels are delicious. I just took off one star because I don't like the quality of ingredients in their breakfast sandwiches.
We've gone here 3 or 4 times on our Vegas trips,  and I've enjoyed it every time. The food is a little more expensive than what we normally pay for Mexican food,  but it's good and is still one of the best deals you can find for food on the strip.
Had a horrible experience with this company a few months ago. My story sounds very similar to the ones posted on here already. Incredibly lousy customer service and an owner who could give a damn about filling orders and delivering service.
Great food! Quality is great.. well worth the price
I visited here last april for my birthday dinner and was not really impressed by the food or atmosphere. The waitress was less than helpful and our seat was in an odd place in the restaurant. The food was good but overpriced.
Great neighborhood location.  Small, friendly, good food and service.  Not a spacious but adequate.  Many basic homemade specality items.  If you have the time to enjoy the visit  it is a great place to visit
Terrible service, and the inside was unclean. I have been to other locations numerous times and have never experienced anything like this. A real shame.
Best ramen in Vegas! I use to live in Japan and this place reminds me of home. Great food and great service! Try the Tonkotsu Ramen and Pork belly bowl!
Love the food at this joint, and the prices are very good!
If you like food that's been dropped on the floor and serve to you anyways then this is the place to go otherwise the food is really good.
Great location, delicious breakfast and awesome waitress (Katelyn). I like to shop here. Always nice and clean. Also great selection of beer.
My first 5 star.....hard to find....amazing bbq
Bad feeling about foods and services. We came with 2 women, 3 men and 2 kids, the waiter fogot to bring the drink for us, the beef burn when they fried and used to make the salad.
Good was ok. Not as good as it had been. Lots of mistakes by the server. Why are there screaming kids in the bar??
ive had better.
the steak i had was terrific.  but the best part was seeing mike tyson there.  i sent him a chocolate cake with the help of my waitress who was super friendly and accommodating.   there was a live piano player playing great tunes the whole time.
Great place on the near west side to get inexpensive, fresh, fast food.  Love the made to order tortillas.
Met here for a reunion. reserved a table over email, which was nicely available when we arrived. Good cocktails and a nice atmosphere
Not the best fish and chips I've ever had, but decent. This place gets loud!\n\nPacked with men. I'd say it was a 8-to-1 male to female ratio up in here. I'm just sayin'.
Had a crabcake sandwich, a softshell crab sandwich, a bucket of crab legs, and fries. SO GOOD!!\n\nA must try.
During our four day trip to Montreal we got the chance to visit Olive and Gourmando.  our favorite was the home nade ricotta with honey and orange zest and wow were we blown away by this simple but beautifully presented dish.  overall great experience!  definitely worth your time and money.
Like a quick trip through time this one will boggle your brain. Get lost in the various aisles of deliciousness. Hot Dogs. Check. Sausage. Check. Peanut Butter. Check. Everything to crave your late night munchies. Grab a pack a cigs mate, they are buy one get one free.
This place is only fun for winners I guess! Dropped $40 and won three large stuffed animals and a bunch of tiny ones. Won the darts game :)\n\nIf I left empty handed, I probably wouldn't be singing the same tune...
Good was very good, unfortunately the meat to tortilla ratio was 85% tortilla 15% meat in the chimichanga... sucks knowing I paid 14.95 for a 80 cent tortilla...
Love the designer brands, low prices and nice people.  New styles every day. Awesome!
I've had an account for them for years and in the last few months my bill has increased by $100 for no real reason.\n\nAnd one garbage can was \"too full\" so I had to pay an additional $60.00.
Their service is outstanding. I loved the low-key, relaxed lighting and the calm environment wrapped inside of such a hectic city. Their pizza was wonderful. My Mom and I both went back (within 3 days) for another slice of the Lemon-cello Cheesecake with cranberry. Good eats, Great service, Great dessert!
They are now closed.
Lo-Lo's never disappoints!
not the best Dim Sum i ever had, if you have enough points at Gold Coast it might be worth it.
So-so food. The waiter that helped us was very friendly but a horrible waiter. Forgot our wine order and messed up the food order.
Do not like it after remodeling.  Looks like someone's living room, not very well put together.
After dealing with another cleaning service that I yelped about I found this one with good reviews. I called and was able to get an appointment within a week. \nI got a very good deep clean for a reasonable price. The cleaners that arrived were friendly and very courteous.
tacos are good but today they weren't as good as last time!
Last two times I went, the food was not cooked properly (half raw shrimp) and the steak had giant tendons running through the middle making it inedible.  This was for entrees that were about $20 each.  I won't be back.
I ordered the Loretto egg sandwich and editing over easy egg The only problem is the bread is much larger than the sandwich and I would just call it a roll not a French roll is nothing French about that role
It wasn't as good as I expected. I ordered a 32oz Pina corlada and it tasted just okay.
Service was great! Our server William was attentive and friendly. Food is just ok.
So horrible. Worst service and a shit hole. Dirty and slobs all over. Rudest staff I have ever seen.
Friendly and courteous staff! The quality of the toppings are always properly maintained and fresh.
Consistently good catered sandwiches, pasta salads, and pickles! A lunch time favorite.
This needs no explanation.
Meh...the Hot Pocket was kinda bland...had to add BBQ sauce to give it flavor...unfortunately was kinda a bust.  Wife's Veggie pocket was kinda bland too.
I think the Royal Jasmine Thai restaurant up the street is much better. The food, service and ambiance is more authentic there.
A friend told me this was his favorite burger.  It was good.  It has a strong pepper flavor, but not in the top 5 for me and too pricey.  A bit dark inside.  More of a bar scene than a lunch spot.
Great customer service by knowledgable, friendly staff. Not true cheapest place in town but you get what you pay for. Highly quality tint and great service. Worth every penny, money well spent. I highly recommend them.
Flight took off 1.5 hours late. And it's southwest, so no food, just light snacks. Waiting 1.5 hours then taking a 5 hour flight without a meal does not render a positive Yelp review.
Ditto on the Pizza heading. This is and alwasy will be a bar for me, not a pizza joint. I've enjoyed many shots, beers and games of darts. Low expectations makes this a fun fun place.
Newer store design, relatively clean and quiet store during my visit. Small, simple order took typical amount of time. I seem to always have an issue with the portion sizes of the fries when the fries are freshly cooked.
A great place for locals and tourist to get their teppanyaki fix. Great happy hour specials too!  This spot is where I go for some late night sushi and teppanyaki.
Was very pleased to hear from the corporate office.   That's the customer service we love!  Thanks!
Becky is too notch (she's the founder) and I've quite enjoyed all the great members I've gotten to know.\nThanks for great events!\n- Jase
Sports bar atmosphere with hot waitresses . the pool tables are busy on the weekend and during the week the prices are way too high at night for a table. The food and beer are OK. The only time worth going is during the day on weekdays cheap pool
Nice Aquarium, and nice programs. (Like feed the bears)
Food poisoning my first time (and now last) eating here. Stay away if you value your health! One star only because yelp doesn't allow you zero.
I have been 75% around the world, the food here is nothing compare to real Chinese food. The only thing worth eating here is really the soupy items. Dim sum and all are a waste of time. Service is not great but when you have 2 tired kids this will suffice.
Went here for a business dinner while in Montreal.  The paella was amazing, the Sangria was some of the best I have had, and it was paired with AMAZING service.  I cannot wait to come back!
This is the place to load up on $1 draft beers while you wait for your table at Margaritaville.  That way, when you're seated you're already buzzed and don't have to waste money on $8 Landshark Lagers!  You're welcome!
Worst service I walked in for rolling filters and the owners pit bull was ready to attack me because I reek of terrance. She was rude immediately. I mentioned  my dog but still treated me like I was a robber. Great way to assume something. RUDE!!
Super Friendly staff, work was delivered as promised! This is my go to crew for electrical work for my home and rental properties!
Well a quick casual meal after a long day at the pool. I didn't have a burger but a bowl of chili and 8 hot wings instead. The food is a ok the beer is at room temperature and the server is kinda puzzled. I gave her a two for the efforts but other than that will definitely will not dine here again.
I called to see if I could bring in a special bottle of wine but she said only if I bring a receipt. The bottle was a special birthday gift, so I don't have one. Can't tell you what the food is like because I took my business elsewhere.
Went in for the first time today to get set up with my first drip. The guys were very helpful, set me up under a hundred bucks and shared a ton of tips and tricks with me. The place is clean and well organized. I recommend.
Brunch was very disappointing, cocktails were mediocre, and there was just no atmosphere with the total of 3 people in this restaurant. Food was just average, not worth the pain of parking at this place. Does not validate and valet is $12.
The food was great, food server was really nice and knowledgable, bartender was nice, but the hostess was unbelievably rude. Terrible attitude and anything but hospitable, we felt like we were imposing.  She really needs training for customer service skills, get over yourself!
What can I say, it's one of the few gluten free places in Terminal B.  As far as the Taste, very genetic soft gelato that isn't fresh but will do in a pinch.  Very pricey.
awful, got a beef taquito, and it did not look like beef and had a funny taste and smell.
Favorite dishes: Sweet potato ravioli, baked goat cheese, and bistro salad ( they retired this recently, but hoping they bring it back). The usual is good and so is the filet. Love the cozy booths and friendly staff. Favorite spot in charlotte!
great food\ngreat service\ngreat views\none of the best dinners I've ever had.
We had the fish sandwich, bratwrust special, mega meat pizza and the blue burger. Everything was really good.
Is place is Closed permanently it is closed no longer open not open anymore Is place is Closed permanently it is closed no longer open not open anymore Is place is Closed permanently it is closed no longer open not open anymore Is place is Closed permanently it is closed no longer open not open anymore
Best filipino food in vegas!!! Great interior and very clean! Food tastes just like you ordered it straight from the Phillipines!  Our favorite server is carrie lam! She always greats us with a smile and is very patient with everyones order!
Service was extremely slow, it was about an hour for a basic burger and there was no one in the place. Once we got our food it was over cooked and missing ingredients. We won't be back!
Yeah yeah, this place is pricey, but they have a wide selection of cakes and pies! and they're mouthwatering and so gooooooooodddddd!\nCome here if you wanna have some good cakes!
Fun atmosphere-good pizza, good size small appetizers, good tomato and mozzarella salad and Excellent pie-zookie (warm cookie with ice cream on top).
Great customer service, clean facilities, and quite. Perfect hidden spot near my work to relax and read while on lunch break. The staff was great and explained the library system, I love that you can return items to other libraries. Comfortable chairs and temperature. Will definitely be coming back.
Delicious breakfast and croissants nice neighborhood hang out (outrermont)\nHighly recommended
Food and service at Nellos is pretty good. Portions are a good size and the bread they give you to start the meal is delish!
This is my fast food option if I want some bahn mi. I feel like it's rushed and not authentic. I go there if I'm on a thirty minute lunch and can't wait for a real sandwhich. Some of the meat is processed and they don't have that homey vibe when I walk in.
Best Shop in AZ Jason is great. My Tattoo looks Amazing.
It's like home, but with a better beer selection.\n\nThanks Smokin' Joe's.
Best store in Vegas! Great guys running it and WOW do they know their knowledge.....\"Comic Nerd Heaven\" here and I am glad to be a part of it! Great job guys!!! Love your store!
The ambiance is amazing.....you don't even realize you are in Charlotte. The food is just ok I left a bit hungry. It is definitely overpriced. \"The drunken whale\" sake was good. I would definitely go here for a cocktail or 2 but that's about it
If you ask me? I thought this was awful and the cashier was a unfriendly. The caramel chicken was ok but the brown rice did not taste done to me..overall it's a nice comfortable setting.
Never returned my follow up call or provided me with the information I requested as promised.
They have me the wrong size drink and the cup was covered in caramel. Thanks!
Love the west coast beach cruiser hipster vibe. Excellent choose of brews and great local ones! Fantastic service and bartenders are in too of it and always cleaning the bar :) love it and we will be back.
After 3 or 4 trips to Flancers, I'm convinced it's one of the best \"mom and pop\" places in the EV. Great sandwiches and Pizza, and the limited selection of Alcohol actually keeps things authentic. Sit back with your friends and enjoy the ambiance
I don't know where to start,  so I will just say not everybody should open up there own restaurant. They seem to have no cue what they are doing. I will give them another chance if they are still in business in a few months
Best steak in town!
Really cool guys working here. Honest bunch and they took care of programming my alarm for only $20 bucks... normally $40. these places can sometimes seem intimidating.... But I felt very comfortable there. Would go back for future audio!
I've never gotten food poisoning here. I have gotten screwed up orders alot. It would be nice to deal with more Americans though. All in all it's an average Del Taco.
I would never go anywhere else in the area, I have tried the one by Fry's, Safeway, and on Grand.. None of them are as nice and knowledgable as this group of people. Great job Do My Nails!  Almost forgot their new spa chairs, amazing to say the least.
John, the owner is so nice! I love this place!\nTheir wraps are amazing, especially the turkey, stuffing wrap. \nHomemade potato chips too!\nEverything I've had their has been great!
Huge bar with good beer selection. 24 hour food available. TVs everywhere so you always have a good view. Got to try the deviled eggs! I think they are 50 cents and they are bomb! Always open and always serving good drinks and food. What more can you ask of a sports bar?!
I like Howlers do not get me wrong. They have great music playing and the bartenders are always friendly. But I cannot get over how smokey it is in there. I hate coming out and just reeking of smoke. Other than that, it is a nice place to spend the evening.
I was pleasantly surprised that this Elephant Bar was so much better than another one I had been to recently in Santa Clara.  It just goes to show that service can make the difference every time.  Very nice restaurant, and was a great lunch meeting place.   I'm going to be back and this time bring my favorite dining buddy - my wife.  : )
Very cold environment.. looks like a takeout chinese place rather than a sushi restaurant... albacore was not fresh, portions are decent, overall quality is poor and I have have much better sushi for that $ here
Had a delightful end of day meal here following site seeing in Central Edinburgh-glad we found it on yelp! Great salmon salad & yummy bread-calimare was worth the order too!
This is not a place you would just stumble upon. Thanks yelp!\n\nI had the green chili enchilada with a side of rice. This is true New Mexican. The best I've had outside of NM.
Grade: F\n\nA complete nightmare. Awful food served by stupid staff. Can I get another helping of second-hand smoke with those stupid mini cheeseburger appetizers?
Great food, good atmosphere, just a little bit pretentious.
Food took way too long, everyone around got served before us that came in after us. And when we got our food finally, it was cold. Big portions was a plus.
Food was very overpriced and not good at all same w/ drinks and no specials or promos this bar needs to be rescued again
Jackie did an absolutely Amazing job on my maternity photos! I had never had photos done before  and she gladly helped me with where to put my hands, what poses to do, which outfits looked better,  etc. I am so excited about how they turned out and can't wait to go back for some newborn photos!
Ross the owner crafted our drinks with an uncompromising flair. There are specific times to arrive and get a seat at the bar where you can observe the bar artists hone their craft. Friendly and enjoying what they do. Gotta try it; you'll be back...
I just had fish and chips for lunch last time. I should get serious next time trying their great food.
Thanks to Bryan for helping us use our passes to the water park from Yelp's Splash and Dash.  Seems no one knew anything about the passes that were handed out!!! \nLove that play park especially the lazy river on weekdays!!!!!!!
Customer service is on point. Best Damn gluten free sub bread I've ever put in my mouth. First time here... definitely coming back and bringing the family with.
WOW- Just saw a crazy lady shaking a sign for biscuits at Carls jr~!\n\nGot one and it was goooooood!
I will bump this restaurant up to a 3-star rating just for the fact that the owners care enough to read the reviews of their restaurant and ask for feedback regarding any negative comments.  Kudos for truly caring about customer feedback!
Too expensive and food is not that great. We went hear because my sister remembered it being very tasty, but after our dinner we were all wondering why this is so expensive.  Might as well go to Carls Jr and get a burger there. The only positive was the fun environment.
I like eating here even when I'm sober. The bacon chicken ranch is my favorite non-Mac and cheese pizza. I like to think I am limiting my caloric intake by just eating one slice. It's cheaper that way too, and I achieve some self-deception! This place is awesome.
Absolutely Hilarious - Worth the price!  The theater was small and intimate and Carrot Top is very funny!  Would definitely recommend.
The breakfast fixed menu was a great option here and the food was good. When we received our food it was cold. This was due to the excessive time it took to get our food, over an hour. Good food but terrible service.
One of the closest to authentic salvadorean food I have tried. The place is small but the service is great so is the food very well worth the price.
The price is not worth the quality. When you pay $8.00 min for a plate dim sum you expect a lot more than what I got. The food was Mediocre at best. And what is up with charging $7.5 per person for tea? WTF!!!!!
This place is a keeper. Best sandwich that I've had in a very very long time. Bread is fantastic!  Had the Super Sicilian and that was the best. Gotta try this place if you haven't done so.
Best slices in the area by a NY mile
Ok, now they say hotel guests get in free & they don't know who told me last year???So we paid 1000$ to stay in Cosmo last year & get nothing. This year we stay hotel 32 & get nothing.
food was good and the portions were large good place overall but probably would have been better with kids. good place thanks
This was a fabulous Hotel & Casino!!! We shall stay here again. It's so convenient to have Walgreens across the street & the Mall also. We loved it, we were there for our anniversary & they sent complimentary champagne to our room. A must stay!!!
I hate grocery shopping. Had to get something to take to a get together and Von's was on the way. I should have just went back down the hill to whole foods. The fruit was not that good. But I guess you get what you pay for.
We hired Pristine Housekeeping Services to clean our vacation rental property in Las Vegas. Their linens and ammentities are more than a step above. Our clients love that they arrive to a super clean, even luxurious accomodations. Thank you Lorenzo for taking such good care of our home away from home.
My kids rode on the Zip Line again and had a great time.
Sharp looking place modern meets old dinner, good food nice and simple breakfast menu. Staff could have been more friendly, but over all solid place will be back again!
I paid $8 for a cheese and mushroom omelette which consisted of american cheese and canned mushrooms.  Waste of money, too greasy, wouldn't go back.
My father ordered a salad. First the lettuce was wilted, then there was no chicken. When the chicken finally arrived it was spoiled and smelt terrible. They were very mindful of the whole situation and took the salad off our bill. Just don't order a salad.
The repairs my relative received from Floyd's via Doug were not only questionable at best but cause more problems to her vehicle. I would not recommend setting foot in this \"repair center\".
Went here for drinks last night and was definitely the oldest in the place - lots of college kids hanging out doing sake bombs!  The music was clubby and the atmosphere was cool.  Maybe I'll try again after school has let out.
I've been here twice and it's was great both times. I had the T Bone and fries, I suggest the mash potatoes, much better!!! Great cocktails and wine. The service was great both times, everyone is really friendly and helpful. I would go back again.
Delicious macarons.  A boatload of french fries, with not so much catsup to go along with it.  Slow service.  Food that was just okay.  And it was a bit pricey.  Food portion fills you up, but thats only because they fill you up on bread and fries.
I bought my Honda Accord at Findlay Honda Henderson in 2004.  Since then I have taken my car there, and only there, for maintenance.  They do a wonderful job!  Prices are reasonable and scheduling is easy.  Nancy cares a lot about her customers and always does a great job of communication and coordination.
Don't ever go to this Red Lobster. Not only is the service terrible, the management is terrible. I just had the worst experience ever. Poor Red Lobster, this used to be my favorite restaurant, but i will never eat there again. It was that bad.
Best Tuna Melt I have ever eaten hands down!!!!! The catch is to add tomatoes, onions, and avocado.
I still like books.  I look at a computer all day every day so just walking around and looking at books and exploring new topics is a treat.  I worry the whole bookstore experience will go away because it's relaxing and interesting but for now, it seems to be intact!
Horrible experience with staff. Over charge and false advertisement on free sake per person. Mic's almost dead and breaks in and out through songs. Staff insisted of leaving tip when it's optional from customers.
Amazing burger..had the Hell's Kitchen burger with truffle fries..best fries I have ever had, meat was very juicy and tender..recommend to everyone
really fun!  it was 80's nite!! great time!
Best place in town , just open today , fries are awesome , any burger you grab is the best, you can't go wrong , they start in Austin Texas and moving down to Los Angeles can't wait
Looks like they closed, sigh.
Been many times over years. Have tried smoothies, cookies, muffins, breakfast foods, coffee drinks and prob some other things. Never been disappointed. Love 24 hour drive thru. Great place. Go here.
Really like this mall!  Very clean and good collection of stores and restaurants.  Parking can be a challenge as the front section is fairly small, but there's always plenty of spots around back.  Quick eats in the food court, and excellent sit-down restaurants up front.
Outstanding food, fresh and delicious. Phoenix is desperate for more restaurants such as this. My only complaint was with the somewhat confused service on a quiet evening, but I'm betting they were just having an off-night. Well-worth the drive from any part of the Valley.
I absolutely loved the work she did on my eyebrows. It was my first time getting my eyebrows threaded, I did not even know my eyebrows even could look so perfectly shaped! She made it a fast and pleasant experience! I will be going back for sure!
This place is everything you could want. Friendly and engaging atmosphere coupled with delicious crepes make this place a jewel. Definitely went over and beyond my expectations.
Another great Vegas dive bar with the cheapest well drinks we've found ($2.25 for Christian Bros. brandy and soda).  If you like country, karaoke on Friday is good.  Friendly people behind and in front of the bar.  We always stop here when we're in town!
The real deal!  Great ribs.  The beef and pork fall off the bone.  The sauce is added to the ribs just before serving.  You have to look in order to find this joint which is hidden away in an industrial area.  You need to go there!
We haven't even made it through the check in line, but looks like it's going to take over an hour!! Ridiculous!! The good news is there's amusing people watching.
Great selection of meats, vegtables, sauces and seasonings.  Fun for the whole family!
OFF THE CHARTS! For simple fare and a small menu this place does it right every day, every order. A little outside the \"beaten path\" but worth the detour!\nEnjoy!
It was just ok. We haven't been to a Red Lobster since we moved here from back east.  Hubby wanted the cheedar biscuits and we were in the area which is why we decided to drop in.... again it wasn't bad but I don't think we'll be back
This place is really good, delicious Vietnamese food, best Pho i have ever tried! Service was amazing, super-fast and polite. Highly recommend this place.
Nice and friendly, company standard of the amount of Lox on a bagel needs to be re-evaluated. Flavor was nice just seem to have an issue with half the bagel covered with Lox and the other half just cream cheese. Raise the price and do it right. Would have been a 5 star, maybe next time.
was expecting something a lot better.  Food wasnt all that great... the pizza was burned and if we all werent so hungry we would have sent it back.. Service was very very slow and the place wasnt that crowded.  Not a place i would go out of my way to attend again.
Took my Daddy here to get his beard trimmed and while they did a fairly decent job of the cut, Victoria needs to learn a little customer service (and how to even out a mustache properly!)
Best Damn Chicken Fingers I've Ever Had.\n\nThat is all.
Don't bother calling in your To-Go order ahead, they won't have it when you get there.
Will keep going back over and over again...third time and never let's down...!! Great job Holstein's ! \n\nJust jump all over the menu and it's an experience renewed !!
I've been trying out a lot of different spots, absolutely loved the sushi and apps here! Fresh delicious and clean!!!
Service was Great loved our waitress but the food was mediocre at best  not worth the hefty price tag
Better than taco bell
It's a very nice atmosphere. The food is good. The Service is very good. The Biltmore is an amazing place and I think was looking for amazing. I had the chicken and goat cheese flat bread which was great. The next day I had their version of a French dip also very good.
Pathetic place, poor service and attitude of the owner. Definitely a place which one can give a miss
I was unimpressed with the food and the service was pretty poor.  I don't intend to go back any time soon.
The food's very greasy and they served hot food cold.The owners son is very rude and arrogant, only reason for dining is for convenience otherwise i wont.
Ghetto as hell
Good, but overpriced.  Delicious seafood sampler, and my husband had the lamb which he also said was good, but not amazing.  I don't think we would go back without a coupon.
$6.99 steak and eggs breakfast from 12AM-7AM. Best $6.99 I ever spent on steak! Cooked to perfection!
the potatoes are off the chain.. a tad bit pricey for an egg sandwich out... but overall the place is good..
Walmart is bad enough as it is but this one is even worse. The people are gross and they hold up the lines all the time when their access cards malfunction. I go here when I have to and no more. Parking lot is also full of ungathered carts.
Saw this on yelp and figured to try it out. \n\nOrdered the 11 dollar steak and eggs. Steak was the right portion, but they didn't have their homemade rootbeer that day :(. Most of my friends enjoyed what they ordered too, and it's right behind planet hollywood.
It is simple.. I LOVE SUNRISE COFFEE! \nAlien burrito and an iced soy london fog... soo good!
Yummy bone marrow, and oysters. Nice classy place, and great service.
Did a great job. I have a barber down in old town Scottsdale and have been going to him for years. Now that I moved I had to get someone closer. Being very particular about my hair I was worried; however at the end they did a great job and well priced!!!! Coming back for more cuts!!
Big portions, average food
I took my teenage daughter for her birthday--and she thought it was the best meal she's ever had.  Great menu, delicious food, outstanding  service and clean/friendly atmosphere.  Just superb!
This place is a typical greasy spoon.  Mostly previously frozen, Costco junk food.  Yuk!
I can hear it when my upstairs neighbor pees!  Cheap construction!
I was so sad when Doug's Market and Buena Vista Coffee Shop both closed this year! Luckily the Allegheny City Market showed up. Their sandwiches are tasty, and it's great to be able to just grab some hummus or veggies. Plus I'm glad they carry bread from Allegro Hearth!
I've tried time and time again to like this place, but the pizza ,,,hmmm..is mediocre at best...the pazookie ice cream cookie is great and so is the atmosphere..
Best pizza in town!
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):\n7 Food\n8 Service\n8 Atmosphere\n7 Value
The lunch crowd was packed... The wait for seating for 2 was 15 minutes, but the service was good.
Solid mexican food! Tableside guac was pretty good and the del coronado and 3cheese enchiladas were amazing. Benjamin was our server and was extremely friendly. 2 dinners, 2 drinks and tableside guac $73. A lil pricey but fun and worth it!
the sushi was meh. nothing worth your time. also was a victim of my server's racial ignorance at the time of my visit. i will not be going ever again.
Not happy with their service. Telling people that their product will be trashed after 21 days could be helpful.
This was my 1st time and am disappointed . My legs were not waxed neatly and left small scars on my knee and eyebrow while using the tweezer .  The one who did was v nice and friendly but wat matters most is how the Job's done . I have posed two pics have a look at that
Tried the fish and chips.  The fish is not good, there is no other way to explain it.  I threw it away after a few bites.   The food is served hot and that is the only positive I experienced.   Bummer!
I ordered a pizza from this papa johns. Gave my address and waited for the pizza to be delivered. 20 minutes later I received a phone call saying they don't deliver to my address. (3 miles away) when I complained about not being told that when I ordered the manager hung up on me. Horrible customer service.
The mall was pretty big, it was indoor mall and cool inside. They have 2 food courts, and other snacks place like dunkin and pretzel. They have all the sport retail store that I most liked, and they have basic stores like other outlets mall
Gooood
Burger was just OK, service was good, salad & dressing were nasty! Way too expensive for average food. I'd rather get a bistro salad at Trader Joe's for $4!
The food is ok it's sub par TexMex something to the tune of a homemade attempt at Taco Bell. Really wish it would have had something that would make me want to come back I've tried this place 3 times as I like to give a place a few chances. Probably won't be back.
Was not a fan. The service was horrible, pork was chewy and they were out of mac n cheese. The only good thing was they had Big Red on the fountain. I will not return.
Came here with the conference people...not a bad place in the heart of the gay village.  Bit warm upstairs.
I wasn't very pleased with the menu choices, and the flavors were either too much or too little of \"something\" .... but I must say, the service was stellar.
The atmosphere is relaxed, the food is so so, the service is family friendly... grab your drink and eat outside, you've made your day go from good to great when you reach the bottom of your margarita glass.
Closed reopened as The Place closed again this week
Dave's has pretty okay hot dogs, but their prices are astronomical for what  you get. Some reviews mention its pricey thats an understatement be prepared to mortgage your house or sell a kidney for these dogs. M vote not worth it.
The atmosphere is very nice, however this place is overrated & over-priced.  I have had much better Indian food at other places in Charlotte.  The service is okay but not the best.  Unless I was in the area and craving Indian food, I wouldn't go out of my way to come here to eat.
We treat are self to a pizza from here ever few weeks we always get the same one with anchovies mozzarella ham although they offer it with peperoni  and tomatoes it is delicious the crust is firm not soggy and the delivery people are courteous
Pruitts asked me to email them to allow them an opportunity to make it right. So i did. Haven't heard anything else back.
Take grandma here ASAP.  This is the place little girl dreams are made of.  I posted my pics already, they were that awesome.  \nI wouldn't say this is the place to buy all your kids clothes but def. a great place for gifts and out of the ordinary accessories.
3rd time here hoping for better than it is. Always below my expectations. Just because it looks like La Grande Orange, doesn't mean you'll get a comparable product or experience.  It has a long ways to go.
Some of LeSportsac's designs are a little too childish to be wearing on a daily basis but they started using more adult designs that aren't ridiculously cute.\n\nThey always seem to have sales so you can probably expect to pay about half off for a lot of bags.
On the corner of university and mill.\n\nASU \n\nThere is so much to love here.
One of my favorite stores.....but, how come the cashiers are so slow?  I saw returns being made at the register which slowed everything down.  It took forever to be checked out with just 2 items....  :(  I would suggest figuring out returns and where to do them.  Don't make everyone else wait!
Do not order a mixed drink. When asked if there was alcohol the female bartender said that is how she was told to make them. Plus had to wait 15 min just to get service at the bar. Hi Fi and Diercks are much much better!
My experience was good service but sometimes slow. Average food. Delicious and very wide variety pies. Very good shakes
Yes as good as it gets! Fantastico! Fabuloso!
The Bho-Cha tea (salted butter tea) is a bit everybody's cup of tea. It's for the risk takers. Definitely doesn't taste like regular milk.
Its like Sitting at the Airport. Cold ambiance. \nFood just Bad & expensive. I would go somewhere Else. I really regret it
Cool place. Great coffee. Only thing I would change is the staff. They almost seem snobby or just don't really really care about making people happy. Other than that cool environment delicious coffee and green tea with munt.
Good food and beverage although nothing particularly cheap. I don't visit regularly but we're in the back room every December 25th for post-family catch up with friends. Sad that the kitchen is never open on that night though, we might have to switch to Typhoon or something.
Being a Nawlins native I must say, I have never been so disappointed in my life!  Oysters were the size of my pinky nail. Definitely a FAIL!
Good food both in quality and taste.  The staff is friendly a well
Great location, great store! The only reason I took off a star was cause it took me the longest time to find someone who could help me. But once I did they were great! Very nice and helpful.
I love Jimmy John's and I respect that they have teens running the store. But sometimes that makes the service worse. \n\nI travel and pick up sandwhichs on the way to the airport. So I will try again and hope to give a higher score
The view is incredible and so is the scene, great musical and beautiful people . Booking all my pool events here in the future. They treat their customers with respect unlike other beach clubs in Vegas. Can't wait to party here again.
Great food for the NW Valley and awesome happy hour deals!  Plus good service and friendly staff.
Scary good fun!
Great recommendation from my hotel clerk... Cool coffee shop with an awesome breakfast wrap! One block from the capital, I will be back for sure!! Free WiFi and cheap coffee refills!
Try the San Gennaro. So delish! \n\nIf you are ordering out, make sure you ask if they have any specials running, because you won't be told about them otherwise.\n\nOne of the best pizza places in town!
I received my $150 refund check a week ago!
Mushroom pie was delicious & the steak was perfectly cooked, but I got a couple salty patches that were a bit shocking. They were so generous to bring a dessert for my boyfriends birthday. Nice atmosphere- not like your regular quiet steakhouse.
It's a mall. I guess not bad- for a mall. The best part is Bass Pro Shop and Popeye's Chicken.
Stop irritating customers! You asked once if you can help don't ask 20 more times!!!!
As good as it gets!  I got the Blue and it was the best burger that I've ever had.  Amazing service, food, and atmosphere... the patio is terrific too!\n\nAsk for Ben.  He gave us really good service....
A blah sandwich we had to wait 20 minutes for.  Not worth the $8 price tag.  We should have gone across the street to Subway if we wanted a mediocre sandwich and saved a few bucks and some time while we were at it.
This is a buffet of conveyance. The price wasn't bad, they have a decent selection,  but the food wasn't that great. I don't understand how people are giving this place 4 stars on here thats crazy, maybe they know something I don't or caught them on a good day.
You get what you pay for. Typical deli style food,heavy on the oil and not very delicate. Ok for eggs and fruit otherwise...skip!
Not nearly as bad as I anticipated.  I got a dirt cheap rate for a clean place to sleep on the dodgey end of the strip.  If I ever need to be on that end of the strip again I'd probably stay here.
The buffet food is pretty good here.  Nothing super spectacular except everything was good for the price.  I was there recently for lunch.  If I stayed longer, i might try the all day buffet deal for 38$.
Awesome pizza!! Best around .. I have gotten delivery most of the time and it's always quick and reasonably priced. Thanks NYPD!
Cox is sending out flyers in \"spanish\" only.... Why.... I though that English was\nthe language of the country...... We were going to change to Cox from Directv\nNot now....
* I adore European feels hotels in Vegas.\n\n* I wanted to ride the Gondola, but I'm too cheap to fork my $16 for a fake Gondola ride.\n\n* I wished I got that Gelato. :(.
The reviews for Genghis are all over the map; not surprising since the place is so out of the ordinary.  No need to go through the descriptions as you will find them in other reviews. All I can say is we really like the place. Just be careful not to over-spice your bowl.
The service is fast and the food is good for the price, pretty ample menu so everyone should be able to find something they like.
I heard so much though the years about this place that I had to try (especially that it was a 5 minute walk for me). This is a fine bistro but it helps it to be located where there is not too much competition.
5th and final stop of my random night out last night.  we just stood and watched people ride the bull.  it wasn't very entertaining either.  can't speak about the food here but my overall thoughts of the place are SKIP IT!
This place is so amazing!!! I always look forward to my trips to Chicago to stack up on this tasty goodness but now that it's in Vegas is amazing!!! The Chicago mix is the perfect blend of sweet and salty
Do yourself a favor, drive right by this place, turn east on baseline, and drive until you get to Black Bear Diner on the south side of the street. Bad food, bad service.
I'm hooked on this pizza! Love it. Fast delivery.
6$ for a large Americano which was bitter and tasted like coffee was burned? Not worth it.\n\nNot coming back here again.
This place still sucks. Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.
Second visit tonight for dinner.  The Fish with Golden Peppers is absolutely delicious!  Highly recommend.  And, I am one of those people that is weird about fish, so if I like it, you know it's good!
Shady, dirty, dark, and stinky. On the plus side, they do have cheap tables. But despite all that, you come here for  that $1 monster of a hot dog. Five stars for inspiring margarita-drunk ladies to pose promiscuously with this delicacy.
Good, cheap Americanized Chinese food. The Sesame Chicken is bomb and the crab won tons are dericious!  I had my food delivered and I was shocked how fast it arrived, less than 30 minutes!  I'd recommend this place fo' sho'!
I just started juicing and it is very time consuming cutting fruits and veggies especially when you are on a time constraint! This is the perfect place to grab your juice on the go when you are busy. I will most likely become a regular! Shout out to the staff, you guys are awesome!
Very cool. Wander a bit down Fremont Street and give yourself a few minutes to adjust to the darkness and you will be rewarded. This is a comfortable lounge that's unique and different from a lot of the touristy, brightly lit, hot spots. Feels like a locals type joint, which it might be for all I know.
Was here again the other day and found a long black hair entangled in my pad thai noodles.  Yikes!  I'm not coming back.
Best place for movie theater popcorn.
If you have time to kill, you can gamble. Unlike most airports, you would get bored.
Should have read Yelp* reviews before eating here.  Spent 2 days recuperating from stomach trouble at the hotel while my partner threw up.  Not worth gambling your health for cheap food.
One of my favorite places... selection is great and prices are reasonable.
Good German food and a huge beer selection.
Just ordered the orange chicken to find out the chicken was raw!!! \n\nMade zero effort to rectify the situation.  I just hope i don't get food poisoning, will contact clark county health department.
Cute little cafe- typical selection, prices, cafe ambiance.  The food and beverage I've had were good.
There is a Clover machine in this location!!! Good service and surprisingly accessible parking for a location inside a grocery store.
Food is always fresh and the atmosphere is warm and comfy.  My only issue is that the the waitstaff will serve you at random.  One guy for drinks, one person for food, one to bring the check etc.  It gets a little hectic and unorganized.  Peace!
The food is okay, nothing special. I think it's overrated. Nothing special. I think there are more better burgers and fish and chips out there. I think it's only good for survival food. One star is because they have good service and that's about it and nothing more.
God dammit this place is so good.  I got my hair cut by Gerardo himself. I might have to start flying out to Vegas to get my fade.\n\nCertified TIGHT.
Slooow delivery, which ended up being wrong. When contacted to correct the staff was rude & unapologetic. The food: orange chicken was 98% bread. Low mien was bland & chewy.
Ein lauer Sommerabend, sch\u00f6n Picknickdecke dabei, was zu knabbern und zu trinken und einen sch\u00f6nen Film auf der Leinwand. Super Sache!
Caught a weekday matinee. I found the theaters clean and other patrons respectful and they serve KETTLE CORN! My fave. My only complaint is the lack of toilet paper in the restroom.
Was craving a burger and thought I could get it here. The menu pics glorified their burgers too much as the final product looked like a standard fast food burger! Taste was decent but was looking for something of higher quality as they advertise themselves to be.
Maybe because I'm not quite into raw food. The decor is simple  We tried duck, crab and beef. To be honest, I do love the crab, very fresh and tasty. Plus the shape is so creative. Other is not my cup of tea
We tried the Asian cafe over sesame in Tonight to save a little money and time- what an amazing choice!  We got plenty of food with leftovers and it was all very delicious!  Their menu has a lot to offer and I look forward to trying more dishes!
We want highly recommend this restaurant. Great food, good service. Expensive but not too much.\nWent back the day after for 5 to 7 happy hour at the bar. Great formula with nice cocktails and small plates at a very reasonable price. And David the bartender is the must.
All my boys are soccer boys and love the fro-hawk. ...Vicky and Cindy are the ones I have found are really good. Heather too.... Vicky is really good .and knows how to fade the fro-hawks correctly. ... And we have been there ever since. ....
Basketball court is a serious safety hazard. I expect better up keep from a national brand as LA Fitness. The associates at the front desk are unprofessional and sloppy. Yes it's a gym but class is required in any establishment.
Best Tom Kha Gai ever ever! I've eaten almost everything here and it is all top of the line. Excellent service too. The owner is so committed to the cuisine being authentic she has her own kaffir lime tree at home to harvest the leaves.
We stayed here one night during our cross-country trip. The room was really nice and very clean. The hotel itself seemed a little too spread out, and was difficult to find our tower. Once we found the tower everything was great. Good food in the shops attached and the casino was pretty nice too. I would come back here.
Best Tonkatsu ramen in LV in my opinion.  Much better than Sora which was a disappointing experience.
Color nails is my new favorite! Exceptionally clean which is a huge priority for me. Customer service has always been great and they take their time and do a really good job
Everytime I come here I always tell myself ill never come back. After a while I forget and then I go and am reminded of why I didn't like it in the first place. Their smoothies are too thick and are pricey. Not for me.
Very good service, had a large spider crack in my note 3 . Quoted a fare price for bringing my own glass in fixed in a couple of hours.thanks lovely work
Joined some friends, waited at the table for fifteen minutes with no server coming over, so I decided to go to the bar to grab a drink. I waited about five minutes there before being acknowledged. Some really poor service.
They have a good variety on the menu, from oven wood oven baked pizza's to Osso Bucco.  Try the Mamma meatball slider to start!  Went on a saturday night, it was busy, so i can get noisy.
This is a lunch time favorite for me and my friends.  I love the salads and the service is always friendly.  I have only been to dinner there once and it was very loud and the service was slower than at lunch.  Overall a place worth trying in Mt. Lebanon.
This Buffalo's has a very neighborhood feel to it, however, it lacks the size and service qualities that have served me well at various Buffalo's in town.  The wings are always decent and the drinks are usually well put together.  This location is hit or miss depending on the time of day and the amount of people inside.
Food has been great every time i have been here - note that they have fantastic sandwiches for lunch in addition to their pastries.  The staff is super nice.  And they have phenomenal desserts.  My husband also raves about their coffee.  So glad to have this little bakery in our town.
Very friendly service with just right amenities for the business traveler. It has some nice added features like a big pool and health club as well as a well stocked bar and pool table. It's convenient to the airport though there's not much else in the immediate area.
Checked it out the other day with my girlfriend.  We both agreed.....very, very cute and unique stuff and pretty affordable!!!  Loved the store.....I'm a fan, I will be back! Definitely not a cookie-cutter type of place!
A funky old house, I believe, converted to restaurant.  The waffles are amazing (and we eat real waffles at home all the time), the chicken was just as you would expect...wonderful.  A real treat!
If you like to order your drinks by color and suck from a fistful of straws from a fishbowl...and watch college kids fight and vomit, Wando's is the place for you...and it is fun, the boys are cute and unconcious, what more could you ask for?
Fantastic brunch! The food was delectable; huge portions! We ordered a couple items that were unable to be prepared due to lack of ingredients but the staff went above and beyond to compensate. Amazing service and super cute birthday card for Mom. Love this place!
very helpful staff and one of the best lookin lowes i have ever seen
I love that they do my gel nails exactly how I want them. If not exactly then better.
Paid $29.99 for weekend brunch! Food was Mediocre. Crepe was bad. Selection was weak, not worth the $$.  Never coming back. Good thing we didn't have to wait in line.  Should have requested for a refund!
Just got my shrimp jammers at Tommy Rocker's. They are delicious! Great place for lunch.
Bad service only the hostess is good & her name is Judy.  It took forever for them to come & help me.  I waited 15 min just to get my drink order & it was not busy at all.   Finally Judy came over and it was sq away.  I would not come here again.
good food
My girlfriend was riding by herself. Without warning, the cab driver tried to grope her chest and solicited sexual favors. He did take her to her destination, but it was a harrowing experience. Royal Cab has the entire story, but they have not responded to this complaint at all.
There are many excellent pizzerias in Charlotte, but this one is my favorite! They use fresh ingredients and their dough has an excellent consistency.  They also make excellent cheese steaks.
Wow the Gulab  Jamun from here is AMAZING!!
This place is a great little hole-in-the-wall restaurant.  Love the Teriyaki chicken that they have here and the prices are good too.  The owner was always very nice whenever I went here.  Miss going to eat here now that I've moved out of the area.
My family of four really enjoyed our burgers! Our waiter, Ben, was so  attentive, pleasant, professional and knowledgeable about the menu. We had a delicious lunch!
I love going here for their pastries! I usually go here after eating @ Honey Pig which is next door(a good place to eat for lunch & dinner which is all u can eat & also they are open 24 hours!) My Favs are custard pastries & the cookies!! Great service!!
Worst service I've ever had. Paid for $100 car wash, an hour and a half later came back and they forgot about my car. Then had to argue 30 minutes for a full refund. On top of it all I love with a dirty car. Never going back.
I have NEVER had a worse pedicure. The girl that was doing my pedicure could not even be bothered to Rub in all the lotion on my legs. She was very fast with zero attention to detail.
We were so happy that Dianne could bring her Frickin' Awesome Face Painting to our daughter's4th birthday party!  Her business name says it all.  She is a fantastic artist, and such a wonderful person to work with.  Thanks Dianne, we'll be spreading the word about you and definitely calling again!
Great flavor in the Kansas City beef ribs, but unfortunately the inside was cold... Makes me wonder if they just reheat everything... Brisket was good and with the 3-4 different BBQ sauces you'll find a flavor that suits your tastes.
I go to the Carolina's on Cactus because it is convenient and the food is fantastic. The portions are huge and the atmosphere is casual but fun. The tortillas are fresh and fantastic. The price is reasonable. It's just easy to go there and get a good meal.
Shrimp and veggie dish delicious.  Rare beef pho very good.  Chicken pho good but broth a little too pungent for my taste.
Chill place to hangout but tiny back room dance floor. You can't even bring drinks to the dance floor back there that looks like an alley way haha  =/
The food was very good, but the service was horrible. Our waitress never refilled our waters and only came to the table to bring us the check after we flagged her down (and it was a Wednesday).
Ambiance is awesome. Service couldn't be worse. I've been here twice - shouldn't have given it a second chance, definitely will NOT give it a third. There are so many other places worth visiting in Vegas. So go take a picture there, but skip ordering a drink. NOT JOKING!!
I tried a gelati with the mint chocolate chip and chocolate on top. I loved it! It's super rich though, do the small was definitely the right size to get. The price wasn't bad and the guys working there gave us samples and we're super nice! I will be back!
We had a great time. Had bottle service with Katie. who was super friendly. Our drinks were never empty, and that was nice because we were celebrating a birthday. The music and atmosphere were great.
Very pleasant atmosphere here with an older crowd that is refreshing to me.  Food was typical IHOP, nothing bad but nothing great either.  Prices were fair.  Service was better tha most places today.  Among the better IHOPS in Phoenix area I'd say.
Another well executed breakfast sandwich only 3 problems. 1- where is the ham I ordered and paid for, 2- what happen to my egg, 3- and that's a half a slice of cheese on there! WTF !!! I hate fast food joints sometimes
A long time favorite, still puts out great steaks, ambiance, exceptional wine list and spirits (only place I've seen 50 year Macallan) and impeccable service.  Prime Steakhouse is a classic throwback to 1930s style chop houses, well worth the visit.  Their bone-in Rib eye is amazing!
Saying the sushi here is overpriced is an understatement. Especially in a town that has plenty of great local sushi places. Service was a tad overbearing. Asked the waiter to give us something different, he brought us california rolls with real crab. Meh.
very slow service then it was kinda like Jerry Springer with 2 of the waitress. Yelling at each other in front of the customers. It was kind funny. Food was just okay it does need new Management for sure.
WOW!! Great food, great service,  it needs no more needs no more words go try it but save me a spot at the community table in the bar
A-1 has been servicing our fire extinguishers for may years.  Their service and expertise leaves no doubt that we meet all code and safety requirements\n\nArt Berkowitz\nCreative Eye Embroidery, Inc.
DO NOT EAT HERE! FOUR of us in our group got FOOD POISONING!!! Completely awful food too! Should be paying for my ER bill as well. Go eat at RA Sushi in Vegas on thecstrip instead, much better place.
Eric is great with my hair.  Very knowledgable with products, certain styles, and extremely personable.   I'll fly in from out of town to get an appointment with him.  Salon itself is consistently kept neat and clean with a comfortable waiting area and great staff.   My top pick in PHX.
Don't bother stepping foot into this place if you value your time. Customer service leaves a lot to be desired, and I just finished waiting over two hours to get a small leak repaired. AVOID THIS STORE
The corn was so good! The wagyu skirt steak was good, but not great. A little pricey but the food is good. My wife got the scallops which were tasty.
I should have gone to the Central Ave location.
The parking to this place is a bit funky since it's shared with China buffet. I ordered the regular I'll be in debt and it was good.. I drove across town for this place, I wouldn't make the drive again but if I was in the area I would definitely try their hot dogs next time.
Great place. Huge portions and very interesting food! Saw this on Man v. Food so I knew that I had to try it. What I got I didn't really like but what everybody else was eating looked amazing!
Such a shame this place closed.   A greedy landlord forced the tenant out and has had an empty building on his hands since.  \n\nThe food was awesome and the ambiance was very Munich.   I will miss this place.
I love the relaxed vibe of this place, and am obsessed with their homemade salad dressing! I also love their eggplant bruschetta. I live in San Diego now, but whenever I am back in Scottsdale, I have to stop by Nello's!
The only reason I came here is because I wanted to poke the girl at the counter, but she got fat after 6 months working there, so I would never come back over to this shithole.
Their bakery counter...so much to choose from...decisions, decisions! I chose the Turtle chocolate bar, which was yum! They have a microwave there, so I nuked it for a few seconds and it was even better!
Food was not great. Decent at best. What saved this review was the desert. Everything else did not taste well.\n\nCame here last year. It's as if the quality went down hill.
order cupcakes- not impress had better\nonly the carrot cake well was good \nas for the other 5 the icing was the only thing good( cake mix nasty)
Great sushi. We always sit at the preparer bar location to watch as our sushi is made. Our server was excellent and talking to the sushi preparer was very interesting. We experimented with a few different dishes and each was delicious.
Junior's your pizza is awesome.  So why no more than 3 stars?  Well because you charge $25 for a two topping pizza.  I don't need to get raped with marinara sauce. Seriously this place is pretty good, but just ridiculousy overpriced.  Pizza in NYC is about $8 cheaper.  What gives?
This a nice movie theater. They have kettle corn popcorn so this is the main reason I go here. The staff was playing on their iPhones when I approached the ticket counter, but I don't expect a lot when I go to a place like this that teenagers normally work.
My boss was visiting from Texas and we wanted to get a decent breakfast so I found this place...I would only suggest the signage be a bit better as I had to go around twice and then ask someone where it was as it's upstairs.  Once up there this is fabulous and the service was great.
Would not recommend bought a chili Relleno burrito with carna asada meat paid 2 dollars extra for meat it was the smallest burrito I've ever gotten at a burrito place and cost 8 dollars  I complained and they didn't care so I've never been back
I got coconut shaved ice with condensed milk and pineapples and it was pretty yummy. The portions are pretty big, I ordered the smallest one and had to share. Great price for how much I get.
Food is always good but with only half the tables occupied at 1:40 PM none of the empty tables were being cleaned. We, and right now the next 4 groups have had to clean their own tables.
I don't know how you could justify a 3 hour wait for pizza.  I guess it's like Flavor Flav said, \"Don't, don't, don't, don't belive the hype!\"
Went here on Labor Day weekend,  Saturday night. It wasn't too crowded.  We got a nice spot in the back on some nice couches. The waiter was very friendly and informative.  We tried some wine and dessert.  It's a little pricey, but we will be back.  Overall a really good experience.
Jerry was fantastic!  My carpets look brand new.  He is not only a professional but friendly and nice.  He gave me a very fair price and helped get rid of terrible pet stains.  I couldn't be happier.  Also everyone with the company is very nice and helpful.  Highly recomend.
The food is good. The customer service is horrible. I asked 2 of the workers questions and they both ignored me.
Great food, great atmosphere!  Will definitely return again.
Not very pleased with our experience. Duck tasted good, but delivery was poor. We received the duck and 5 minutes later we received our rice. Would not recommend or come to this location again.
This CVS is open 24 hours a day. The pharmacy is quick in getting your prescription ready within 15 minutes. I only use this when my hospital's pharmacy is closed on the weekends.
Lynda is meticulous in her work. She takes her time and leaves you with the prettiest nails!  She's also very knowledgeable about her products and super easy to talk to.  Then again,  we are both from NH so we had plenty to talk about! I'll definitely be coming back.  :)
Wonderful food.  Also just got an A+ rating from the health department.  Always a plus to know the kitchen is clean.  Wonderful selection and fair priced.
Everyone has a love at Earl's mine is tuna melt. Go find yours..
I have been to this club a couple of times. I always had fun each time I've been there. The table service was great, sanitary and professional. There's always been a large crowd whenever I've been there. The DJs have always been awesome as well!
Wow. Ghetto really is the word here. Security for a grocery store?!  Had the double doors closed one on right and one on left so you had to zig zag through the entrance too.
Very good! Highly recommend.  I had the  Buffalo Scramble. Loved it!
Great customer service and good selection of grains and yeast.
What can I add that others haven't already said?  This place is adorable, the food is delicious, the wine selection is admirable and the employees are great.  \n\nGo.  Go now.
The Wings...that is all.
I've gone here to get brazillians from Katie based on the review below and I completely agree. she does a great job, very fast, as painless as these things can get and the price was great.
I love Zonie Baskets! I ordered something for my dad for father's day and had it shipped to Wisconsin. The owner also threw in a free gift!
This place won't be open very long if they're not staffed! I just walked in stood there for 10 min & no one was there to help me so I left!
Food was good had yellow curry and pad Thai.  Service was good also.  Two entrees and drinks with refills to go all under 20$
Called and got a quote the same day. Crew came out the next day and did a great job! Price wasn't too bad either!
Went to the Cornerstone for brunch recently and was delighted. My meal portion was plentiful and delicious. My mimosa was perfectly made and the service was friendly and quick. My coffee mug was never empty. I will definitely return for brunch and probably try dinner at some point, as well.
Really fun. Really packed on weekends. Inexpensive drinks. Also, available to order is a vodka drink made with fresh squeezed fruit.
Good wings. Bad pizza. Poor setting. Don't waste your time, go to Tony Sacco's or Lorenzo's pizza instead to get your fix. The strip mall is in a nice area so has potential but there are much better options available.
Typical fremont casino. Liked bennys bull pen and still want to try the steakhouse. My bf likes to gamble here.
The other reviews are pretty accurate.  These guys don't take the time to do anything more than push the dirt around.  Definitely won't be going back here.
The bread is baked as your sandwich is made.  Got the Reuben  sandwich.  Put all of the fillings on one half, the pastrami was tasty, but the sandwich fillings have gotten skimpier over the years.  LONG lines around lunchtime.\n\nStill a good sandwich if you are willing to wait.
The pizza here was just great. The crust is luscious, the sauce and the toppings very tasty and smothered all over the pie. The people were very nice and the Yelp! Deal was amazing. What more could a customer want?
Not worth it! Too expensive and too much waiting in line!
What do you mean a dirty chia doesn't come with any espresso? Does anyone here know what they're doing?
Awesome food and great lunch specials. My son and I ate lunch there for under $15. You can't be that. Our waitress was great as well.
Tempura, service, and beer special good... quality of product BAD!!! Not worth the value.
Everything they have are overly sweet, like sugar is free.....\nAnd there is always a long long long line-up. \nDon't understand why people would have their bubble tea here instead of nos the....
I stop by and it was a nice place but the prices are a little too high, I ordered the shrimp ceviche and it was the blend with no flavor whatsoever, I don't think I'm coming back. ALTATAS restaurant is the place to go avoid this poor imitation restaurant.
Awful pancakes! \nI love pancakes and these were nearly inedible.  The first batch came out undercooked and had to send back \nSecond batch was just gross. \nWill never go back again.
The food was good, but not worth waiting 60 minutes for. Our bolognese dishes were pricey...and not oversized. It was my first time here and couldn't compare to an earlier time. There are so many other great restaurants in the area that I would not return here.
It's like my food was cooked then marinated in methane...\n\nSubstandard.
Great.  It's a nice little hole in the wall Thai place.  They make really great spring rolls and only had Pad Thai and Panang, but both are awesome!
Second year here. Elevators still do not work and the front desk doesn't.have their act together. Expect long lines at check in and long waits at the elevator.
The price is pretty high considering the mediocre steak. Seems to be in good business, perhaps because it is beside the theater.
Went in this afternoon to purchase a gun, left empty handed due to rude customer service. These reviews are pretty on point-- the sales guy was WAY impressed with himself. Dissapointing. They lost a sale because of him.
My daughter bought me tickets for my birthday.  Lucky me.  It was an amazing show.  Acrobatics and people twirling everywhere.  I had a little trouble following the storyline, but still enjoyed the show.  It was my first Cirque du Soleil and it will not be my last.
Had a great happy hour food was great and staff.
Let me just say, Carnitas. It doesn't matter if it's a burrito or a bowl. If it's carnitas, it's good. Black  or pinto beans. Both are delicious. The rice is perfectly laced with lime.\n\nSecond best  is barbacoa.
My friend Kip describes The Beach as \"a bastard child of a Tijuana dive joint and a Vegas club\". This is true. But I still had a shitload of fun here.
This was a great dining experience!  I enjoyed everything about this restaurant.  Very nice outdoor seating in a quiet location, great food and good service.  Can't wait to go back!
Very good food & service!!
Very good food, excellent service, and great beer selection. They have good ciders as well. If it weren't quite so pricey, I'd give it 5 stars...
The check in woman was a complete c word.  She was too busy with her nappy hair to give a crap about us checking in.   The pina colada was disgusting and gave me the shits.
Here on tour. Pretty much perfect - get the combo platter, try all those great NC sauces. Baked beans were a nice surprise. Essential eating if you're in Charlotte
JSK Taekwondo is great. The family atmosphere is awesome. I can't imagine going anywhere else. Keep up the great work!
Great staff, great facility, they took wonderful care of my buddy Socks while we were away. Highly recommended!
Roku is to sushi as \"The Golden Child\" is to Eddie Murphy movies -- far closer to the bottom than the top.\nRoll selection was weak, and construction was worse. Having said that, their crab dynamite was delicious.
INSANELY HORRIBLE SERVICE. But excellent food. The graveyard breakfast country fried steak is a killer!
Nice hotel! I like to stay here all the time. Eventho they have no cirque du soleil shows and it's preety boring here beside.\nThe parties at the marquee are preety annoying and the drunk people control the hotel.
Probably the worst chinese I've had in years. Sweet and sour had almost no sauce, and the kung pao chicken tasted like beef stew, not spicy at all. Not worth half what I paid.
Extremely fast service food was out quick and fresh! Would most likely come back soon! Recommend this to anyone.
Horrible service. Terrible showroom from 1980. Poor attitude by employee. $17 bucks for two balloons, which the employee self proclaimed he didn't know how to inflate with the helium tank. \n\nLet it fold so another small business can have the spot and contribute to the community.
Love this place! fresh food, great drinks and very friendly staff!
I only like this place because I am Indian and they serve good authentic Indian food.  Haha.
The reviews does not lie... horrible service, unfriendly atmosphere and to top it off, even worse pho! The pho restaurant across the street was much better! Hopefully their other dishes is better than the pho...
Love cjs! Cheap and cheerful. Great service and quirky decor. Best breakfast in edinburgh.
This place has always been me & my family's favorite!
Used to go to Mike's when he first opened it a little strip mall on Dunlap.  A friend of ours was his chef.  Followed him for years and then lost touch so was glad to see he was still in business.  But...It's overrated.  Slow service.  Good waiter.
I like the fact it tastes more natural than artificial with the flavors.
Room service had an hour wait, so I tried this place. Not worth the $$$.
Best pancakes I've ever had.  This will be a stop for me in Vegas from now on
Berry lemonade and veggie burger w/Sriracha made me very happy!
This poor review is strictly regarding my experience with the tennis courts. I played a tennis match here and found out from my opponent that almost ALL the courts have dead spots where the ball dies.\n\nI would not recommend playing tennis matches here unless they fix the dead spots.
Great buys cut too. My 2 year son enjoyed it and was treated like an adult, not a kid, which made him feel grown up. Thanks guys!
This is a good place if you are looking for North Indian food. But if you are looking for Dosa, Chapati etc this is not the place.
The late night menu at cafe fiesta is decent and priced well. Pancakes though are some of the best I have had! My 5 year old loves the buffet.
I love Big Lots! Every time I come here, I spend way too much time going down every aisle to look at all the stuff. Yes, some of the things are cheaper elsewhere, but for the most part things are a good deal. I go in for a few things and end up spending more than I want to. :-P
The owner/manager of the suites was the rudest most unprofessional person I have ever met. When talking with her she was dressed like a bum with half of her eye lashes hanging off. I would never recommend anyone to visit the Park West location ever.
Good beer good food good people and good environment how could you go wrong
Excellent sandwiches at very fair prices. You can't go wrong with the spicy chicken panini!
This is a good take out place.  It's too bad they're take out only.  I love their food and use them because they make my favorite dish- Singapore noodles.  Just wish it wasn't so expensive!
My daughter and I had the beef fried rice and the Pad Thai, respectively. Both were dry and rather tasteless. Mine was allegedly Veggie Pad Thai, but there were only four small pieces of broccoli, a handful of onions, and some chives. I will give them another try, but was quite disappointed this time.
I LOVE this place! Tina & Hannah are the best!!!!
This place is a hit and miss sometimes The service is not that good But the food is Went there last night ordered hamburgers well-done they came out medium rare So we had to wait for For them redo Another 30 minutes No apologize no free drink here your  ticket bye-bye
Solid poutine the hotdogs were good. The portions here are massive! The service was great. The place looks like an old diner and seemed very clean. The fact this place can put out a solid poutine at 4 a.m is a major plus! Great late night spot
Great for Pho. Best place in town, truly authentic. Reasonably priced, and delicious every time!
Just waited 30 minutes for a drink. Ordered and waited another 20. Left with 0 drinks. Wish I could give 0 stars. Too under staffed. Thanks for wasting our time.
5 stars all around from the top-notch bartenders, to the super-sexy atmosphere, to the music, to the drinks! I love this place. It's romantic and classy yet very cozy, comfortable and relaxing. Perfect for a smokin hot date. I highly recommend this place.
I have been coming here since 2012. I never had a problem with the doctors, they're always calm but quick to solve the problem. Sometimes the receptionists are rude, but I never see those ones when i return. I come for immediate action without the long wait at ER or Drs office.
Food is really salty.. kinda taste like they put msg in everything but good service and good variety of foods
My one star is for the turkey burger alone.  I wouldn't go back to dine here again, but I would order it to go, it was very good...but a little over priced.  Burger places shouldn't be pretentious in my opinion, and this place oozes that.
The food is wonderful but mistakes are often made. We order there quite a bit and it's almost never specifically what we ordered. We keep ordering though, as I said the food is really good.
The restaurant has a good atmosphere and there were alot to choose from. The prices are reasonable, more on the cheap side, and the food was very delicious.
Went two days in a row to be sure it was really as bad as it is.  Shrimp scampi is a good example, chopped spaghetti with  a dozen popcorn shrimp stirred in, small portion served cool, high priced for warmed over \"stuff\"
Great inexpensive place.
Kevin Vale and Michael Baker are distracted professionals.\n\nThey do not have the time to adequately represent their clients.\n\nThey let the other attorneys run right over them. \n\nDo not waste your hard earned money on this firm.
Closed....yelp still has this location listed on s. Jones.....CLOSED. And I couldn't write review without at least 1 star..
I usually don't eat Chinese food outside of the home as vegetarian options are limited & when present, are usually typical. This restaurant had great service, good spacious seating, & a variety of good vegetarian options that were unique.
You will get value meals.\n\nUnhealthy as in all American Restaurants, but if you don't eat burgers and fries on a daily basis, it will not harm you.
Just right!  Good portion for the price.  We were all satisfied with our dinner, food was served to the table just as I was returning from the drink station.  Friendly staff, clean place and great music!\n\nCouldn't find any hi-chairs though.  \n\nWe will definitely be going back!
Expected more, based on the hype created in advertising & local cable station. I've been to a lot of theme parks and with my 10 & 11 year old they got bored quick! I didn't feel the need to ride the coaster even though I love coasters myself. In summary, ride once not an all day pass!
I love these cupcakes.  I heard about this place from friends.  They visited there a week before I did.  You can customize your cupcake to your taste buds.  You can pick your cake, filling , frosting, and decoration.  In Vegas, leave the strip and venture out.
This is a fun little place. I've been coming in here for about a decade now, lots of fun memories.
Not much to add to my review from July. I had the same dinner, the same drink.  LOVE it...LOVE it.   Keep the margs and warm tortilla chips coming!
Terrible ceasar  salad dressing. Fish of day overcooked. Baked potato was fine. Broccoli just broccoli.  Malt was very good. Lobster bisque good but over salted.  Food was just ploppped on plate. Definitely wont be back. The coconut shrimp was very good.
That's a lot of food.
Love this place!!!! Great FRESH  sushi!
I'm a fan but I went last night and the valet told us that Pasta Bar closed last week.
Personally I hate this location but sometimes I join others who go to this one. EVERY TIME I order spicy garlic wings it comes out tasting different I have no clue why and that is the reason I hate this location.
Took the family here and we really enjoyed it. The service was fantastic and the food is very retro.
The place has a cute setup but nothing else impressed me here. With all the sushi places that are in  Vegas I'm sure there are numerous better options.
Fun!
Tomo was one of the first sushi places out here in the West Valley...way before it was cool to go eat sushi :P They have had consistently good food and decent service throughout the years. Happy Hour prices are good too! Tomo is a solid place to go if you're in the mood for sushi!
Wanted to use my Groupon, and they were closed for renovation! Not sure how long that will last, but you may want to call first if you are thinking of going soon. Will update when I can actually go!
WOW! So much information! I loved the interactive learning and the creative ways to get visitors involved. Very hands on. Sometimes a bit overwhelming with all the noise and different audio going on. We spent 2 hours there and could have been there longer. The line up photo booth was fun! We learned a lot!
This place is closed down
I read all the bad reviews but still decided to give them the benefit of the doubt and go eat there. Bad idea. The food was terrible. Please do yourself a favor and listen to the bad reviews. They are all true.
food's mediocre for dinner.\n\nI kind of enjoyed doing dim sum here though.\nMy man is an ABC (American Born Chinese) and he thought the food was meh.
Great foodie lunch, kids loved the waffles.  Live music and lots of room for the kids to run around.
ahaha hahaha ahhahahah ahahaha.....\n\nuhhh.... no.\n\nNo.  simply... \n\nyeah.  no.
The spa is immaculate and they promptly seated me and my five friends for our one hour massages. They do try to sell up the treatments but they are not pushy. Very relaxing and well worth the money spent.
Still terribly expensive, but the selection is always worth a look.  The Pinot Noir section is so Overpriced it's silly.  But, wow, I'm like a kid in a candy store while visiting BEVMO!
Outdoor meal in the summer.  Loved the grilled vegetables and an excellent salad.  We were surprised and impressed.
Call this pizza for getting yourself the best insult in the city. Order the pizza they will promise delivery in 30 minutes, call to verify your order they will say it takes 1.5 hrs to reach for the delivery, and you would be asked to cancel if you want to know the status. Have respect and eat with some sense in this great city.
Kids liked this place - the free peanuts and the burger/fries.  It is a bit expensive compared to fast food places but I really enjoyed the few fries I tried.  Can't wait to come back and try a burger myself.  The staff was very friendly.
Most unprofessional group I have ever seen. Sat in the lobby and waited for my wife to get out of therapy while the so-called owner talked about why pregnant people are sexy (pervert!) Needless to say my wife won't be going back to that hell hole.
What a truly amazing view and ride through that mountainside! I will recommend this place to anyone that ends up in the area. It is something to see for sure
This place is awesome. Great atmosphere. And the food is great! I got a basic two egg breakfast and it was all perfectly prepared. My boyfriend had the chicken fried steak and that was delicious a well. Service was wonderful. We never had to ask for water. Can't wait to come back another time and try lunch!!
Chantelle is awesome! She is so nice and you can have a conversation with her the whole time.  She makes sure to get every little hair and I always go to her
Solid pizza with good service.\nSmaller shop with less seating.
Basil mozarella burger is the best
Punchline: expect a wait for food and inattentive service on weekdays, but sushi is terrific. Recommend the King Maki and Times Square rolls and sashimi.
No comment...
I was not terribly impressed with the tacos--tortillas didnt hold up, beans tasted like they were out of a can and rice was salty...too many good mexican places in town to bother with this one!!
Very professional and did a super job. Would recommend them highly to anyone who needs carpet, tile, or upholstery cleaning. They even have general house keeping services, but I didn't use those so I can't comment.
Beautiful and perfect environment with a standard Benihana food!!!
love this place! the only bad part is the LONG wait! BUT you can always count on some music under the stars drinking moscato while you wait to be seated! (:
The music was great but the crowd was way too young. And I felt like I was about to fall down the stairs climbing that horrible climb. No. Not again.
Enjoyed a fun night with friends. Best fish n chips! We had a party of at least 13 and the waitress was amazing.
Please don't go by my rating as I have not ben there. I was looking for reviews on eyelash extensions and did not find any. Scary there are a lot of bad reviews and my eyes are pretty important. No room for error
Exceptional restaurant. Good vibe, delectable food, and ultra personal/friendly staff. Christopher's feels life changing, every time.
Lots of LCD HD Screens make this a good place to check out a game. The atmosphere is a little bland, but this bar is part of the hotel it's connected to, so you can't expect it to be too crazy. All in all decent bar.
Absolutely hands down the best Hookah lounge Iv'e ever been to.  Truly a gem in Vegas!
Room is pretty decent, customer service is horrible, OMG, those people look n acted like they hated their jobs, apart from that it is in a very convinient place near everything, n it had almost everything we needed
Bought a detail was and wax the outside and clean the inside.  Picked up the car there we marks from the wax pen on the window.  I pointed out several places that were still dirty.  I hired them because I didn't want to spend a Saturday detailing the car.  Never again.  I will do that again.
Its worth it.....I will come back!!
Used to go here all the time.  New management changed the format, the great bartenders left,  lost all the regulars and now it looks like a mortuary every time I drive by.  Sad really. I used to love this place,
great stir fry with big portions and great for leftovers. a little pricey.
Great and I mean really great burgers with a ton of menu variety at the Mirage. \n\nI try to eat here every time I am in Vegas and you should too. It's good value and serious quality.
Its Taco Bell
Tour was short, but interesting. Food is ok and beer is ok.  It's interesting to check out the local brewery scene though.  It has potential with a stage for a band setup.  Could be a nice local hangout spot on a Friday or Saturday night for those in the neighborhood.  Bottled beer that we took home was flat.
Great Pizza place.  I like the thin crust but must warn you that if you order for pick up by the time you make it home it will be cold and soggy.  I had it there and enjoyed it freshly out of the oven.  The place is very nice and always busy.
I drove by twice daily and only tried the dim sum once. The price was reasonable and very pleasant service. I was truely surprised that it felt like I was sitting in a giant ashtray. The food was not good and since I had no interest in the very large and attractive\ndesert displays it was obviously not a place for me.
Bottomless mimosas for $15...and they are nice and strong! Bacon pancake dippers did not disappoint.    I'll definitely return.\n\nThe only downside is you pay for parking .  $3 for the day and MTO validates for 1/2 of the charge.
Great price for a quality breakfast...definately will be back for more!!!
I went there for a Deaf EXPO. This place is so huge and beautiful. It is in the right location because the bar/restaurants are nearby. The parking garage is across the street. I enjoyed this visit very much.
Serving is absolutely awful. Dont come if you dont want to waste your time here. Seriously! \nThe waiters and waitresses are mostly blind and they wont notice you until you stand up and walk to the front desk.
Awesome sandwiches.  The bread is the best!
Great service. They were prompt and professional.  I had a very short wait at exam and pick up visits. Staff was cheerful and friendly.
Great selection & helpful staff.\n\nFast internet and comfy seats.
I didn't even know that Wednesdays you get half off if you wear PJ's...I'm coming in boxers next time!
Average downtown Thai restaurant, nice for a quick workday lunch with peers.  OK, fresh hot Thai food.  Nothing too special.  Would I go back?  Yes, but there are other better options.\n\nNote - they had a very brisk business on a Thursday afternoon lunch, don't be surprised to wait for a table.
Food is not so great..very limited items...it's better to try some other restaurant..it's not worth of paying 15 $ for buffet and eating nothing
Dirty in the winter, understandable, don't like when I get a red eye and I have to put my own coffee in
Chicken pot pie and chicken and dumplings are the bomb! The sides are always delicious as well.
Consistently good food, and good value. Stand-outs for me are the pork buns (of course), Sukhothai, and Chiang Mai noodles.
Went there with a friend who was trying on wedding dresses.  The staff was really helpfully and really seemed to listen to what the bride to be wanted.  The prices on all their dresses are really great and they still look like a million bucks. Would definitely recommend this place as a first stop for bridal shopping.
Very solid NC Style BBQ - down to earth place with nice people.  Eat everything, you'll like a lot of it.
Located in the backyard of a residential neighborhood. Wait gets long - get there early or try another day. Not mind blowing barbecue just nice family style place.
Ok a new experience today - shopping Sunday morning and trying to check out there is not one checker at at a station. Looking around and trying to make eye contact with someone. It's been about five minutes and someone finally paged someone after I gave a wtf look to them....  What's up with this Smiths?
Not impressed.\n\nThe service wasn't that great and my tacos were very greasy.
We visited because this place had good yelp reviews, but it was a complete let down.  It was nearly dead around 10pm, and within 30 minutes it started closing.  So we left and went to a real pub -Whiski Bar if you're interested.
Very good.  It's the big semi-curtained off restaurant on the north end of the Mekong Plaza food mall hall, in case you're unfamiliar with the layout.  I'm rating it for the various takeout noodle dishes as I haven't tried the (very popular) dim sum yet.
Had an excellent evening out with friends at mastro's.   This is my second time here and both times it's been above my expectations.  It's got a somewhat more casual feel than a lot of the fancier places, which I like.  One of the better steaks I've had in Vegas for sure.
I travel really often, both domestically and internationally, and I must say this airport is one of the most excellent airports ive been to! The people who work here are so so pleasant and kind. And there a great variety of food options that are all close together.
Best pork burrito I've ever had. Best airport meal ever! Hope to fly through PHX again just to get one!
Excellent food and service every time! I love the vegetarian options like the create your own spring rolls, hot pot, and rice noodle dishes. The staff memorize your favorites after only a couple of visits and can provide recommendations if you don't want to read the lengthy list of options.
Everything was nice that night ,friends,food,music and wine selection. They done taketh it away by letting Julie the waitress work there nice nasty tude. She was spoil more so than the grapes. Julie, get a grip on your tude and not the money
This was the worst place I have ever stayed. I felt like I was in a motel six. A bug in my bed , couch was mixed match cushion, not very clean.  Gross
This spot has pretty good Jack In The Box food.\n\nBut beer makes it better.
We have been using Heather and her team at Lucky Me Pet Care for the past year and they are wonderful. Our two dogs are so happy when we return from travel. We get nightly pictures of our fur children texted to us and a daily report on their behavior and activity. We simply won't use anyone else.
What's not to love? Its a great hidden NY style pizza spot. Pizza is fresh, fast and price isn't bad considering its on the strip. The guys who work there are always friendly. Love the variety of things they have for you to shake on the pizza since you get it. Highly recommend!
French dip is off the chain! A must eat in Scottsdale. Staff is well trained and friendly.
This place was cheap, but too cheap. Not in the \"it's a bargain\" kinda way. My room smelled of smoke, the building was crappy, and it's so far off the strip. I know it looks close to things, but it's still a trek. Don't waste your money here.
Disappointing!  Another let down by Encore! Sandwiches were not huge like on the Wynn Channel. Flavor and service fell short. I do not recommend this place unless you want to stay close to the sports betting section.\n\nSpend your money elsewhere.
I didn't love this place.. the pizza tasted burnt. we went in a group of 6 ppl and ordered  different types of pizza, but they all were a bit burnt with the burnt taste. Although, I did not like their food the location of this restaurant was fantastic, and the ambiance was wonderful as well with friendly staff.
Great Italian food and pizza at reasonable price.
Great barber shop. Clean, friendly, and skilled. Just wish they were open Saturdays and closed a diff day of the week. \n\nStop in and give these guys a try. You won't regret it.
I like coming here. Saw the Lion King. Bathrooms get crowded so you better hurry.  I'll be back.
Nice place close to home to have breakfast or lunch if you don't feel like cooking.  Tried the special, a Hawaiian burger with a turkey patty, was very delicious!  Other good was good too.  Kids chicken fingers and biscuits and gravy.
AMAZING FOOD , WORST SERVICE. They need more servers on just like most restaurants on the strip. Not only lack of service, but bad service when my waiter did come around. If I came back it would have to be at a less busy time. Because the food was amazing!
They have great deals, 50% off all regular rolls- seems to be an all day every day special but they are delicious. The salmon skin, eel, and yum yum salmon roll were good. The other items are more typical but deals on sushi are great considering the price.
Honestly, the only reason I ever come in here is to use their bathroom.  So, the only reason the shops is even getting 2 stars is because they are kept relatively clean.  I cannot even tell you what shops are in this place.
Circle R Farm food truck is outstanding!\nTrack it down for a gourmet meal. Fresh Turkey, Filet,Duck sliders.
I am so sad they closed this store.  This was so much better than the one in Fashion Square mall.  Please, bring it back.  I'll buy more dresses!
Just had a good meal here. Love the local places when in Vegas. Treat yourself here for good eats then walk next store to Art of Flavors for gelato. Can't go wrong.
This place isn't as good as your simple Panda Express, but some dishes are good.  I personally liked the salmon sushi and the hot and sour soup.  Kids have a variety of selections including fruit.  Worth 3 stars but I am still looking for the 5 star Chinese buffet here... Wish me luck!
Great place, Great owners. Best Tea downtown madison hands down, and a nice place for a light meal, or a date. Yes, they have reasonable policies like last call at 10:15pm and no shoes in the floor seating areas. Be respectful and you'll have a great experience.
Disgusting ass mexican't Burger king! uuhgg so gross!
Food is extremely SALTY.  The chef's taste buds are probably shot and he/she adds way too much salt to EVERYTHING!  I'm never going there again.  Not balanced in the flavors whatsoever.
Excellent food & friendly service! We will definitely be back! The guac is amazing by the way, definitely a must try starter.
Lots of food and grease. Enuff said.
Love church's but the service here is a joke always slow, you would think at noon they would be prepared for lunch. The staff is always very impersonal and act put out to serve you. This location needs some serious help
I like WikiWiki. yes I agree the selection isnt that huge but hey its a lunch stop. The chicken was white meat and very sumptuous. This is not some trash you wood get at MacDonald's. The rice and salad are a great compliment.  Say what you want this place is def A-OK.
You can't beat $3 breakfast prices before 7am for the same quality as IHOP or Denny's. \n\nClean restaurant but sometimes the services is a little slow.
Dry meat, mediocre sweet tea, 75 cents a slice for bread, run of the mill sauce, vinegar sauce that is just vinegar.\n\ni think i've had better bbq sandwiches at KFC
Items priced fairly and owners are extremely helpful. Made two large purchases within a week. Will def be back. Thanks a bunch!
The only thing good about sushi shop is that if you go at closing time they give you free sushi boxes! Its not the best quality, but its cheap and on the go! There is not that many people here, since their is so many restaurants in proximity you never have to wait.
Firefly is a great place, but I've had a couple of not so great experiences with their seafood, which is a shame cause I love ze fishies.
Have been here several times now and they are consistently great. They really do put the other place I used to go to to shame!  So glad to have found a place you can trust, who do a good job with great prices too.
Decent Starbucks - would have preferred a mom and pop place but this worked. Lots of space inside with free wifi and a fireplace
Two out of the three times that I have been here I have had a bad experience. My pedicure came out looking textured. It was a complete waste of money. I will not be going back.
Food is ok.  Drinks were ok.  But come on, 8 and 9 pm closes?  That's fine, but remove Bar from your name.
The food is as good as the reviewers state. I have eaten here a few times and always found the food and service to be great! My only suggestions--- Coke Freestyle machine would be a great beverage improvement!
The food there is delicious, however, that being said the service can be lacking and this tiny place is usually packed to its limits. One night it took the entire course of my meal to get the first thing I ordered (miso soup). The only reason I frequent this place is the convenience of the place being open to 3am.
The foods not bad. But if you can't find a place to sit in the bar you're outta luck for happy hour. Which I find it ironic at a place called thank God it's Friday!
I had an overpriced smoothie here - the space was modern and clean and they used real fruits, not frozen. It hit the spot.
The service was terrible. I could hear the servers in their service station all huddled together cussing loud enough for me to hear. Not very classy. Needless to say the food was good, but you can get great meals anywhere in this city. Service is what sets it apart. Not a fan
I took a few corporate colleagues from San Jose California here one night for dinner.  The food was good.  It was a bit loud though.
I try to never go to this store.  I can't get past the weird smell and I hate having to go down so many aisles to find the specific item I am looking for.  I hate the way things are organized.
No thanks!  I've ended up at charlies way too many times, because the \"boys\" always wanna go! But In my 15 visits to charlies I cannot think of even one time where I actually had fun! Never!   Stupid music and just all wrong!  No thanks Charlie!
I give it four stars\nThe breakfast is very good now. They even have jelly :) But no grape only strawberry that sucks but Its a step up for them. Getting under cooked breakfast meat is never a joy to me when ever I go they have to recook my order. So 4 stars it is.
Z's is soo good! Fresh, healthy, and delicious! \n\nGabster is my fav. Their ranch is great and I love the homemade crouton/chip thingies.
Yummy is all I can say. I love pierogi and theirs were great. My husband had the Hunters dinner and loved it (2 meals worth!)
Helllllllllllllllllo kebab mahal......you tryin to make me fat??? so goood...one day i'll come to this restaurant not be able to leave the food is so bang on!
I had them deliver four pizzas for an event with a client in their area. Delivery was fine and the price was within reason, but I've never had a more bland pizza in my life. The sauce had zero flavor. Horrible!
Very good authentic Cuban food. Wish the place was a bit busier as I would like to see them succeed. We had a marvelous meal and the waitress was very helpful. We will go back as it is on our minds constantly.
Very limited selection. This is a smaller Walmart location. Cashiers are nice, but very over worked. Out of the 19 or so check stands, there are 3-4 open on average. Lines are horrible to checkout.
Nice selection of juices with Ok prices. from $10 and up.. good selction as well in vape pieces. Good service if you have any questions and you are welcome to try any flavors you want. Also open till 10 which is nice since a lot of vape shops seem to sht down early!
Not great service, not great rooms.  Crowded, loud...wouldn't recommend.
This place has a spectacular beer selection,  and the brisket French dip is to die for! If you go on the weekend,  it'll be completely packed,  so consider going during the week.
Horrible service. Pizza was blah and not worth the 50 minute wait for a thin crust.
Gojo is maybe the best Ethiopian I have had.  Great quality meats and excellent flavors.  This place doesn't have the decor perfected, but the food, prices, and service are fantastic.  I have taken it to go and it has always been great too.  Highly recommend this place!
My sister looked forward to this restaurant for years and it delivered in every way. Sure it will cost you a full paycheck but it is a meal that will not be forgotten.
This place is one of best kept secrets in Las Vegas!  If your looking for high quality and tasty food at a reasonable price with good service this is your place.  We will be regulars at this place!
Reservation time is not being followed. Had reservation for 8:00 pm was seated 8:30 pm. \nService was Great service,  johnathan was the server. Superior service
Doesn't get worst than this- bland Indian dinner buffet. Ok customer service. Pretty expensive for the quality of buffet- but that is probably because it is Vegas.
Love the furniture and friendly staff !
Thank you Southwest airlines!  After another airline left us stranded in Ft. Lauderdale airport, we rebooked our tickets with you...fast, friendly, funny...and early!  Thanks for making a bad experience a little better...
Horrible place. Not happy about this selection a couple of weeks ago.  The service was horrific.  Rude and impatient staff.  Price is weird and they charge you for everything.  Not recommended at all.
The place itself is nice. Subs are ok, all the pre-cooked food is dry and salty..the owner is  Rude ..! After about three visits no more.
We were completely disappointed with our food. Flavorless, overpriced and measly portions of gristly proteins. We definitely won't be going back. Worst Thai food I've had in Vegas to date.
I was in the mood for a salad, maybe my mistake. It was not tasty at all. Processed cheese and meat, lettuce too hard and no flavor. I hope the sandwiches are better but wouldn't bet on it.
I swing by because I decorate cakes. The cake decorating section is piss poor.
Friendly service and great food. Just like Detroit Coney. Love that you guys sell Faygo Rock n' Rye. We will definitely be back soon.
For all of you last minute christmas card sending people, this is the place for you!  That is if you live in the arcadia 'hood.  There is often only 1 or 2 people in line, you can browse cards from the Camelback Village Pharmacy while waiting and the woman behind the counter is actually nice!
-Cool atmosphere\n\n-Great Happy Hr deals (spent about $18 for 3 tall margaritas and chicken nachos two of us could not finish).\nDidn't have dinner but looked at the menu and they've got green chilies everywhere so I'll be back to try them.
So delicious! As a vegetarian, they have great options for me. I really love the veggie bao & Nutella bao!
Used to love coming here but their service has become sloppy. I don't know what's been going on but it's just not the same service. The inside of my car wasn't even touched it looked like.
Great stay, clean, smoke free...  could have used a water slide in the pool!  Then it would have been perfect!
Asked for a royale med rare. Got it well done and cool to the touch. Mentioned it and they shrugged. It's ok. Just not great.
I was going to buy something for my wife in this LV, but one sales representative was extremely rude to us. Stepped out for another LV immediately.
A little disorganized when it comes time to paying and selecting your product. Danishes were great, had to exchange an M&M cookie for my daughter as it was harder then a rock but the manager was kind and brought one out from the back.
The atmosphere was really nice. Love the outdoor patio with the metal art and concrete/bottle table. Nice change from the chain coffee shop. Customers very friendly and talkative. My drink tasted yummy but it wasn't frozen enough otherwise I'd give them 5 stars.
Large soccer park. Usually clean and has a large play area for the smaller kids
I enjoyed our experience here.  BYO wine was great... but then again, we were on Rue Duluth and on BYOW row. \n\nService was great, food was ok.  Still an overall nice experience!
Excellent food! Fuego's is actually located in the shops at Esplanade cuz Yelp map sucks! Haha
I have nothing but positive things to say about Henry's place. My whole family and I have been taking our cars to him for years and we have never been let down. I recommend him to everyone. BEST mechanic in town!!
Overly priced for chicken fingers which are  nothing great at all. Canes for the win.
Pretty good place for a quick lunch.  I was in here today and had the pasta with meatballs.  The meatballs and marinara sauce were good.  Nice flavors.  The pasta shells were overcooked and mushy.  Oh well.
I ordered a mixed drink. Bartender grabs a glass, fills it 3/4 of the way with ice, pours in alcohol and soda just until the ice starts to float, and then grabs the ice scooper and adds MORE ICE TO MY GLASS.\n\nThis place blows.
They've improved their customer service over time. I rather enjoy this specific location and have seen the less reputable baristas as they destroyed my order and either improved or are no longer there....
The boneless wings are terrible. Food is mediocre at best and prices are definitely not worth it. Won't be going back!
I did not want to be risky and ordered HAM, EGG & CHEDDAR.\nIT WAS SO GOOOOOOD.. \n\nDefinitely coming back on my next Vegas trip!
9 minutes to get sitted\n1.30 minutes for service\nWaitress has provided me really good service. So far. (Waitress name carlos)\nTotal was 15.44\nReally good price\nLoved the experience
The margherita pizza was extremely salty.
Very great place I loved the food and the servers were amazing! Wish they had a bigger inside especially for this time of the year but overall I will be back and really recommend this place to anyone, younger crowd for the most part being near ASU and well worth the drive from Tempe
what a cute place! my crepe was pretty good, I went with the basic nutella and banana and my fiance got the breakfast burrito type crepe. They were really good but we did wait a pretty long time for it.
If you like waiting then this is the company for you.  The people are fine but forget about punctuality, it's not here.  Take a cab and save some time.
Portions minuscule, \nDecaf cold \nServers impolite and distracted - ages to wait for the bill. Brought jam rather than butter to the table. \nThe menu selections overpriced and illconceived.
These guys tried to charge me 5 dollars for a battery. On amazon I found the same battery, 10 for $2.50. Don't ever go here. They are a complete rip off and they have no conscience.
Great service and a nice but relaxed space.  The food was creative and interesting.  I tried the salmon special, which was cooked to melt-in-your-mouth perfection.  It's fairly pricey, but I would recommend giving it a shot for a nice occasion.
One of my favourite places in Montreal! If you are a dessert person, this is a \"must\" place. They have a wide range of pie selections and its all amazing! My personal favourite is the apple crumb with vanilla ice cream.  Their wraps and salads are not bad either.
Shawrma was yummy.  But the parking here is a bit dicey if you use a wheelchair as I do (gravel lot, no dedicated ADA spaces).
Surprisingly the flavor for the broth is great for a bowl of pho . Most places is pretty bland ... They have great customer service . Food came out fast . No complaints . Great place to enjoy a bowl of pho .
Food was delicious, excellent service. Don't believe any of the negative reviews, us locals thoroughly enjoyed it.  Loved it!
Awful has a new name.  Hillstone.  Just awful; service food...the whole thing.  Food was cold and poor quality.  Service, they just didn't care.  A tab of $187 one would assume you would get mediocre service but nope. I recommend taking your money elsewhere.
Dirty. Not well staffed or cleaned.
Not bad, just average. The service is attentive, the food however wasn't good. The people who wrote all the positive reviews must rate Taco Bell 5 stars. Covering food with bland sauce, serving it with rice, beans and cheese doesn't make it Mexican.
Daytime service rocks. Never open after midnight lately, at least put up a sign so Im not sitting in the drive thru  for an hour looking lame!
Very good food for a pleasantly not absurd price.  The setting was surprisingly pleasant for a mall.
Love this local, non-chain, burger joint. The Haven Burger is delicious (burger with pastrami and 1000 Island dressing). The onion rings are great as well. Looking for a true mom and pop burger joint, look no further. And the prices are good as well.
I thought this might be another ho hum act until my musical director friend told me otherwise.  So decided to go see his show and WOWI  Frankie did things with the piano that seemed impossible.  He was funny, had a fantastic voice, and a great band.  It was so much more than we expected.
The food was delicious, but they had us waiting 40 minutes after ordering for our food to arrive. When it arrived the server explained that they just finished serving a table of 40 in the back. Why couldn't they tell me when I arrived? Give the patron the choice if we want to wait or not, they knew the wait would be that long.
Mean front desk person!!! Made my mom wait outside on her birthday until every person made it but tables were empty. Table for 4.
This place frequently gets robbed and you order from a window at night.\n\nThere's a CoGo's 2 minutes away on Beechwood/Greenfield Ave. I'll go the extra distance.
They promised the best meatball and they delivered! My meal at Martorano's was the best meal I had in Vegas!
Tried their half soup and salad. Soup was a very hearty chili and beans . This was more like a bowl than a cup. The soup was like a stew. Tried their salad with fruits apples and pears . Interesting blend
Worst place to ever stay at! My friend booked this place for my bday! I wish I would have done the planning myself! \nDon't stay here! Worst service and overpriced!
A lot of fun, close to down town Tempe, Has a dog park with friendly dogs. Very easy mt. bike trials, nothing compared to South Mountain. Great for beginners, has a cool dirt jumping spot!! Something to cheek out for sure
Uninspired Chinese food from very nice people. I suspect if you go in ordering a specialty item it might taste better than anything off the menu.
The best thing and main attraction is the lighted waterfall. Makes a gorgeous background when taking pictures. Otherwise it's just another Vegas club - crowded, crowded, CROWDED!
I called, and the associate on the phone informed me that the Copper Door is OUT OF BUSINESS!\n\nThanks a lot. I just bought a $25 coupon to this establishment from Restaurant.com two days ago.
I have been a client at Addicted to Nails for years. Love Sheera and her creativity. I will be a client for life.
never again!\nSuper rude and stupid service!! We locked the door from the inside, so if they could't open from the outside, they should know some one s inside, but the kept punching the door hardly, until I woke up!! It was 8:00 in the morning!!!
Terrible service.
It will be a great day when the USPS goes out of business and is ran by a company rather then the slow moving government
I just moved to the apartment complex nearby and am so happy to have this great little spot to grab dinner. The food is made-to-order, fresh and inexpensive. I love the lamb gyro with a few fries on it, delicious!
Just an ugly place.  Dirty, so-so deals, rude employees, bad parking, so-so produce.  I'm a Costco guy through and through and figured I'd give Sam's a try.  Not worth it.  I went thrice and won't be back.
Um, no.\n\nThe service is ok but the food is not 4 stars. Happy hour isn't anything to write home to mom about. Only $3 off food that is priced pretty high. \n\nIt's just ok.
Eh, cheap place to stay off the strip that's pet friendly if you need to be in Vegas for an extended amount of time.
I love this place for the good food and friendly staff. Their prices are very reasonable and the atmosphere is very relaxed.
When I am looking for fast, cheap, good Hawaiian eats in Vegas, I stop here.  Love the marination that they use on their meats.  Great malasadas too!
The most charming, beautiful and amazing restaurant I've ever been to. The food was superb! I wish they would open one in Vegas!
if the waitresses and bartenders were female and hot would have been better
Awesome Chinese in Gilbert/Queen Creek area. Ordered the broccoli and beef, Kung Pao chicken, and Honey Chicken. Lots of fresh bright veggies!!! Yummy! Will be back
Great place in my neighborhood.  \n\nA friend of mine threw a private party here.  The food was excellent and the staff were great.  \n\nI love the outdoor seating area. \n\nIf you want a place that is consistently great and has indoor, bar, and outdoor seating, I would highly recommend this place.
No help.
Long wait, even with a reservation.\n\nPricy as they give you small portion.  I weight under 100 lbs and I have a small stomach.  Two of us had to order three items to get satisfied.\n\nWe regret that we didn't go to the buffet for brunch.
As usual, they have just about everything, not always the best quality though. What continues to aggravate me, on the occasion I shop here, is the lack of open checkout counters....
Excellent 90 minute massage!  I was slightly embarrassed because I fell asleep for a moment and was awoken by my own snoring. Nonetheless, considering that I was really stressed when I walked in, that the massage could knock me out was a good thing!  The cookies and candies were a very nice touch!
Heard great things about The Hanger Cafe. Been meaning to take my wife for the past few years. Stopped in today for lunch. Waitress was pleasant, but that was about it. Prices were low, but so was the quality of the food. Place is outdated and needs some help.
The Mocha's are good\n\nThe sandwiches are tasty\n\nThe staff are friendly\n\nThe price is ridiculous
Enjoyed a delicious dinner here last week. Friendly, knowledgeable staff,and good food. My salmon was excellent and my husband enjoyed the evening special - green chili stew.
Very delicious! perfect place to go for lunch. Burgers are big and milkshakes are phenomenal! Though i haven't gotten the pleasure to dine in yet, at work we would all order take-out.
Went for the first time yesterday.  Wonderful food and service along with great people watching on Freemont.  \n\nWill be back soon!
Terrible service and food. Really disappointing. Other Arribas are great. Waitress had a festering, scab tattoo that almost made me sick. Would've left if I noticed it earlier. Should've called health dept
Great happy hour prices! Nice environment.
If you go to this nail salon make sure to ask for my gf Kimberly. She does amazing work. I have seen her developed, her designs just keeps on improving.  Overall this place is very clean and friendly.
Just want to say that this place is great. people are very professional they know what you need and they keep conversation to minimum so you can enjoy your massage not like other places they want to know all about you .+
For the smelling fish we ordered, I will give a none star for this dish and the owner who huddled our complain.\n If you want to try \" sweet and sour fish\" give a second thought , I doubt the fish is fresh as the owner said.
Very dirty very slow and bad customer service. They should be embarrassed. And they charged me 35 cents for mustard. WTF
Ok Mexican food.  Stopped in for lunch and ordered the number three which is a two taco and cheese enchilada plate. Food was ok, but nothing I would go back for.
Good food but awful service. Hostess was friendly and the monkey cakes were awesome. Bloody Mary's were really good but it took 30 minutes for our food and thats unreasonable for breakfast.
I have only been here once for Christmas shopping.  It had some cool bobbles and mlovins ( what I call those mitten glove things).  \n\nThe staff was nice and helpful/\n\nGreat place to get gifts for girls.
They handled my shattered window with professionalism even when I had to check with my credit card company before paying the charges, as I had declined all insurances and relied on my Visa.\n\nHope my Visa comes through and honors this claim when all is said and done.
I like this airport because:\n- It has jamba juice\n- It has lots of flights and connections\n- It is clean and the people are pretty friendly\n\nMy complaint?\n- walkways are WAYYYYYYYY too narrow for the volume of people walking down each concourse
The food here is great, the portions are ridiculous.  But the prices reflect the portion size.  Definitely an occasional treat.  I don't think anyone's body or wallet could take eating here more thank once a month.  Will go again for special occasion.
Just awful. So called 'asada burrito' was cold and bland... just a lump of plain carnitas and some iceberg lettuce in a cheap tortilla. reminiscent of Taco Bell in the 90s but worse.
Horrible food
If you like cold and sub-par pierogies, go here.
This place is drowning my food with canola oil! Yikes! Heart attack awaits me, if I continue to eat here!
I brought my son into this hospital he was had a mass and was sent to icu anyway we basically lived at this hospital for four months and were treated like family !! Best hospital in the world may God continue to bless all the doctors and children!
Pleasant pub with decent rock'n'roll playing in the background.\n\nNot sure they had any real ales on tap and it was practically empty despite it being a saturday night but comfy and well appointed aside from that so definitely deserving of a return visit.
The place is closed now for a reason.. cuz it sucked! The manager was a douche and the clientelle was even douchier. I found a crack pipe on their outside couch once. Hasta la vista baby.
Fast no wait seating on a Saturday night ...but be prepared to pay for substandard food!
Love Habanero's and I don't typically like Mexican food.  They are a seriously great deal for pretty darn delicious food!  I thoroughly enjoy their steak tacos and their carnitas dishes, that's the pork one right?
Worst. Rude. Horrible quality. All they do is talk crap when u ask them to fix THEIR mistakes. Never go here.
Just keep driving, you'll eventually find your way out of Terminal 3! Smh. \n\nI picked up a family member who needed wheelchair service. And we needed an attendant with a baggage cart. Both gentlemen were very friendly, and accomodating. Thanks Phoenix Sky  Harbor, and Delta!
Another great lunch!!!! The food here tastes delicious and at a great price. You won't be disappointed. Try the crispy Spinach.
Excellent Happy Hour and best beer selection in town I think.
This place is meh. I have no idea why its always full. As a previous reviewer mentioned, they did not carry a specific item I was wanting, in my instance however it was a diablito I was looking for.
Weak drinks, over worked staff, average food, don't order a bottle of wine or water because you'll never get it. If you want to watch the game and want service don't go here. However it is a cool place with lots of tv's
I love the bread pudding and the soup.  But the prices are high, not open on Sunday, and I was not impressed with the breakfast.
they have a lot of bnecklaces in the $10 range and very cute bags!\n\nwith the h & m store a few doors down, you could put together a cute outfit with accessories forv $60.
Wish I could review the food. They never brought my dish to me. They told me that the chef \"missed it\". I had reservations at the Comedy Zone, so I couldn't wait another hour for them to bring me anything. I guess I could ask the other people at my table how they enjoyed their food. Not impressed.
A Wonderful Experience!  Truly great food served by Outstanding Wait-staff.  Really worth saving up for.
135 pounds of elk processed wrapped and frozen. $75 not bad
I look awful! She cut about 3 inches shorter than I wanted. And gave ms bangs that I didn't want! It will be a long few months growing this mess out! Soooo mad at myself for reading reviews and going to this salon. It was a joke!
Great place! No complaints. I always get take out, so I can't comment on dining experience. But when I walk in i always want a glass of wine! atmosphere is nice. It is usually empty though. The food is a little pricey but taste great! Always done quickly and correctly. Yum!
Food is over-priced and ok at best. Seemed like they only had 1 waitresses working although she was polite and attractive. Get it together!!!
Great spot to bring your dog and hang on the patio!! Good food lots of food and drink selections! Good specials!
I can't comment on the food. We never got food or drinks or had a waitress acknowledge us after sitting there for 20 minutes. I won't be going back to try the food.  They blew it.
Good sports bar. Great service, decent food, and open til 2am!
Update! I found out that you can order the Veggie Beer bread the \"old\" way and they will make it for you how they used to. Hooray!
walked in the door @ 8:45 and was promptly told they were closed although there were people in the dining room. We went down to mooney's and ordered food there. surprisingly enough, the food came from Shugrues. hmmm...
I'm from Cali and was visiting AZ and my sister took me to have a latte.. Hands down this place is by far much better them Starbucks!!! Please come down and open in SoCal! \n\nTheir customer service rocks!!!!! Super friendly!!
Best Pizza in Tempe hands down.
Really good coffee, but the smoke filled patio really kills the potential. Apparently the smokers spend enough to keep it in business, because myself and my non-smoking friends won't be back. Sorry. \nTldr; get it to go unless you like 2nd hand smoke.
Great place!\nI loved the atmosphere- and the food was also fantastic.\n\nCame here for happy hour, and was pleased by the food offerings, and their prices.\nI did wish that they had more specialty drinks on happy hour specials (as they only had wine, well and beer specials).
I love this place, we used to got to Mi Patio, but were disappointed in the price increase and poor service. La Pinata is amazing, amazing food, great staff, especially Carlos :) and good prices!! They have great specials on Tuesday cant wait to go back
Just went in for a tightening of my husbands glasses. There was only one girl on the floor helping with 4 sets of people wanting help. The girl was very professional and handled us and the rest of the people with a smile.
We ordered take-out from this place and the only plus was that it came pretty quickly. Other qualities of the food included being too salty and too much sauce. Pretty cheap too - we ordered online and we were able to order something free for every $10 you order, but this is not good enough for me to go back to this place again.
Ask for spicy level. Tom Yang Gong is spicy but very light sour.  Musamman curry is very tasty!
Really nice staff. The cheeseburger was nothing special but by no means bad at all. Had a few beers and they were pretty good as well. I'll return.
People are very rude! I was told for an extra $100 when can buff out all the scratches and it would look like a new paint job...no wonder this place has a bad rep!!! I had to give it a rating
Amazing staff! The knowledge they possess is just by far none, a delight. Was treated as not only an equal but a friend! Will recommend this brewery to anyone and everyone!
My man EZ!!\nA lil mad man at work\nEZ does it\nYou ask he draws\nHard skills\nFast with the gun\nLet it be known
Just finished lunch here. Wasn't impressed $20 street enchiladas. And $13 street tacos. We ordered the guacamole it was more of an avocado salad. Won't be running back anytime soon.
Stopped here once with my brother-in-law and his two kids. Staff was great. Portions were larger than expected. Completely different atmosphere than Cajun Queen, but in our opinion  the food at Razzoo's is better.
The guy behind the counter couldn't have been any nicer when i ordered 10 tons of rock to be delivered. I received a phone call around the time he said I should expect it. The driver called me prior to delivery, he dumped it where I asked him, and it was on time. Prices seemed to be fair and in-line.
French Macaroons are amazing!!!!  Authentic French macaroons just like Laudaree in Paris!  The owner is so nice too :)
Service was great, food was very good, nice atmosphere. We all had the Teppanyaki, and the chef did a very good performance :)\n\n\nMusic doesn't quite fit would be about my only criticism, but then I'm pretty fussy about my music ;)
Pros: I know it's insane to pay $6 for juice, but it's worth it! I can't stay away. The service is quick and friendly-ish. \n\nCons: price, parking, hours of operation
Went in on a Sunday morning. They had brunch menu going but my wife had her heart set on the quinoa salad we'd seen online.  They accommodated the request. Server was friendly and nice and the place was charming and clean.  Overall nice sports bar with good food and drink selection.
Would be a great bar/hangout if every song wasn't Rap music. Not sure if it was a fluke, by the DJ seriously needs to play some variety.
best place to eat in container park! salmon, beef carpaccio, and the calamari are my favorites!
had his croissant at Bellagio a few years ago and never forgot how good it tasted.  \ngot to relive that memory this weekend.  it was every bit as good as i remembered it.\n\nregular croissant + dub expresso\n\nBest Ever!
Skip this place. Stood there for over 20 minutes. Not a single person asked if they could help out. Lame. Plenty of other choices in Vegas. Spend your money where the employees actually care about your business. Just Corporate junk.
I went in to get a fill and not only were they rude but told me they were closed. They still had the open sign on and refused service . Guess they don't want my money.
Incredible pizza. Dirty, rude, disgusting employees. I think that's actually their slogan.
We had dinner there last night. The bread was as food as it gets.  That is their best offering. We had chicken and it was good but the mash potatoes stuck to the roof of our mouths. Service was ok. Nothing to make this place memorable enough to go back to on our week long trip to the area.
Awesome ceviche!
Probably would have been good but the 10 minute wait in the drive thru with no cars ahead of me was ridiculous. I don't know what I was waiting for considering my burger was still moo-ing even though I ordered it well-done. Gross. Not going back.
Best place to eat
Great service. Good food. Decent pricing.\n\nNo complaints.
Not good at all. Don't go here.
Not the best crepes we had in Montreal but you can't beat the location or the view. When the weather is nice it's a great place to sit and people watch.
Its a Dive bar, cheap beer, pool and darts.  My girlfriend and i's secret hideaway. Only downside is that it does quick pretty busy on some days.
Pretty average mexican food.  The portion sizes are big for the price, but the taste is just okay.  I'll give them another shot because they are so close to where I live, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
This specific Moe's had terrible customer service. They only give you literally a small amount of everything and when I went to ask for more chips most of them were stale. And after sitting down to eat, I realized the food wasn't fresh. I don't know if there's anything good to say about this Moe's.
What can I say, it is a chain, but it is large inside, lot's of clothing for big and tall guys, so I will be back to spend some stacks before Christmas. Well organized and clean, lot's of well priced clothing and shoes.
The service was good, but I have to say I was totally disappointed.  I had been wanting to go there for quite some time and was excited when we finally decided to go for dinner.  The food was just okay and some of it, the leafy salads, just didn't seem all that fresh.  Just a bummer all around.
Food was great and very tasty.  Like any other asian place you typically go to, the service definitely was not stellar. Overall, will likely go back if I am ever back in town.
I needed some fashion pics for my work and I was looking for good photographer. I found him on FB . He got a nice portfolio. It was really nice shooting with Suren. Everybody liked results.
Excellent food as usual.  However, 30min wait to get my food on a Friday night while others that came after me with large orders got theirs first!
Typical chicken. Service was not so great and the spacing to sit in here is very small.\n\nLocation is great but pulling in and pulling out is so hard due to Spring Mnt road being so busy.
First time at this location, and it stands up with the rest the of the double d's. Sandwich was well made, delicious, and I wanted another after I was done.
They cancelled our reservation randomly a month before our stay and screwed us during a very busy weekend in Las Vegas.  Now we are stuck looking for other options which are currently at a premium.  Bad, bad business.
Went here for lunch today and the Reuben was delicious.  The sweet potato fries were not, soggy with grease.  Service was pleasant and the jazz music was soothing.
Messed up my order not once but twice. Food was decent but I probably won't be coming back
Great place. It has a romantic atmosphere and the service is AMAZING! I really enjoyed the food and I am a big fan of the chevre chaud salad and the creme brulee. Will definitely be back.
The Chilenita they have the best empanada in town. It's a great place to take out or sit down for lunch. The staff is friendly. The food is so good. The price is affordable. There no other place that has 13 different empanada's to choose from. I love the Chilenita.
Been here a couple of times only because of MYVEGAS and resort credit. 2-1 lunch/dinner. It's ok. Not much selection, but it'll do when you don't have to pay full price.
Excellent lunch, I like the place and will come back.  Had a salad and it was memorable.  Can recommend.
Clean theaters, above average sound and picture quality, fresh popcorn (3 of 3 times). \n\nWhat more can you ask for in a movie theater?
I'm happy to see that this place has closed down!
Has had the \"N\" word etched in the men's room for about a year now, appears if someone has made a flaccid attempt at covering it... Un sat.
I take out from here all the time. Great Bento Boxes for lunch, and awesome happy hour menu. The Fire Dragon rolls are my favorite, as well as the Sashimi Platter. The atmosphere is cool and contemporary, great for a date evening or lunch with friends. The service is good too!
Its okay.  the food is good the service ok.  Although I do like their outside porch and dine in area.
This group was phenomenal.  The talent of these young men totally floored me.  I literally spent the whole night re-living the show.  It is a  \"must see.\"
Overbooked and Overcooked. Saturday night Fiamma was way too crowded and loud. The kitchen was overwhelmed and overcooked my wife's veal and my grilled fish. Our friends were disappointed by their mediocre dishes also. One star all the way.
Went for lunch, food was great, service not so much.
Our server, Jenny Lee, never let our beers get below 20%. For this I love her. Good Comedy show and separate rooms for different vibes.
Pizza in Phoenix is all just ok... My good friend told me without good water you'll never get good dough. Rays has a good sauce and a great mix of cheese only if they could have good dough
Let's just say I went there on july 8 and i got charged twice on my credit card. I just placed one drink order and I got slammed! Im not sure why this happened, but bar patrons BEWARE!!!!
This was my first experience with this and at first I was hooked. Then I tried other places and realized this one isn't that great. Service is always very polite and fast but i think all the flavors taste pretty artificial. Plus the owner is never smiling and when he's there it seems to be a drag.
Didn't realize this was a chain, but I guess that doesn't really matter.  Food was good as was the service.  Price was fair.  Parking a breeze!  It's right under the restaurant.
We got delivery and paid $33 for not a lot of food compared to what I'm used to from other places I've gotten before. I am partial to a crispier sesame/orange chicken and this was the opposite (very mushy and spongey).
This place gets better every time we come.  Fresh ingredients, generous portions and a great vibe.  Try the beer battered lobster tacos if they have them. The salmon and Maui tacos are also a must.
Very professional company when it comes to dog services.  Brock and Verg offer services and products only available through a caring small business.  Hazel is a large Weimaraner Chocolate Lab mix and demands attention constantly.  Desert Dog Pet Care provides both food and comforting attention to Hazel.  Thanks Desert Dog Pet Care you ROCK!!!!!!!
I stopped here to pick up some 1/2 price Christmas cards for next year.  It's the best way to buy them each year.\n\nParking is easy and I've found that getting in and out is quite easy.
if it werent for the park, watching the buccos losing over 100 games a season would be a hard pill to swallow.  a winning team and a bnice park would be too much to ask
Had the Bun Cha Ha Noi. It was so GOOD!!! Must have this when u are here. I will come back :)
The buffet had a great deal of food choices, but most of them were the kind you walk by without a second look. However, the dessert bar here is worth praising. Lunch will cost you about $16.99/person, dinner $24.99.
Wait, a Korean-run kaiten-zushi joint with Hispanic sushi chefs? LOL, NO THANKS.
Great service, amazing; local food, with a patio that is simply charming! The menu is simple and the food outstanding! Christian, the owner, clearly loves what he does and appreciates his guests. Inside is beautiful but the patio takes it to a whole new level!
What can I write that has not been written about the greatness of In-N-Out Burger! Maybe my love is borne of the separation from it my primary residence in Dallas compels. I hope that when it opens in Dallas (yes, the plans for that are public), nothing changes.
Advice? Do not go here. I wish I could put 0 stars. Service is so bad, the servers look like they are miserable with their lives. I also ordered shrimp tempura and fried calamari for appetizers and it tastes like the one you get from Costco boxes. Food got to me so cold..
It's old.  It's small.  The staff was attentive.  Food showed up quick and tasted like IHOP food.
The place had a lot of potential but they lack the right customer service and the hostesses almost create an uncomfortable atmosphere. Food is good, drinks are good, service is absolutely terrible.
Neat products and great customer service.  I bought a salt scrub and lotion today.  Wow!  Nice stuff.  Can't wait to go back.
Great service and clean. Awful food. Great milkshakes.
I went to their newish home off Carson treat and was thoroughly impressed with the food. I'm not sure if they got a new cook or what happened, but the food was much better the last time I went there (when It was on carson st.)\n\nKudos to the chef.
Awesome roller coaster, but was $14, for a short ride. I'd do it again though!!!
A reply by the manager was left on my last review asking if I brought up the dry meat to my server. I didn't because it wasn't enough to spoil my experience and I'm not a picky eater to begin with. I hate to send back food and waste it when it's not at all that bad.
Biaggio's is fine Italian food at extremely reasonable prices for the quality. Don't be surprised if Biaggio comes to your table to welcome you into the family.
It's closed.  \n\nIt used to be a neighborhood hangout and had some roots in the area.  With ZIPs, Lucky Lous, and a few other places must have been too much.\n\nThe number is disconnected and website shows for sale.
This place is cheap in price and food.  Very disappointed.\nThey were busy due to 3 tour bus which I think they have a contract with.\nThey should really control where those buses park.
Wanted to love it but for what u pay it wasn't so great!  Service was good but both of our dinners were just so so!  The chicken and turkey were extremely dry and chewy.
Love the chicken humus! Lots of flavor and chicken is warm and tender. You get 2 large pitas so I recommend splitting it with someone if you plan on getting a meal too.
John and the other guide were very friendly and thorough in explaining what we were going to incur and experience during the tour. Even in 100 degree heat it was still a blast! And John even found my wallet which I accidentally left in the van after he dropped my wife and I off at our hotel The Vdara. Good times and great service!
For a taco bell, this one is horrible.  Sounds weird...right?
Excellent coffee.  Great lunch options.  High quality ingredients.  Fantastic service.  \n\nThis local coffee shop is the type of place I like to support.
This is a great place for friends and family! I wish I could afford to come here more often! Great stuff and food!\nIf you're there, pay attention, Gordon might be in the room and you might miss him!
Stayed for a few days. Was not impressed. I prefer Marriott, but was not available. The room was clean and check in was good. The pool and fitness center sucked. I had dinner in the restaurant, a hamburger. It was good. Over all downtown Phoenix sucks, nothing to do after 6PM.
shrimp tacos were amazing.. service was good. will come back
I wasn't expecting authentic Mexican food but I was expecting good quality food for the price. The flavors where decent bit the meat was fatty and not cooked properly and expensive.
It looks like store closed and cleared out
Eggs any way you can imagine.  Avoid the hollandaise sauce, its not good.  Other than that, decent breakfast.  Theres really no better way to kick off your hot sweaty day in AZ than with eating.
The only place I will get my nails and toes done in Vegas! Been going to Chau for 10 years because there is no one better!
Great food, great service, smells like a sewer.
Great pizza with the freshest ingredients and the best ever crust. Still, the hype is too much. There are many gourmet pizza places around town, including the chain Grimaldi's, that are 95% as good, but don't have the wait.
Meat delil lady today talked crap to her manager about me not knowing my wife was stand right there. So she went and found me to try and help after she relized. All I was asking for was her to cut my meat. I emailed corporate about her.
This mall is huge!  Its still pretty vacant since its new....  The stores are overpriced and I'm not sure what to buy.  There are a lot of restaurants and tons of light.  Check it out once..... I probably will never go back.
Good first time. Then it became less and less fresh. Noodles and most dishes are bland. And even the damn restroom sign is spelled \"resteroom\"
Tan was amazing, professional service and a good price point.  I will return!
Me and my family stayed at this hotel Summer 2014 and we had a great time. The service was great and the rooms were perfect for the four of us. It was a bonus to have the golf cart pick us up for free and take us around town. We will be returning soon.
Surprisingly a good hotel! Not sure I would pay retail price to stay here, but when booking via priceline and getting 30-40% off, heck yeah!!\n\nGreat place, with lots of great restaurants, and centrally located!
What more do you want out of a museum?  It's free!! It's loaded with cool stuff, easy to get around and free!\n\nI spent a whole day here with no problem, they have some great and well done exhibits here.
Check out these pics! I still can't stop thinking about this damn buffet! Can't wait to get back to Vegas just to eat here again!
Devil dog (egg salad, Tabasco) is worthy of a return trip, as is Chili Cheese Dog.  Duck Fat Fries are perfect as well.  If they only sold beer...
Good drinks, kinda blah atmosphere.
After a lazy, post 5k run Saturday I wanted a quick frozen treat.  Came here and got.....freezer burned ice cream.  \n\n\"Meh.\"
Good Networking Party tonight at Buster's.
Came during happy hour ,and was charged regular price for happy hour specials.  Worst BBW in vegas. They don't honor there policy.
By far the BEST place for ice cream.  Make sure to stop here.  Amazing ice cream and great service!!!
Love this place... The only thing that upsets me is that the portion of the aligator is so small for the price...and no oyster tonight. Not a good night. Darn
So much for the idea of seeing a show, it was more like listening to a show. DO NOT SEE SHOWS HERE!!!!!
This place was really impressive. A nice selection of hip unique labels and meticulously hand picked vintage pieces. The decor inside was very thoughtful. I always like when shops have a turntable and a stack of old records. Its a good sign. The gentlemen working here, Tyler I believe, was incredibly helpful and super nice.
the hummus and chicken are good. service has improved in the last few months. good take-out option...
Best Thai food I have ever had.   Everything is prepared home made.  This is truly an amazing place for flavor sensations...   I also highly recommend the whole lobster..
Love Ronald's Donuts!!  If someone never told me these donuts were vegan, I would never have known. I will recommend Ronald's to everyone!!
The 40$ for 25$ is a great deal!
Great authentic Mexican food. Try the  VAMPIRO !!! Sooooo Good!!! The corn is delish! Great atmosphere and decor. Clean and organize. Order your food watch how the customize your order !
I got a #5 from here once and they forgot the meat on my burger. How do you forget the meat?!? And they've also forgotten other stuff on other trips there... Given them multiple chances but they can't get it right. Never again.
Great place to catch a summer dog. Good food, fast which is amazing given how popular they are and they have a fair amount of variety on their menu.
The positive:  Affordable lunch specials and generous portions.  \nThe negative:  Lacks flavor and not so craveable.  \nThe result:  Left in a food coma and needing a nap.
Pretty tasty breakfast. Mish mash omelete is good, try also the potato latkes which are not bad.  very friendly staff. A bit overpriced tho. 45$ for two is bit too much for the place I think. To be done at least once.
It's quite obvious that the folks at Sandella's appreciate your business, they're friendly and helpful. \n\nAs for the food... I've tried about half of the items on menu so far, everything has been very good.
Not real Italian gelato ! Too bad! Without tasty! They sell many products made in Canada or different places but not from Italy !!! Really really bad!!
We came here for breakfast this morning with friends and really enjoyed it.  The food was great with a diverse breakfast menu, the staff was very friendly and the location is very scenic.  I can imagine this place gets very busy with hikers from North Mountain due to its convenient location.
I love the Brat Haus.  Great atmosphere...food good...drinks great.  Judi has been our bartender each time my husband and I visit.  She is friendly and outgoing...always has a smile on her face.  She is great with suggestions that we always take.  I will definitely return!
We have been ordering delivery from Pong Pong for years. Everyone is so friendly and food is good. Price is very reasonable. Orange and lemon chicken is a little soggy but I figure that is just because it soaks up the sauce in the time it takes to arrive to our home.
Service is really just transactional they don't put too much into their service. Food is mediocre just typical bar food and more than half the time barely hot. And on numerous times sicker than I've ever been.
Love them!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love that they do every genre of the 90s.
All I can say is I am still hungry with the 15$ stroganoff and matzo ball soup, we have to order a dessert to make me satisfied. The food was not all that good like caned and frozen not good. Won't be back
Poor food and smells like smoke
Studio Movie Grill was amazing! I saw the Dark Knight Rises there and I was a great experience. They had a great menu selection and the waiters were prompt in their service. I would highly recommend this theater to anyone looking for a great movie experience.
Needed a new spot to get my spa pedicures and my nails looks fantastic, and now I have one, really reasonable, got an amazing massage and my nails look fantastic. \nStaff was very friendly,
Pretty fast delivery. Definitely cheaper than UPS; from my experience.
Did not care for the food at
Horrible service. Horrible food. Don't waste your time or money!
This store has greatly improved customer service since my last visit. It's more adult now. Good job!
First time here I ordered the Caribbean  chicken and shrimp its so yummy.  I will come again great flavor.
Hole-in-the-wall restaurant of the lesser variety. Service is friendly, but that's about it. They don't take credit cards here, and my bibimbap was devoid of flavor. The other Korean restaurants on campus do it better.
We ordered a fried chicken and a half for 4 adults, and it was a good amount. \nThey said the sides are single serving sizes so we ordered several, but when the food arrived the sides were large enough to easily split between 2 people. \nWe will definitely be back.
No longer have a lunch buffet. Very sad. Didn't bother trying full menu items.
Not a fan.\nFood is just OK\nAtmosphere is just weird\nWait sucks\nNot for me.
Really love the food and the service is typically great. I'm not going to lie, it takes a lot of $$ to leave feeling full. Love that there is a large selection for everyone from the most simple eater to the most daring. I love the cupcakes for dessert!
Cute decor, slow service. According to the boyfriend the best part about the place is that all of the waitresses wear  leggings/tights/yoga pants!
this place ok, however it gets way over crowded especially on the main dance floor.  Been here a couple times and always had fun, but the tab was freakin expensive! i think it was about 1200$ for 3 bottles.  The music is good and i love the other rooms also.
Understaffed, unknowledgeable employees, takes way too long to buy something,
This place has fewer special options than other ihops and in definitely understaffed. Food was below average, price was standard IHOP price. I wouldn't recommend stopping by - there are other better restaurants in the area.
Had one drink, didn't eat. I was the only customer at the time. Bartender was friendly, my drink was fine, bar was clean and comfortable.
The cookie bouquet was beautifully decorated.  I would not order again due to price.  This is a very expensive product and when I called to ask the price, the shipping charge apparently was not included.  As a business owner myself, I cannot imagine not disclosing all the charges including tax, shipping, extras up front.
Man what a disappointment! Went in for tapas and they changed their menu to Mexican food. Nothing special about the food here anymore, just another mediocre Mexican joint in Vegas.  I will not be returning. The tapas were excellent with lots of variety and flavors, sad to see the menu change.
This is for the yelp sushi lovers I am from mi and this is a great sushi dining . John treated us to fabulous diner which I was impressed with and will go back . The menu is hilarious to read the food was filling and tasty also fresh . I give it a four for my first time here .  Z
Excellent beer and pizza -- NO televisions, which is good\n\nupdate -- no longer serve the same pizza, but beer is still best in town
Supervisor Caroline B gave our seats away to a standby passenger while we were waiting at the end of the line to board and slammed the jetway door shut in our face. Unbelievably bad behavior.
Sushi is OK, the only reason my wife and I have got food from them was cause they delivered. Last night we tried to order delivery, THEY NO LONGER DELIVER. so we probably won't ever have there food again.
It was way better than I thought it would be.  It's not High Dining, but it's definitely authentic Mexican and very delicious.
Great nail spa! Cindy gives the best pedi massages! This is my favorite Surprise nail salon.
Must have: stuffed baker with chopped brisket and root beer. Great food and friendly staff!
I am disappointed with this place. Seeing all the reviews I was expecting a very good lunch buffet , but the buffet was bad and expensive.
Very intimate and relaxed setting for dinner for two. They have excellent selections of wine and the food was very delicious.
Famous Dave's has been one of the best BBQ restaurants I have eaten at in a long time. Their burnt ends are to die for! The only problem I had was that the restaurant was pretty loud but other than that the food was great and the service was great. I will definitely be back!
Staff was extremely rude and food was not good at all. We are really looking forward to going since we have seen the original on tv a few times and we love hot dogs...what a shame. Definitely wont go back or recommend.
not very good. my lip wax, eyebrows, and gel manicure came up to be 50 dollars.\ni felt like the staff was lazy. will be going to maiyas instead of this place.\nmy nails dont even look thatgood either.
I was a little apprehensive about purchasing a meat package.  The lady in the store was extremely helpful, patient, and kind. The meat is outstanding-much better than the average market. We will be faithful customers in the future..thanks!
The food is always good, menu has much to be desired, the service is hit or miss...but for some reason this high potential hot spot never seems to add up to a great top tier restaurant experience.
I decided to have my carpets and sofa cleaned just a few days before hosting a family get-together. Thankfully, Rob was able to fit me into his busy schedule. He was extremely professional, on time and did an amazing job. I would definitely recommend him.
Episage turned out to be nicer than the address would otherwise suggest.   Her masseuse was Teri who did an amazing job.  My wife is planning to make another appointment on our next visit and request Teri.  My wife used a Groupon, but prices are very reasonable even without any form of discount.
Going to Eco-Tint was definitely worth penny, good professional business atmosphere and just overall good people who really show concern towards their customers. Thank you to Jay and the whole team over there at Eco-Tint for getting everyone protected against this Las Vegas Heat Wave!!!
We have been taking all of our dogs to Dr. Weikhorst for more than 10 years. He is a very compassionate doctor and a pleasure to work with. We recommend his services to everyone.
Overall a very good Chinese restaurant.  The Orange chicken, Beef broccoli and Triple delight a very good.  The Teriyaki chicken was just ok and the egg roll was good, but not great. Very reasonably priced very good food.
The employees here are really friendly and knowledgable. The facility is also very clean, which is a big plus if you've been to a couple of piercing places.
We love this restaurant! Great service. Freshest food in the west valley! The pho is quite possibly the best I have ever had! Try the spring rolls. You won't be sorry. Go there....now!
Tourists love this watch out for the scammers wanting to take pics for $$ especially the rude elvis w/ pink cadillac!!! GO AT NIGHT!!! far walk from mandalay take the bus its hot and looks can be deceiving in vegas in regards to distance
No words needed other than this is how pizza should be. Every single time. The best I have ever had!
Good food. The service was extremely slow and the hostess couldn't get her wait times anywhere near correct. The bartender was slower than a snail.
Great service.  Didn't care for my pizza. Family loved theirs. Great cold draft beer
BEST latte ever! I was impressed with the latte I had this morning. Better than the latte from other coffee shops and cheaper.
Great place!  Food was good, bit of a wait for a table but that just tells you how good it is!  Once my cholesterol goes back down, I'll be back for the big breakfast again!!!
This place is a fun place for Lunch or Snack sandwiches are good and have fun names. I've gone here quite a few times.
Large portions but the food was pretty bland.  We had the pad thai and egg rolls--I suggest that you avoid both.
This place is on par with every other sandwich chain like it. I still prefer Wildflower Bread Co, but this is a good place to see the real housewives of Gilbert during the week.
I didn't like their pad thai, it was too sweet. \nThe seafood fried rice was very delicious. \nService was ok. Kinda slow.
I have been to Rachel's many times but the last 2 times we have been the food hasn't been great. They didn't have cheese for my sandwich, they ran out of kids chicken fingers, they didn't put any dressing in the chicken Caesar wrap. No attention to detail
Decent Italian joint in the middle of the walking path in the New York.  The lasagne was tasty.  Service was just all right.  Wine was average.
Wow love the place and everything is very clean and new!\n\nGreat place to come and relax worth a try!\n\nCheers,\n\nEric Van Nguyen\nVisited April 2012
Great food and very flavorful ! Pleasant atmosphere with cool decor. Great selections on cocktails especially mojitos
The dental hygienists were spectacular however, not impressed with the doctor.  I had  what should have been a simple crown replacement that ended up taking 4 visits and 8 hours later.  When the new crown wouldn't fit, they attempted to file my surrounding teeth, to 'make it fit'.  Negative.
I didn't get to go to this park I got there at 9pm and it was closed the park and lighting here was poor. I ended up going to West Chandler Park with my dog which was still open.
I shop at Nordstrom frequently, gifts for family and friends and of course myself.  They have courteous and helpful associates to help you find just  the right gift.
Honestly one of the best lattes I've had.  What great people that really care about doing things right.
Just popped in here as some of our friends who joined us after work hadn't eaten so for them pizza, for us a glass of wine and beer.
Fantastic food, great service! Friends love their mango lassi (which is a yogurt drink.)
I had the best burger in this place, it's awesome, the waiters there are so friendly, elegant atmosphere, great place and reasonable prices
Pasta w basil was decent. Good panna cotta.
My husband and I joined Mountainside Fitness two years ago and we love it! They offer a variety of fitness classes and that is what motivates me. The equipment is perfect for my marathon runner husband. Great steam/sauna and clean locker rooms! The employees are always personable and greet you with a smile!
Boring. I did not see anything I liked. Most of the dining tables look cheap. Not too much of a selection of tables and desks. Oh and prices are too high.
Chicken VERY dry. Had a groupon so didn't pay full price. Not worth the cost they want had MUCH better at Taj Palace off Eastern and Richmar.
Blondie name Andrian is a real peach to talk to late at night when your ordering your drink after a long day.... Reality check, you applied for this job buddy so act like you have some customer service and smile. What a jerk!!!
Every time I have called to book an appointment I've been put on hold forever. Also, when I've gone in, I've been told to come back much later. DISLIKE
Bread is the best part of the whole meal!
Inexpensive and good in a pinch or a quick lineup, but I'd rather pay a few extra bucks for a full cut. Avi is a very nice and personable guy.
Oh man do I love the new sushi rolls!! The mango roll, the cali roll, and the tuna roll are super yummy. Also, the crab/cream cheese wontons are super delish and I love the pad thai.
Best meal I had in Las Vegas. I recently went to New Orleans and ate at two different poboy shops and they don't even compare to Streetcar Poboys.
Awesome donuts.  Great smoothies and surprisingly good breakfast samdwiches.  Staff is always smiling and friendly
= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =\n\nWhat a shame it is that we have now lost this place!  It was my favorite pizza spot of all in the Valley, & a wonderful restaurant where everything was just right!     :-((
Had lunch here this week with Rand H.  My chicken fajitas were good.  The rice wasn't crunchy but it wasn't soft either.  The service was pretty good.  Chains are not noted for their over the top food food but they normally produce perfectly edible recipes and decent service and this one provided just that.
Does anyone know the difference between a medium burger and well done?If not eat here and pay $17.50 for it. If you do do and you get served well done, don't expect much to happen. Time is also not important here. The food comes out when it comes out.
Came here for lunch, it was southern comfort! Full with Mac and Cheese, Pull Pork Sandwich, Fried Butter Milk Battered Chicken and Grilled Marinated Chicken Breast. None had any complaints, just full stomachs!
This is still one of my favorites, we go quite often after work. The pork belly and scallops are my favorite. We Love the ramen and creme brulee as well . It's a great place to go after a busy night at work, I run into many people here too in the industry.
I will never give Denny's 5 stars after I experienced one of the worst times of my restaurant life! My man and I came in, were seated, given menus, then completely ignored! Yes ignored. They were even snickering. It wasn't even that packed. I think they need to go back to the drawing board.
This is a tiny little Avis place hidden away in strip mall shopping center. Very few cars available. Don't expect a high-level of customer service, but it's fine enough. Unlike the Avis location closer to me, this one is actually open on Sundays. However, you can't return your rental after-hours.
Combo burrito is extremely good. Spicy pork and beef happiness. People are extremely nice and no skimping here. No fake stuff here.
This place had really poor service.  It looked like the staff did not work well together.  We constantly had to ask our waiter for basic things, like water and ketchup for the kids.  For a Brazilian restaurant they did not have a lot of traditional Brazilian dish or drinks.  Very disappointing.
I have to say, i am really not impressed with this place.  Service was spotty, the food was sub par.
Delicious pizza!   We got Nicole's favorite.  It was soooo good.   I love thin crust pizza and this pizza was among my favorites.  I only wished that the crust was crispier.   I would definitely eat here again next time we are in Scottsdale.  Yum!
Heading home last night... Jamie's was on the way home.. Got a quick Gyro and cheese bread!!  YUMMY!  I'm gonna have to move closer to this place :P
A burger that is as simple and delicious as it sounds. If you want a classic burger they have it. If you want an off the wall burger they have it. Truffle fries!
This is the sort of place I would like to love but there's something I can't quite connect with.\n\nGreat stock of organic food, nice atmosphere, cafe if you want it, friendly staff ... maybe it's the prices that put me off???
If you like hamburger helper, order yourself a Philly steak with cheez whizz. Not only did my sandwich take an hour and a half to be delivered a fifth of a mile, it's contents were no better than re-heated, leftover hamburger helper mush. DINE-IN
My wife and I had dinner at Pita Jungle and I love this place.  Our waitress Liz, recommended the Curry chicken salad and it was amazing.  My wife is unfamiliar with Mediterranean food and Liz was very helpful and informative with the menu.  The food was good and the service made it even better.  I will definitely be back again.
We have been going to tire works since we moved to Las Vegas in 2008. We are loyal customers because Kenan and his team always treat us very well. I definitely recommend this location to anyone because they have great service!
0 stars if I could, sheenas did my boy dirty and nicked his head out of control, look at the photos to confirm. This place should shut its doors after how low they did my boy.
Stopped by this morning to reup on my pre workout juice.... Love the \"BULLNOX\" nice level of energy and focus with a dose of testosterone to give that extra drive.
The food was ok, but the price made it less than desirable. Overpriced, and incredibly small portions. I gave it three stars as the service was great. If you want good Asian fusion, I recommend going elsewhere.
VERY authentic Japanese in an elegant, clean, and inviting atmosphere. The sushi is always fresh and their exotic specials (ask chef as they're hidden from the general crowd) are excellent. Don't expect Americanized super rolls here. This is the real deal folks.
BEST TRAM EVER! esp during the summer.\n\nperfect for lazy people who are hungover and not in the mood to walk (esp during the 100+ degree summers)
The ramen is not that special. It's basically a top ramen with meat, that's all. Shrimp tempura is crunchy but small portion compare to its price.
Not very good. Crab ragoons tasted like store bought cream cheese...with no crab. Chicken and broccoli was eh. Vegtable fried rice barely had vegetables in it..wouldn't go again. Way better places to go for decent Chinese food
Horrible management. Doors were supposed to open at 12:30 - didn't open until 12:50. Snack bar not ready. Manager wasn't smart enough to apologize. Only open seating - seats very uncomfortable.
Fantastic dentist and staff. Professional, skilled, friendly and efficient, I highly recommend this dental practice.
The staff was very friendly and my room was clean. Unfortunately, my bed was a bit rough and the AC was very loud and was turning on and off. Pricing wasn't cheap but despite a few flaws, it was a comfortable stay.
Food is good, customer service is horrible, they all have attitudes especially this older really thin lady
Not too bad\uff01Ramen is fine\uff0cI like beef Tataki\uff01Nothing special\uff01\nBy the way\uff0cthe Tofu is so salt\uff01
Not accepting credit cards?....hummm IRS issues anyone?
I like this brand not only for their food, as it is great, but I like the decor.  After 25 years in the Fire/EMS service, these locations bring back memories and fills the tummy with some great subs.
My friends and I all got the drunken noodle. It was mediocre, we asked for five star but it came way too spicy, AND WE ALL GOT TERRIBLY SICK. Stomach cramps, nausea, the works. Will not be eating here again!!!
I have been here 2 times and have enjoyed both times.  I had the hot pot the first time and the vegetarian pancake the second time.  My daughter loves the fried rice and they cook it special for her picky tastes.  I hope to try the vegetarian pho soon.  Those big steamy bowls look so wonderful.
Hands down the best pizza place in Vegas. The thin crust is a good new York style. But I really like the metro its a thick crust pizza that will fill you with deliciousness. I also recommend the chicken finger mmmmmm gooood! Oh my wife wanted me to add get their salad and house dressing amazing.
STAY away from the Dungeness crab.  They claim its fresh but they are actually recooking cooked crabs.  The meat was mushy upon opening so we complained and received another new crab. It was however the same mushy and spoiled crab.  Other than that everything else was fine.
No pizza for sell at the takeout window on opening day, ridiculous business.  I didnt see any of the award winning pizzas that were advertised for the grand opening. What kind of  grand no takeout business at a pizza business. Most pizza joints do more than half of sales from takeout business.
One of the best meals we've had this year, and we're from Philadelphia. Excellent all around. Seemed like the staff was getting in the weeds with a private party and full bar, but smiles and friendliness always go a long way.
[asychronous voice over in a gravelly voice]\n\n.... ah, you ah good.  Velly good.  But Berragio's Buffet-Fu is bettah!  HAI-YAH!\n\n[/placeholder]
Quite possibly the best Cirque du Soleil show I have ever watched. So much fun, combines acrobatics with aquatics. All around impressive. We loved every minute.
I didn't know Panda Express served food in porcelain plates.
Saw Brandy for an eyebrow reshape. She was fantastic,  very friendly,  and definitely knows what she is doing!
I just moved to this area and this is the closest taco bell to my house. I've been there six times now and not once has my order been right, its always a surprise what I will receive.
I've only gotten the toffee frap the few times I've gone, but it is daaaamn good. Try it out!
Used to go their a lot because of the diversity of crowd. \nLike their music which is more hip-hop.\nBut after 2012 when they were shut down for a while because of underage drinking, this place was almost empty.
This place is super hard to find and you'd never think to eat here unless someone refers you. Well I'm referring you. It is awesome! I haven't had anything I didn't like but there gyro is so good. They give generous portions and it is delicious. Also their feta is amazing.
friendly staff. The place is clean and there are tons of hot sauce if you're a fan of spicy. I'm giving it 3 stars though because it is a little pricy for what you get.
I have to say aside from the hotels and casino's, Walgreens has scored themselves some prime real estate. Plus open for business 24 hours, smart move!\n\nThey have everything (except alcohol) you need that you forgot to pack and everything, while still vegas priced, listed less than hotel prices.
I usually do a lot of my clothes shopping at this location. Today they were exceptionally unfriendly
small. cramped. no coffee. dirty tables. hair in food. Oct 10th at approx. 1200hrs. Never going back.
The food here is pretty good considering it is from a cafe in a casino. I was expecting more cajun or creole style menu items though.
Went to play craps and one of the pit bosses during the day got mad when I hit a $10 12 twice.!   After that he came up with a new rule and didnt let me place the dice.\nWouldnt even color me out when I left after that.
Wow! Fun spot, they keep lights dark like a club when in class so you're not self conscious, which helps not worry about missing steps.   The energy is amazing, the music is great, and it's an awesome work out.
Stop searching and just go. Now. Order the sunset roll and fall in love with it like I did.  So perfect to get some sushi and then head into the Harkins 101 for a movie.  Love it.
I LOVE this building and Bryant !!! Whether you are interested in books, history or architecture this building is Classic. Its easy to walk to, there are a few wonderful restaurants in the area. Bryant Park is a wonderful retreat in the center of the city.
Athena is great. I'm always changing my haircolor and she is the one I trust when changing my hairstyle. I've been going to her for four years and never had a problem. I get lots of compliments too!
I was very impressed by the customer service I received at Honda West. Everyone was really pleasant and answered all of my questions. The actual service to my vehicle was excellent as well. Overall, I am one happy customer. Thanks Honda West!!-That's from my mom!
fast and courteous service. Great service. they got me in quickly and took care of my needs.
new location place is very nice..good mix in the menu..food and service were very good. they have a huge outside patio area should be great when it gets a bit warmer.
Everything we ordered here was delicious. The area where you enter looked desolate which almost turned us away, but the patio and \"glass room\" were fully occupied. Delicious bacon quiche and french onion soup at reasonable prices for the strip.
Chili's is OK, but somehow I don't like the food as much as I used to.\n\nThe service at this particular location was awesome, but the food itself was probably the worst in memory that I have had at Chili's other than the appetizers.
Service is good here is why i gave two Stars but the food is just ok... My steak tasted Like it was boiled..if you like places like Texas road house this is not the place for you-you will be disappointed
This is a cute spot and they have amazing staff. I love sitting out on the patio while listening to their live music. The servers are very knowledgeable about the wine and always give great recommendations.
Was in the area and decided to get our \"toes did\". Great chairs and not a long wait. They did a good job. Affordable $$ paid $23. The girls that worked on us were really nice and funny!
Friendly & accommodating and have always done a great job with our dog.
Probably the last review for this location as it closes today.  Thanks for many very good lunches over the past six years.  Love the salsa bar, chips, and burrito especial.  Will have to drive a few minutes to hit the 59th and 101 location-worth the drive :)
Awesome banana and other fruits + nutella crepes. Coffe was too strong. Fake silverware is a plus over white plastic ones.
I would like to say that the food was good, or bad, but I was told to leave before ordering. 9:30 on a Monday and they would not serve a 2top. Apparently the carpets were so bad that they had to close early to treat them. Jesus was nice, yet unaccommodating.
Food had amazing flavor, best quesadilla's I've had and the shakes are great too! Service was quick and friendly!
Don't go to this location the employees are rude and are not customer service oriented at all I got the food it was cold and hard if I could I'd give them no stars
Love the bread.  Chicken Salad Sandwich is great, and not something I would normally eat.  I think it isn't as personal an experience as they might think.  Rushed, fill out your own order, etc, but the food is good.
Place is nice. Food is good. Ordered the roasted half chicken. It was superb.  It had a crunchy skin and was well spiced. Bartender was a good wine selector. Service was well oriented. 4 stars due to a higher price.
Nice people that work there. Kitchen seemed very clean. Food was pretty good but portion for price paid was way way off. Food did seem a bit oily also. I kinda halfheartedly recommend it.
This place is definitely worth the money for locals. You get half off the price and there is a ton of variety. I wouldnt go too often because it would ruin the experience.
Well, what to say. Food was ok, small portions for the price, but when in Rome you must try. The bookstore next-door is what got me in here. I'll visit the bookstore again..
While the food here was good, I am just not a fan of the long line, the packed atmosphere, and the tight quarters. Just don't feel like I had any personal space, and made me feel a bit stressed out, and rushed. I would suggest coming here for breakfast, however I highly recommend to avoid the busy hours.
We love it!!!  We have kids and they love this place and the chefs are amazing. Very kid friendly and the food is delicious. My kids pick for their birthday dinners every year for the past 2 years and even my wife picked it for hers this year. We will be long time customers - i hope it does not go anywhere.
The staff is helpful and if they don't know something they will get the person that does.  Kudos to manager (Jonathan?) who was very helpful and informative with the questions I had regarding bikes.
They said sorry in an Email and that they will hook it up next time we visit.. We will see!
Food was good!! Waffle was everything I was expecting!! Service by waitress ruined the whole experience. So disappointed in the way my family & I were treated. The busser was so friendly & helpful but our waitress should find a new job. Will return to support local small business and good breakfast spot but will not sit in her section.
The dinner was fantastic. I had a hard time choosing so I had the waitress choose. She picked the spicy tuna sushi.  Pork Gioza, salt and pepper squid, sea bass. Everything was great until we decided not to have dessert. The waitress's attitude completely changed.
Amazing!! The man working the counter really knew about the business and it made my experience better. I was curious about the gelato \"spaghetti\" dessert and he suggested to make it \"his\" way. Which was absolutely delicious! I'll definitely be going back.
Vraiment sympa et avec de bonnes pizzas au feu de bois... Faites une croix sur l'accueil jovial, sauf exception... Et pr\u00e9parez-vous a attendre un peu...
Very average Chinese food. Some of the dishes were on the oily/greasy side. Vegetables overcooked.  The atmosphere is almost fast food Chinese (ie Panda Express), but then they went crazy in a Pier One buying up the Asian stuff.  So they were trying to do better than food court quality.
Yep it's a Dairy Queen, It's a little busy around 7, but worth the wait.
Had an awful experience tonight with friends. Bartenders were un inviting margaritas weren't as expected. Experience eas sub par..
You can tell these guys like what they do. Food is prepared nicely and they are a fast casual type of place. The lunch crowd fills this place pretty regularly but I want to come in at night to try a rack of ribs next. I had the brisket sandwich and it did not disappoint!
Went there specifically to try the eggplant that I had seen some good reviews on; it was good but not great status; the 3 star is given due to service and the Italian dressing was great.  The garlic bread is dry and not as good as some reviews testify.
This hotel is beautiful, the amenities are outstanding. The rooms are decorated beautifully and the staff is incredibly helpful. \n\nTHE HOTEL is my new go-to for Vegas.\n\nalso, their SPA is OUTSTANDING. $15 for an all day pass.
Yummy pizza. The garlic dipping sauce and sweet pizza sauce go well together. It was delivered hot and crisy in half the time they said. Super nice woman who answered the phone.
Artie swung by when I was in a jam, promptly fixed the problem, and was incredibly professional. He's fantastic!
Okay, I decided I wanted acrylics and gave Phoenix Nails another shot. This experience was much better than my last! I love my nails! I decided to go with the gel polish and I am glad I did.
A great Mound shortcut... \nAmazing views of New Town...\nA lack of tourists!
What I love about this place is that the service is constantly fabulous the food is wonderful and the company divine. Love everything about it is specially the too young lady sitting next to us.
Was pretty dissapointed with this place, it had a lot of people, and could have been a great experience, but the music and dj killed the mood. Hard to explain but it just seemed lazy, like they just turned on a radio and turned the volume up. Hopefully it will be better next time I try it out
Didn't let us have breakfast, because breakfast closed 4 minutes before we ordered, and we were waiting in line for 10 minutes.
Good price, not so good gel manicure. The nail tech did my gel manicure as if she was applying regular nail polish. It's uneven and some got on my cuticles. Will not be returning.
Site advertises $30/hour for takedown of braids and I was told in store that it's $60/hour for the flat...lol bye bye
Worst service ever. No shoes between size 8-11 at 2pm and the lane didn't work after waiting 30 mins in a empty bowling alley.
I got the Ultra $25 wash & clean job today. Their quality has definitely gone down from what it used to be. Windows have spots all over them and I had to remove lots of easy to clean spots all over our vehicle.\n\nDefinitely debating on whether I'll be returning in the future.
Food & beverage are great but the service is horrendous. Been there several times & my only complaint is horrible service.
Horrible. Tried to charge us $50 for a small fix and when we didn't want to pay that and started to leave screamed and insulted us. Don't go to this place, it is a rip off and the help is the rudest I have ever come across.
After my review I was immediately followed up with Business Manager to amend things and was advised I would receive a call.....That was 1 9 days ago. I stand by my review and will only visit the location in houston.
People behind the counter are so busy watching football that they forgot things that should go in my sandwich, didn't give house chips when asked they gave them with a rude look. Would not prefer this place again.
Make sure you check your orders before your leave, I got a burrito bowl with no lettuce and sauce on the side when I opened it (while back at work) it had lettuce and they didn't put my hot sauce on the side in the bag. That simple stuff really gets to me.
I got a beef burrito... for being a kind of Mexican place, it wasn't very good! I was also a few drinks deep which ALWAYS makes food taste better so that's saying something. The service was great though...
its ok, no pharmacy which is a bummer (go to the one on the capital its, better & has a pharamacy.  Its got what you need though, great convenience store really.  Watch for the cheap candy :-)
A fairly decent Walgreens. This location did not carry as many items I have found in others, but everything was organized and clean. The employees were helpful and friendly.
First time here and ordered the Bison burger. What a pleasant surprise! The burger looked and tasted great. Awesome selection of gourmet toppings and cheeses for the burgers and they are NOT small!
I just went there to try for the first time. I ordered Burger(no tomatoes, no onions) w/bacon and reg fries. The burger was alright but the put a slice of tomato w/o the bacon which I was charged $1.57 good luck.
I was not impressed with the food, clientele, or the service. There are two good things about this place: ice cold beer and it is next to the ball field.
Nice salon n trendy! I had a tanning package there and tanned there for a few months, got me pretty bronze! The good thing is the packages are affordable and there is no start up fees or cancelation fees. Everyone there is friendly.
Best burgers. Nothing more to say.\n \n\nAlright, I will say it again - Best burgers.
Very disappointed with the \"New and Improved\" GameWorks. I do understand it is a smaller location from there last, but its so cramped in there. Usually lines for arcades that dont even work right. Over-priced. Just not a place where I would spend my day with friends.
I love their food, just wish they would drain/sop the oil off the fries prior to serving them.
I only had a spider roll and dragon roll so I can't comment beyond that. I was impressed the food tasted great, had large portions, and service was fast and friendly. I will definitely come back next time I stay at Luxor so I can try more. Prices were high but that's Vegas.
This place is pretty\nempty pretty often but\nthe food is quite good.
Well my first time here it was great had to kalua pig I will definitely be back place is very cleaning service was excellent
Visited here with a friend on a Friday afternoon. It was pretty slow inside, not too many people. Yet I felt like we waited around more than we needed to. There was only one waiter to service everyone there. Food was ok , nothing special.
So I just checked my credit card and found the refund of the shuttle tix. I almost lost the hope since no one noticed me about it. I received an email from the PR staff of airport shuttle the day after I posted the original review, so I guess the review here does help solving the problem.
Very comfortable with a wide array of products for your well-being. This is where I buy my rosewater.
Good friendly workers @ this place. Didn't get to try their yogurt, ordered oatmeal. They even filled up a bowl of water for my friends dog! :) thanks guys!
Not impressed! Service was just 'OK'. Ordered a water and it tasted like chemicals. Ceviche was decent. My wife got horribly sick from her ahi tuna tacos. Had it coming out of both ends if you know what I mean! Won't be heading back there anytime soon.
Pretty pricey for a burger it was ok...  wont be going back..   server was good and atmosphere was nice.
I used to eat here, the service wasnt so great, seemed like the staff was snooty. I only liked 2 items on the menu. If you want good food with good scenery and nice friendly staff go up the road to twin peaks.
Known for there wings. Good ones, meaty and hot. Bleu cheese on request. Not a lot of parking when really busy.
Too crowded and music was questionable...
Came back and brought my friends.. they are happy! they like the Bun Bo Hue!!\n\n\nThanks again! =)
Great service, lots of tasty options spinach enchiladas were delicious also chips and salsa they give you are great, the green salsa is my favorite! Will be back to try more.
Ride the bulls gals and put on a show :) Just wear pants, please!! Fun spot to get drunk and do kinky things with cotton candy! Great happy hour specials!\n\nExtremely generous bartenders and huge portions of food. Well worth the money!!
Excellent food and an interesting menu.  Love the hash.  Service a little... disconnected.  Not rude, just sorta checked out.
It's closed.
This is exactly what Vegas started out as.  It's what it's supposed to be about. A great live jazz band, beautiful women that are great dancers and a wonderful singer. I would recommend this show to anyone looking for something to see in Vegas.
Two stars for service other than that not worth it. We had Breakfast specials steak and chic fried steak food was under done and the coffee tasted like it was cooked with firewood they said they had \nnew cooks I blame management no proper training.
We drove across town to eat some late night Chinese food, to find they closed 30mins early. All because they felt like it, the employees where sitting at tables with their phones out. So unprofessional I will never go back and I am a regular.
this the worst company to work for mike is the owner and Krystal Jacobs is management, they don't pay there techs and lie to there customers
This place kinda blows, it's pretty on the inside. The service is pretty weak. The food is always lukewarm, doesn't really have that fresh taste quality. I've gone twice now and the only appealing part was the rice pudding. Sucks because john cutter's is always on point!
The food here is average.  I tried the ramen and kim chi fried rice.  Both were just OK.  \n\nThe concept of this restaurant is pretty cool.  They show anime episodes/movies on their TVs.  The waitresses dress up in cute cosplay.
One of the worst experiences ever...
The French dip was really good. Staff was pretty friendly until we had to ask for something they forgot to bring and then they didn't show up as much.
Love the pickles!!!! BLT I swear is a whole pig! So much bacon! Pastrami is very good but could use some cheese. I'd come back!
My first time into a Pita Jungle in a few years, and now I'm a fan. Shwarma wrap was excellent but the garlic dip won over our whole table.
The auto glass company that is set up here is super shady. They rescheduled our appointment 4 times and still never showed up. We finally had to cancel our order. Not happy at all. Stay away!!
Food was great but the service was really slow!!! I think he forgot about us!! Plan on spending a long time there!!
really think they can find a way to have diet sodas or at least unsweetened tea. the tomato soup was really not good... especially with the orange aftertaste in it. sorry but this restaurant wakes innovative approaches to cooking that really do not mesh well.
We were excited to find a well-reviewed Chinese Restaurant close to home but were disappointed after eating the food.  My 13-month old daughter and I had an upset stomach that night and my dad got sick when he ate it for leftovers.  Needless to say, we will not return.
I come here every Sunday and sometimes during the week because they have great food at a great price, but they increased the price on all the food. To be honest, I think it's now too expensive for the portion size that they give you. I'll be trying other places instead on Sundays. :(
Food was not good at all I got the tacos and enchiladas both were cold when they came out my kids got the quesadillas and those were also gross I will never be back here
Best beef brisket in town! The sides are also VERY tasty - my fave are the smoked veggies!
Very slow service and I don't know how they can run out of PLAIN bagels! Luckily, I like their food so I keep going back ....
My wife and I have eaten here more than a dozen times and it is one of our faves.  The service is superb and the food is freshly prepared in the kitchen to come out like what you would experience with a home cooked meal at a Mexican Grandmother's.  This place gets our highest ratings for value, quality and service.
Finally open! The first great (New) Mexican food in Gilbert! Pretty busy for a Monday night but the staff handled it well. Food was really good, especially the roast red chile salsa! Margaritas very good and what a great selection of tequilas. Top notch all around. Will be back on a regular basis.
I waited in line, behind one other person, for a whole 5 minutes... and no one acknowledged any of us in the line to take our orders, tell us they would be with us in a moment-- nothing.  In the meantime, there were about 5 or 6 employees scurrying around.  I walked out.
Service was great. We had to wait for our table but they quickly took an order from us at the bar for appetizers and drinks. The menu had plenty of choices and the food was excellent! Great atmosphere!
And oldie but goodie. Haven't stayed here in a while and had some friends stay here over the weekend and went to check it out again. Great place for a decent price. Good location if you're looking for things in that area.
Difficult to not compare to Falaffel Drive In in San Jose but this place is just ok.\n\nThey dont have enough white sauce, falaffels too small but it was tasty enough. \n\nI might return to try the gyro.
Ahhh never again!!! They fucked up my engine and left my seats wet!! On top of that they did a a terrible job on the wash and had to do it a 2nd time!! Never again!!! I will take my bussiness else where!!
This location is very slow and they don't greet you when you come in. They just stare at you. (It's super awkward) The smoothies are pretty alright. Not bad, but not anything super exciting.
I'm a simple breakfast person, eggs potatoes, and they did not master that dish,  the gang we were with loved their dishes though. Therefore if chi chi lala is your type of breakfast then this is for  you.
Good value for what you get! We enjoy the unique selection of food. The sushi is good.
Went for brunch on a Saturday morning. The food is excellent especially considering the price. The back patio is good environment...laid back with lots of umbrellas for shade.  Only negative was average coffee and juice (not that fresh).  Very close to giving this five stars.
The pizza was cold and maybe two days old and the Hot Dog was over priced. and then they charged to use a credit card. Do yourself a favor and keep looking. This pkace gives Freemont Street Dives a bad name. There's much better places to have a quick lunch around there that won't break the bank.
Had an amazing experience today!  The 2 members of this team cleaned places that I doubted anyone would notice.  Extremely thorough and friendly.  I will definitely have them clean again and refer others.  Thank you for making my home look and smell beautiful!!!
Fantastic service, great fish, all around a great place to grab sushi.
I used to live in Oaxaca and this is the only place in the states that comes close to the quality food that you can find in Mexico. Five stars because you can come here and spend about $10 for some really great food. This place is a local favorite and my wife and I will be continuing to go here at least monthly.
Great place to chill and buy mods have a great selection.  James and other staff great to speak to very friendly and know what they are talking about. Budda friendly pittbull walking around. Juices are good too.
Great place in Old Town Scottsdale!  The food is great, the service is good and it is in a good location!
Great presentation of food! Very imaginative and creative with a LARGE array of different cuisine! We each had about 3 plates and were overly satisfied with everything to choose from! If you are heading to vegas, you have to hit this place up!
I probably would have liked it, but after two hours and repeated phone calls and assurances that my food was on its way, my food never arrived .
Always good food. Love their thin crust pizza. Reminds of me of back home in Connecticut. \nWe go often for both take out and eat in.
My friend invited me to try pizza here at Cheezzheadz. And what I am excited about is the gluten free foods that you can choose from. What I love is their very cheesy pizza and tasty buffalo wings. Yummy!
Expect to wait for hours. They are very thorough which is awesome but you will spend all day there for just an oil change. Free wifi though. The guy at the counter also wasn't very friendly.
Love this place!!!  the atmosphere is the best, and the food is great!!  I cant wait to celebrate my 30th birthday there on April 10 @ the Sahara location =)
Their cheese curds batter is perfectly light.  I also loved their corn bread.  The salmon was pretty good.  My buddy enjoyed the all you can eat shrimp.  We were served by Amos.  Very nice guy who'll soon open up his own restaurant.  This is a must try.
Once again, this place doesn't disappoint. Stopped by Vegas and we had to eat here again.\n\nTheir food is fresh. Meat dishes are juicy and flavorful. The hummus and bread are perfect together. They are consistent and I highly recommend this place.
Not one of my favorite airports.\n\nFor a place that always seems busy, the terminals seem undersized and the signage seems lacking.  Food choices are limited behind security.\n\nI will say this though - the folks who run the stores really seem to know their business and have been quite helpful and very friendly.
My new favorite place ever! I got the greek salad and mimosas (plural). who can beat a $5 mimosa?! Love this location and I plan to be back.
The food was good.  Terrible service!  If you get a server named Chad, just leave.  He was awful.  And bartender was pretty bad too.  Poured weak drinks and didn't mix them very well.
Great service.  Nice selection.  If everything runs smoothly with my rentals this place will get 5 stars easy.  Ill keep everyone posted.
Nice locals bar to go for a drink or watch a game. The burgers here are very good, above average for bar food. Plenty of machines also for video poker.
It's a great place to workout. They have great equipment and all the stuff you want. I haven't used personal trainers there but I've seen them in action and am less than impressed. Do research, ask experts, and go in with a plan. You have all the tools at your disposal if you go in educated.
Been back maybe a half dozen times since I wrote the review. Gets worse every time (service, food, all of it). Dim sum trendline is down at the GB!
Not a huge fan of the location (stand alone building near strip mall) but the beer is top notch.  Great job last fall on the Rye IPA and this past weekend enjoyed thir IPA and a coffee infused brew.  \n\nHave not tried the food but I do recommend buying a growler of their beer.
I've had sushi from all over and Blue Wasabi is my favorite spot. Wish I had one close to where I live now. Any of the rolls are great and service is always top notch. \n\nSmall recommendation - sit outside. The lighting is a bit dark inside.
This place is a joke. They hold on to your tapes for weeks on end, you can never get ahold of them by phone, their mailbox is full and they're rarely even open during their business hours. Unprofessional and poor quality. Stay away! Rip off!
Edit: I looked this up, and you are correct it was not a groupon. It was a coupon from Restaurant.com
All I can say about this place is: meh. Not bad. Not good. Overpriced for what seems to be heated up diner food. I was starving so it was convenient but that's probably the best thing about this place. Convenience. In the lobby and open all the time.
Cold eggs. Crappy sevice. Rude manager. NEVER AGAIN!!!!
Pretty basic. The food isn't amazing and it's not horrible either. If you're looking for nourishment, GO. One plus is the atmosphere. If you eat in the back part of the restaurant, you're surrounded by windows so that's pretty cool.
Great place to party. Haven't tried the restaurant or the food, but the bar area is live. Not flashy or high end, just live & cool party spot. \n\nHard to find but worth the effort.
Awesome selection! Owner helped find the perfect gifts.
Food is good but the service is slow.   Didn't care too much for the outside seating either.
What a gem!  This place is definitely our GO TO sushi spot, and not just because it's on our neighborhood.  The only time I've had better sushi, we were in San Francisco.
lots of shopping came to buy things\n\ndodged asian tourist to get to stores\n\nspent money - would do again
The food was pretty good, nothing overly exciting.  I was impressed by the wine selection.  I would give this place a higher rating if their service was better.  It has been lackluster at best.
I lived in jersey for a bit, and my dad owned a deli there, so i have grown to appreciate an awesome jersey sub. jersey mikes has no competition in my mind. the service is awesome, so friendly. My fave is the #9!!
Look the food is phenomenal, but when you leave spending $18 bucks for just your lunch and you got a wrap and a lemonade.....its hard its hard to get excited.
I highly suggest not ordering a cake from here. My cake was very dry, the fondants was rock solid. The cake was held up by straws and the whole thing collapsed on the short, slow drive home. They gave us nasty looks when we arrived back to have the cake repaired.
We were charged more than I was quoted over the phone. I should've questioned it but I didn't. Rudy never gave us an invoice as promised. On the good side they showed up right on time though & his assistant was very nice.They do good work but I think we'd use somebody else next time.
Great just hole in the wall pizza place. Has a nice New York style pizza location. Pizza is well flavored and has nice ambiance. Only like 7 chairs along the walls. The major plus is that they will even make a Chicago style deep crust from time to time.
Best place to get authentic mexican tacos/food at 4am after the club lol(:  open 24hr.
Horrible...just horrible.  Bad service, under staffed, crappy attitude, long wait, longer wait for drinks, longer wait still for the food.  Did I mention the food was bad as well?  That's like 0 for 7.
I like DSW. I like to find the bargains in the back.\n\nThe only thing that is bad is that when you check out they want a lot of information. They could probably get by with just a zip code.
Blue 32 proved to be a welcome change to the common sports bar.  I was very impressed with the decor and Menu selection.  I would have given a five star rating, but on this visit the service was a bit out of sorts.  I will be back to try more of the delicious fare.
This has always been a great store to go to for all of my cell phone needs. My wife's phone had messed up, and the manager was able to offer us an upgrade with the EDGE program and to lower my overall monthly bill without a renewal of my contract. Great customer support and these people are not amateurs. Military friendly!
Well, the beer list is hard to beat, and the great Germian food is fantastic.
call this morning because my grandaughter broke the elec Window  moter in my jeep .Mike came out did a great job and even fix my window that hand been stuck for a year or so.at my house no fuss  Thanks again Mike & best glass
It seems like this place is always the lunch option for me and my coworker. The staff is very friendly and welcoming and the food is excellent.
I agree with the reviewers below -- Shawna is an excellent trainer, and came to our house to train our Goldendoodle to stop pulling on her leash during walks. Mission accomplished in just one hour. She's very knowledgeable and a true professional. I highly recommend her!
Chicken cobb pool-side\nSprouts, avocado, so good!\nSix dollar Cokes - bargain?
Nice family restaurant.    The Denver omelette was delicious.
Best $7 lunch in vegas. Fast hot and tasty. Cant go wrong.  Its just inside the gold coast.
I'm a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay and his restaurants and BurGR did not dissapoint! The burger was cooked to perfection and the fries were delicious. Come early if you want a seat because there is always a wait!
We really enjoyed the food it was really good and so was the seasonal beer that was organic
The owner is a rude Vietnamese woman who goes around the shop speaking in Vietnamese to the women who work there without regard to the non-Vietnamese speaking clients. To make things worse, they speak in Vietnamese about salon clients. Everyone  here speaks Vietnamese constantly. Services are as good as every other shop. So why spend more for rude attention?
Eeeew! Dive City! It's downtown, so you may not ever want to try this place. Sure, the price is super-cheap, but that means so is the security and the kind of customers who go here... yuck.
Typical Panda Express.  Reasonably tasting fast-food asian food.  Very happy to see them in Queen Creek.  Quickest and cheapest asian in the QC.
Good fresh salad bar with a nice selection of soups. Can get crowded and loud during peak times. Join the email list and get weekly discount coupons sent directly to your inbox every week.
Dined here a few times for breakfast and lunch. Nothing to be too impressed by. The food is generally greasy, the tables dirty, and the service definitely lack-luster. \n\nThe only reason I went in the first place was because my friend bragged about how awesome the place was. I left unimpressed.
No more king crab legs. Quality is crap. This is no longer good at all. Eat at the sand which place upstairs
Had take out from here yesterday- food is ok, not as good as Robertos in my opinion-it took them forever to get two burritos and a quesadilla and then they forgot my churro - so I had to make a second trip, I will try again and give them a second chance
Another great experience here at The Draft House.  Love the Staff, people, and food.  If you have a bad experience here, please talk to that staff.  They are great folks like you and I.  Thank you Draft House!
Soups are all amazing .. Fresh daily from the father; sandwiches, salads and pastries from the mother to die for .. Nothing but great food from a family owned and operated business .. Tuna sandwich and cream of cauliflower soup and croissant are FAVs. Olivier could not be a more welcoming host!
What a bunch of crap! You can't bring an outside drink in and it's located off the strip?! Food is mediocre and expensive. I would pass
Nice park but people really need to pick up their dog poop. I have a dog and I clean up after her. I don't understand how pet owners can be that irresponsible. Other than the poop issue, there is a nice walking area and plenty of play areas for kids.
Their juices are incredible! Check out their 3 day cleanse
We were meeting friends at the Tavern Grille so I looked up the reviews and they talked about great service and great owners. We were pleasantly surprised that the reviews were spot on!!  Great experience. Loved our waitress Desiree!
Great place, great ambiance, great food, great service!!!! One of a kind!
I do not fly Delta often, but I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised and have no complaints.  All my flights along this trip were on time, and service was wonderful.
With so many places to go in Vegas, this is a place to avoid.  Service was slow, food wasn't that great and for vegas...you are left wanting more...a lot more.....
Horrible! Can't get an order right. Dirty. And who the hell puts black olives and red onion on chicken parm? Steer clear. Bunch of idiots. Never going back. Chicken sucks anyway.
How can a Mexican restaurant this close to Mexico be so average? Service was great, food was like so many other places. I had the Fajitas and a Margarita.
Thin crust, good sauce, fast service, and clean. If you like New York style pizza and you're in the area this isn't a bad option.
Similar to Petsmart but IMO, not as clean and organized. Sales are great as well as Petco card savings. I seem to go back and forth between Petco and Petsmart. They both have stores close to home, and staff is friendly and helpful.
Their car washes are excellent and they do a wonderful job!  I love their oil changes for you get a free car wash each time you change your oil and $3.00 off your next oil change too. Friendly workers and Amazing place!  Smog checks only $18.00 too
I wrote a review for LGO... but I realize it is more appropriate for the 'Grocery' section.  The Pizzeria section doesn't have near the same issue with overcrowdedness.  But you still have to contend with people sucking up valuable seating space while working on their ipads...
Late night Pizza spot that will put some grease on your stomach to soak up some of that liquor you would have taken in throughout the day and night! This pizza isn't nothing to write home about, but you have to remember you can never go wrong with Pizza!
I did not like this place at all. The store was messy and the merchandise was horrible. I don't know how they make any money off of selling stuff. The staff was very rude and had little to no knowlege regarding jewelry. I will never go back and I highly recommend driving south a few blocks to EZ Pawn.
Better to grab a can or use bell for shuttles. Long lines. Long waits impatient travellers. After waiting an hour and seeing that we were at least 2 more busses away from boarding we used the taxi que. Do not recommend.
Athens fries and a Gyro salad. Yummy yummy in my tummy
one stop shop for snacks and a birthday gift!  Can't complain, except there was a long line and only one person working checkout!
It's not really authentic. Maybe I'm not ordering the right stuff, it's barely good. If it was dirt cheap$ then I could give it an extra star. The service has always been pretty good and it's a cool spot for a big group. The food is just bland.
It is nice that they offer their smoothies with Splenda.  There are many options under 250 calories and they're even 24 oz, not 16 oz like Jamba Juice.
Had a great lunch.  The food was good.  I thought the fried pork chop was a little dry.   Greens were good.  Haven't had a chance to try their dirty rice.  Maybe next time I go I will try.  Is it as good as my dirty rice?
Don't believe the hype!! The service time is ridiculously SLOW!!! First time here and not that impressed. Food is good but as good as you can get for COLD food.
I can only comment on carry out. \n\nI have ordered carry out food from here a number of times and am always impressed. I typically get a shrimp or chicken dish, and soup. It is definitely above average Chinese food. I guess that's why its more expensive than most Chinese places.
I've been here several times, have had breakfast burritos, tacos, combo plates, horchatas.  It's always great.  Well seasoned.
The Tavern on Mill is an average sports bar with cheap drinks and we come here to watch UFC fights because they don't charge a cover. We always leave when the fights end because there are better nightlife options in the area.
Absolutely amazing breakfast. Wonderful server, super cute atmosphere! Try the pot bread, red velvet pancakes, chicken fried steak, the ultimate and eggs Benedict. We loved everything!
The food was ok.. Serving size was good but the service was horrible. Maybe it was because I was with a big group but everyone had to switch plates. I was happy to see there was an alternate option for kids. I'll stick to my other spot in china town..
We had a few pints and some appetizers.  The appetizers were alright, but nothing special.  However, they were extremely overpriced.  This place is not worth the bill.
Bland boring noodle place. I was hoping this would be like the chain Noodles & Company. Nope. The feel of the place is nice. The pesto pasta dish I received had no flavor to it. It was very bland for pesto.
Food here is ok not 4-5 star quality.
Great service. Will put you in agreat mood.
Cold buns, lunch meat from a package, honestly it was worse than a school lunch. The appetizer was the best thing(chicken, cheese, tortilla)  We were excited about a new place in the neighborhood but this one was a let down.
Really good food, the pepper beef is amazing and the Egg Rolls are always on point, the waitress may seem like she hates you but I've been there enough times to were she knows me but still, same face, and sense of urgency. still love this place and will continue to go.
Cougarville, meow ... \n\n\nThe restaurant itself seems pretty cool, with a super huge patio. But our server left much to be desired...  I wouldn't willingly go there again.
Very upset! I came at 4:03pm and they wouldnt give me my happy hour. So tip for anyone that come to this location: do not be even a minute late!!! This is thumbs down :-(
for breakfast or lunch this is the place to menu is very extensive for a smaller place and food is awesome
Love their watches and the guy who was there when I went was way too hot to be working retail!  :)
I like this store it's very easy to find items. Very helpful sales staff and the girls were good at figuring out my style.
The best there is. Simple as that. Period. Full Stop.
This place looks kind of classic, and like it might be good since it's tucked away near fremont, and it was recommended to me by a local, but I just didn't get this place.  I found it substandard and fatty.  The meat did taste freshly killed, but I wasn't feelin' it.
simply amazing!
Something smells fishy.\nUpon entering the restaurant a strong smell of fish was present.  This usually is a bad sign that the fish isn't fresh.\nWe ordered salads and I had Steak.  The food was fair and service was fair at best. Definitely will not return
We went there New Years Day and you know how food can taste after NYE.  Well the food was great and the price of it was even better. Will definitely be hitting this spot again.
I'm a big fan of teriyaki chicken and this place didn't disappoint! Really good healthy options. Mr Olympia eats here so how could you go wrong?
A couple of coworkers and I walked in here last weekend.  We had the pleasure of meeting the biggest jerk of a bar tender I've ever come across in Las Vegas.  ZERO stars.  I will never spend another cent in this place.
Phenomenal , Authentic Greek!
If you are a business person, don't stay here. The crowd is pretty low rent, restaurants (minus NOBU) are ok at best. Thinking they have the worst/slowest internet I've ever experienced. it's actually mindblowingly slow. I give this place a C- at best.
They place rocks!!! First the flavors in the food are absolutely amazing. Shrimp and Crawfish are so fresh and come in plastic bags of goodness.... I have to say this place lives up to the hype and will become a regular in my top places in Vegas.
Mushroom cheesesteak with a Stewart's root beer for lunch today. Freshly made, toasted bun, all good! Friendly service.
Amazing food!!!..and great employees..but 3 stars because of service..need to hire more employees..
Are you kidding me?  A vegetarian dream in an odd Antique store?  Yep and fantastic prices and wonderful food to boot.  More than reasonable prices, portions and panache. Seriously, though, this hole in the wall is worth finding.
I needed my Whirlpool oven repaired, so I called E&J Appliance.  They gave me a 2 hour window, and showed up right at the start.  The repair was quick and painless.  Great service!
Not a coffee drinker, but I am a computer geek in need of wifi.  This place is open late (10pm) and has a soda fountain (score).  Fresh cookies and pleasant owners make it above average!
The staff especially the manager Leilani is really nice and helpful. Recommend this place for anyone who wants to buy a bike whether you are a novice cyclist or a pro. You will also have free fitting when you purchase the bike.
Your only choice for movies if you're on the east side.  Older theater shows the current films but don't expect anything extraordinary from here.
Expensive, but food is consistent and pretty filling. I've had alot better ramen, but in Pittsburgh, choices are limited people. So if ramen is what you're craving, this is the de facto place.
Great theme ! Awesome singing ! good Italian food ! Worth the drive off the strip ! The food and the service is great !
Postino's in Gilbert was stunning! Amazing outdoor/indoor chic atmosphere.  Food and wine were excellent as expected! What another great addition to the Postino family! Loved it!!!!!
Hot links were very average. Terrible texture.
Went back again for another Pedi, and the experience was great again! You can really feel the love and tender care in this salon :)
The service was great and food came quickly.  The prices were good and the menu was easy to navigate.  I love their online menu.  Unfortunately, the food wasn't anything to write home about.  No one in my party of 3 cared for their dishes.
Very disappointing. I ordered the pepper bacon and expected thick strips of bacon but instead I got 2 strips of thin, nearly meatless, bacon. Don't waste your time or $.
Went there to photograph a concert. Great crowd and fun quirky locals. Loved the dive bar ambience without being trashy/dirty. The lighting for the show wasn't great but the sound was good. Great beers, too. Get the 99Shillings.
Purrfect NIGHTMARE! They are either blithering morons or criminals.  Took my car there for a leaky gasket... $1200 later my car is still leaking (shame on me)
Authentic Mexican food at a decent price. I had the street tacos and the serving was more than enough for me. It tasted good and the price was decent. I will come back this place for the food and the service. :)
Roger and Angela are great personal trainers.  Despite having only worked with Roger for a few months, I can definitely see the results.
The salads are more like appetizers and the place is definitely not gluten free friendly. I had their signature salad and it was disappointing. I found it overpriced for what you get. If you are gluten free I would avoid this restaurant.
One of the best Chinese restaurants in Arizona. Their potstickers and lo mein are excellent. They deliver to a large area and are very quick.
Always good, always fresh. great food at great prices. what else can I say
Service was slow and it wasn't busy. \n\nI appreciated the live music but can I get a refund on my bland food? They have music playing so you don't notice the food is horrible.  The shrimp dish I had was rubbery.  Seriously, is this Mexican food? No thanks and never, ever again.
Everything here is delicious. I always take my out-of-town visitors here, even when they are not vegetarian, and everyone has loved it. It's a great addition to Pittsburgh's vegetarian dining scene. Also great for people who are gluten-free.
I spent 5 weeks out of the country and the first place I spent money upon my return is this home away from home. It's a great location, yummy products, priced right, and a fabulous staff!
I've only gotten sushi as takeout here and my experience so far has been great!  The order is always ready within 15 minutes and the rolls are pretty tasty.
Hit & miss.   Today was a miss. Eggs and bacon both under cooked. Pecan pie was runny and glopy.
my hangover fix before the long drive back to LA - always gotta make a stop here! Service is always on point too.
My daughter and I had dueling pedicures recently. I would say that there is nothing out of the ordinary here nothing special. The folks there are pleasant and they did a good job although I would have enjoyed a bit more massage time.
wow, been very impressive with the building, great location (center of Montreal) side to a mall,  subway access, service etc etc. beware wifi is extra. got facilities to pool and gym, room service is very efficient and rapid. got a blast... will be back for sure
Had a hard time enjoying my burrito today. The entire restaurant smelled like a dirty bathroom -- as if a toilet had overflowed. Horrible. There were several customers sitting happily outside the bathroom who didn't seem to notice. But it was overwhelming to us. Unfortunately, I won't be back there any time soon.
I work nearby so I eat here a few times every week and love the featured items that are different every day. They also have a preferred dining card which gets you a free meal every 7th visit. Excellent lunch food, options, and it's cheap for what you are getting.
Cool place. Love getting gas here instead of Henderson.
Delicious! (Way better than KF.... The other chicken joint) Tender chicken with crunchy skin, excellent fries, & garlic bread! My mouth is watering just thinking about it!
Super busy and the food is overcooked. My over medium eggs had a hard yoke. My medium steak was hard and crispy around the edges. I'm starving so I'm going to eat it.
Mediocre service, served ice cold brocolli, husbands steak was ok, drinks were good, but overall experience and service were not that great!  Unfortunately not impressed!
We have been coming here for many years.  The food is always great and the service is fast.
It's Subway.  Pretty much what I expected.  The folks I dealt with were pleasant and professional.  The sandwich was fine.  No complaints.  Nothing special, but no complaints.
Negative star! This place is the last place you want to go. I went there to get my lab results, they had me wait for 2 hrs just to tell me my labs aren't ready and i had to come back!
Excellent customer service, very clean!
Heavy sauce, mediocre shrimp, good and friendly service. Do not think I will go back after two other friends said that they felt as bad as I did after eating there.\n\nThe only reason it has two stars is due to the excellent service.
This is the best loan center there is in vegas. They are they to help you if you need it! I just have fantastic things to say about this place not only are the employees very nice and helpful but, go above and beyond to help. I totally recommend this place if you need emergency money or are in a difficult time.
Love it.  I can share because of larger portion.  Good meat....good everything.
Awesome! Luxury at its best!
One of the dullest hotels I've stayed in.  Food was subpar.  Sheets smelled of mildew and A/C was not properly working.  When I woke up, I swear I thought I was in a cheap motel and not a Sheraton.  Wifi only in the lobby area.  There is free wired internet in the rooms.
Blueberry cake donuts are the best.  Stick one in the microwave mmmmmmm
Not soming I will be going to eating  all the time, a little on the pricey side for a dog!  It was good and I will go back soon!
This place was a joke! There was NO casino. Maybe they have good restaurants at this hotel, but other than that, it was a waste of time to see it.
Good, consistent food in a nice setting with good service.  This is not stand out Italian food, but still worth checking out!
Had arugula salad and stuffed zucchini. Great for GF! They have a variety of naturally GF (and vegetarian) items as well as GF spaghetti to sub out.
3 hour delay from las to oak on sunday night. Trash in all the seat pockets (gum wrappers, empty soda bottle). Dont try calling their cust service either unless you like talking to outsourced policy monkeys. By far the worst airline I've ever experienced.
I'll keep it short, this is the best curry in Las Vegas,
I recently had Kincaid's restaurant recommended to me from the hotel staff at Renaissance Downtown Phoenix. I order the Prime Rib and I have to say it has been the best tasting and most tender piece of beef I ever had in my life. I would recommend this location for anyone visting Phoenix.
nah. my friends did not like the poke/seafood salad...and i tasted it, it was not GOOD.
The food here is EXCELLENT!!  The place is new, so it's still a little disorganized, but everyone here is very friendly and goes out of their way to accommodate you and your party.  It was nice to see one of the owners (Jim) running around and making sure everyone was getting taken care of.
One star is very generous for this place. I paid for a executive room with fridge and microwave but that did not happen. The front desk was rude, the room smelt awful, and the bed was very uncomfortable. Also the free breakfast was a joke, it was super cold and gross! Never stay here!!!
First time here, great food and great service.
Fair price low quality food. Service sucks, cashiers have attitude. Very cheap and very stingy people here. Also why have workers working with food with no knowledge of the ingredients. This is my third and final visit, it's upsetting how excited I was that a shawarma place was opened so close to me, oh well.
Excellent! Can't say enough good stuff about this place. The BBQ sauce is incredible and the Brisket falls apart and is so moist. This is my new favorite place.
Great service. Had what i wanted and ensured i would be satisfied. Very welcoming when i walked on and decor is also welcoming. Go check them out.
I love this place for the tofu soup. It is fast, hot, satisfying, and inexpensive. I have been going here for about 4 years now. I also like that they bring out a \"pupu\" tray of appetizers, like potato pancakes and kimchee to snack on as you wait.
The food is not bad. Few hot chicks. Pretty lucky place for me :P (I won money in BlackJack)
Wow!  Great meal!  Fantastic filet...great family style sides...amazing chocolate cake!  What more do you have to say?  Oh yeah, the wait staff was top notch!  Simply the best meal I have had in a long time!
I eat at chipotle all the time.with that being said, food is standard but this is THE ABSOLUTE SLOWEST SERVICE EVER.
So good, there verity makes it fun to go\nBack and try something new
This place is always excellent.    I've never left unhappy.    Even amongst so many good offerings in Madison, this diner stands out.   Plan your arrival carefully though, as there is often a long wait for tables.
best chicken strips of all time. done.
Quick and easy to rent a car even on a holiday.
Good food great old school hip hop high ass prices....definitely different items ..like ox tail fries,  different.
We had our previous cleaner for 14 years and when we switched to Queen of Maids the level of clean went many notches. Our shower floor has never been this white! Thank you Queen of Maids!
My family were loyal US Cellular customers for 12 years. They were once the best. Now their customer service is the worst. They've penalized their customers for the bad billing implementation. Try to talk to managers in customer service, and you'll hear the rudest, most uncaring attitude. Goodbye forever US Cellular!
Came here at 11:30pm and they where closed :( really sucks cause their hours are suppose to be till 12am!!! my feet hurt so bad and now I have to go on a mission to find another place. Such a waste if time driving all this way won't do it again
So I had the \"Chicken Teriyaki Bowl\" It was pretty good was Impressed Better then other Chicken Teriyaki Bowls I've had. The atmosphere was nice to real clean, Staff seem friendly. I will go back
It is mexican by a stretch of the meaning.  The orders are always wrong!  Have to check before you leave thw place and hold up the drice thru.   The food is wdible and cheap.   Good for a bsic burrito or such.
I LOVE MY NOSE RING! And HTC is the absolute best!!!\n\nThey take walk-ins, are really friendly and professional, and do GREAT work!
Watch out for BED BUGS. Stayed in tower 2, pent house floors for halloween 2014. They did give us a new room but GROSS!!!
I tried jerk pasta which was pretty good. It was not over cooked unlike most of the Italian restaurants in America. I think it was a bit pricy for lunch though. Waitress was friendly though I had hard time understanding her accent.
I've been to this place a number of times, and I usually enjoy it  They are very nice but sometimes service can be a bit slow.  My biggest complaint is that often the air conditioning either isnt on or it's turned way down which prevents me from visiting when it's warm (c'mon, its Vegas!)
Staff can be slow and inattentive if you just come in by yourself. As always, food is cheap comfort food so if you're in the mood for that, you really can't complain.
Everything was AWSOME. I got the famous chicken and waffles with a Bloody Mary. I was so stuffed after half of this giant portion but I just couldn't stop eating and forced myself to keep going. Prices were reasonable compared to most places around. I will return and would recommend to anyone.
Checked this place out for breakfast this past weekend. The waiter at first wasnt that friendly but sorta warmed up by the end of the breakfast. Food was good and priced very well. Worth trying if looking for something non chain for breakfast.
I travel for work all the time so I am always visiting new studios.  I went to two classes at Urban yoga - both candlelight flow classes.  Fantastic space, great teachers, friendly students.  I highy recommend this place for locals and travelers!
I just got back from Hawaii and remembered to yelp this place. The poke is great. A good variety and very fresh. It's out of he way but worth the trip off the strip.
Today my bf got his first hair cut here by Nicole. She was so detail oriented and took her time. They have great customer service and honored the $5 off coupon for new customers on yelp. Also don't be fooled guys Nicole does a great job with straight hair! I can't wait to be back!
This place rocks. They saw us on short notice and took care of business. Elvis was amazing. Was worth the trip!
I really didn't like the barbacoa...maybe it's the coffee flavor or the really, really fatty meat.  My friend loved his order so I had to bump it to 2 stars.  I guess you never know what will suit you.  Give it a try, the salsa bar is pretty impressive.
Best spicy thai food on campus by far. Everything on the menu is great.
Don't go here if your hungry!
My wife and I went there for the first time & it was delicious.  Everything from the salad to the baklava was great. Gotta check this place out for awesome Mediterranean food. We'll b back again soon.
Love the freeze squeeze OJ! Perfect after hangover.
Love this spot! Very well designed and crafted with love, so much natural light regardless of the size of this building. The people working here were amazing. What a great facility!
Say no to oasis on bagels.  Bagels were hard and they did not even cut them or give me any cream cheese.  I ordered over a dozen and the least I'd expect was for them to be cut and fresh.  Only thing else I've tried was their smoothies, and they were not what I expected.
So delicious! Yummy, yummy, yummy!! Portions are a tiny bit small, bread underwhelming, but my GOD!!! Everything else is like a dance party for the taste buds. Holla!!
It's a good place to bring the kids for some average bar food in a fun setting and decent hamburgers. Don't expect anything amazing. It's just a sit down Burger chain.
The restaurant is lacking in decor but makes up for it with its authentic, great food. Price was very reasonable.
Took my order home only to find a rotten orange included as the side with my wrap order.  Smoothie and wrap were good.  Fruit, I threw away.
Our cocktail waitress Haley was so rude and unprofessional... Doesn't surprise me for a college bar... Try the other places around there and avoid this place.
Barista doesn't know how to make a cappuccino. I got a full cup of coffee with a little foam on top.
I have no comment.
I know this is not standard for all locations but, one of my Employees found a cap in their burrito. Thanks but no thanks.
Note to self DON'T take super shuttle when needing to get to airport!!!!! Late & Lost...WTF
One of the best movie theaters I've been in. We really need one of this in California.  I like the concept of D-Box. If you don't know anything about D-Box just google it. I'd definitely come back to this place.
We had a morning flight so it was eat and run on the day of our visit. I opted for my usual - OJ, fresh fruit with strawberry yogurt, bacon, huevos rancheros and corned beef hash. Everything was okay with nothing standing out.
Great food and drinks very good service ..will go back again strawberry splash here i come
Crispy pata a must in this place! if you have party they can cater to your needs.
We had gelato. It was good, but it was too heavy/creamy for gelato. The cakes and cookies looked pretty, so the next time I am in NV, I will try it. \n\n3 stars for gelato.
4 for coffee and brunch food. Great coffee and expresso. Food is brunch and very good. Try quiche, potatoes, tuna sandwich awesome. Say a 4 for basic brunch food and drinks.
Can't ever have enough pretzels!!!! Small location but super nice customer service. The people are really friendly and attentive. They were giving samples and there was a line out the door. That fresh lemonade was refreshing on this cloudy day!!! :)
Love the happy hour at this place. Great food, decent drinks and a wonderful atmosphere to boot. Happy hour is every day 330p to 730p . Sitting out on the patio you can enjoy a nice cigar with your libations if you wish. Great spot to people watch
One of the best things about living in the Northwest is that we are down the street from Leticias.  Great service and the freshest, best Mexican food in the City.
Not Tasty At All.
They have balut.\n\nThe other food we had was pretty good too.
The service is abysmal, but the food is fantastic. I have no idea how one kitchen crew is able to draw inspiration from, and successfully replicate so many different cooking styles. The flavours were so on point, and the dishes were perfectly varied. Highly recommended.
The Asian Cafe Express gave me the best Asian experience I have had in years.  The food was excellent and the service was as on point as it could have been.  I have since gone back 4 times and the experience and customer service has remained consistent and Asian as per my preferance.  I'd highly reccomend this establishment.
Delicious food, great service! Atmosphere is perfect.  A few details away from being gourmet! Highly recommend!
This was the largest breakfast buffet we have tried in Las Vegas in recent years.  I was very happy with the raspberry smoothie, OJ, crispy bacon, Belgian waffle with fresh strawberries and wild blueberries and crepe.  Overpriced as is expected on the Strip, but still very good.
Trying the spicy popcorn chicken for the first time, flavor is ok. Somewhat dry. Love their soda slushies.friendly service, a little bit of a wait but the car hop wad very friendly and cheerful.  We like sonic and this location is convenient.
By far the best zoo in the valley. The year passes are great and pay for themselves. Plenty of shade and places to sit and rest, especially in the AZ sun.
Pit of dispair. No self checkout. One register open. Its 5pm and there are 40 (no joke) people trying to checkoit at ONE register. Plenty of employees walking around but ONE register open AND self service CLOSED. wow.
Service good. Expensive again 2 omelets for 80 and coffee, juice no alcohol.  Vegas is crazy expensive. Food great though.\n\nRight by the pool so we ate and lounged after.  you have to walk around a bit for a place outside. The outside eating patio isn't always open.
Worst front desk customer service tonight - so inpatient and just plan rude.  Thanks for not helping me tonight after getting stranded in Phoenix airport.
Once again Gen-star saves the day.\nAn alternator I bought 10 months ago developed a bad VR.\nThey fixed it immediately.\n\nWe are very lucky to have a facility like this here in town.
Eat Perogis. That's the most important thing. I got the traditional potato/cheddar on my first night in town. I'm somehow certain I'll be having more before this visit is over. Two young guys working when I went it and both spectacular - great customer service and traditional food. Loved it.
Came from NY to try this place but what a disappointment, i ordered the \"Lomi noodles soup\" they served it with an overcooked noodles, noodles that melt in your mouth how bas was that...:(
One of my spots when the wifey ain't around the BBQ mixed is my fav either this or cheesestake !!!!
Cute little cafe hidden by the overlook pool! Very small menu and decent food but timing was very slow. 50's style decor and tons of windows for people watching. With all the places to go in Vegas I might keep searching!
Awesome food!   Awesome Service! Awesome atmosphere!  I will be returning.
Just a review of the vintage retail (not the salon):\nEven though the selection isn't huge, I always find a number of things I like and have to choose what to actually purchase.  I got a coat here that's turned into my winter go-to, and some ties that I really like, too :)
Great happy hour and always friendly service.  They offer 2.50 large beers and 6.00 personal size pizza during daily happy hour.  Great fresh brewed beer and decent pizza.  Lots of parking and a good atmosphere.  Only complaint is they dont have sound on for sports.
This place is great. Refreshingly different, good atmosphere, well made drinks and reasonable prices.\n\nCouldn't give the full 5 because of the location - it isn't close to anything.
I love this place!!!  They are very hard working therapists that offer massage for extremely reasonable prices.  I can afford to be a regular here because of the low cost.
If I could give this place no stars I would. Roll very small for the price. The miso was awful.
The Bavarian cream was mind-blowing!  Sexy and silky as sin, it was the best version of this donut variety I've tried thus far.  Embrace it and you won't (literally) be able to show your face in the morning.  Approach w/ caution!
Eh...
Not bad, not great. Went there for lunch with my gf; decent selection, she got fried rice, and I got the orange peel chicken. They weren't very busy (lunch time), but we still waited about 15 minutes to be served, however the staff was friendly. Ingredients were fresh.
I love the pizza here. I come here all the time with friends. The pizza is always delicious and the lunch specials are incredible when it comes to price. I have only had a couple encounters with snotty teenage workers but otherwise it has always been great.
Definitely not my first choice for gelato. Taste generic and more like ice cream rather than gelato. Highly disappointed.
Ironworks is a great spot after a nice 18 holes.  Exactly what you would expect, but a gem in the middle of the North Valley.
Good food. Way too chaotic!  Very loud. Nowhere to sit because tables aren't bused. Half the price of PF Chang's but miss the ambiance.
The food is excellent and the delivery service is outstanding.  They handle everything with a smile. We've eaten our way through the menu and haven't found anything that wasn't good.
We were walking around. What a nice suprise. Dumplings are really great and flavorfull!! You should taste!!
Okay. Went for round 2. Took 15 minutes for anyone to even acknowledge I was even there.  Even after I saw one of the owners sitting a few feet from me. Lesson learned will not be back for round 3.
This is the best Pei Wei in the area. Food taste great 95% of the time! They do need to improve on keeping the dining room clean and sanitized.
They're ok a little bit pricey and sometimes they seem undercooked but the green corn is excellent.
Well, in my opinion, it doesn't get much better than The Signature.  Check-in is always fast and painless.  The rooms are always spotless.  Nice lounge and pools.  \n\nKeep up the great work!!
We eat here often. The garlic fries and southwest egg rolls are my favorite but the waitstaff is hit or miss in my opinion
Food and service are average quality. Dining in offers very little ambiance, but it works for decent take out.
Worst Mexican food I have ever had ! Tortillas were cold and un cooked ! Over priced !!!
Noodles great.  First place that makes chow fun without black bean sauce....make sure you request it :)
Its a Denny's and we went there mainly because it was the only thing opened at the time.  We had a huge breakfast and everything was pretty good.  Good service.  Good food, but not amazing thus the 3 stars.  This location is kind of dingy looking, but cool they put up big screens to watch while you are eating!
This cute little pastry shop is open most of the night. Unfortunately the pastries look better than they taste (the cupcakes were good but forgettable) but could definitely curb a sweet tooth!
This paper is so bad I can't even explain. Now that they are charging to read online I can't wait until they go out of business. Why pay for this garbage when you can read news from other valley sites for free. If I was gonna pay for news it sure wouldn't be this junk, it would be NY times etc.
Great Food super service by Thomas - We  were up from Tucson and after shopping at Ikea  - needless to say tired - Thomas gave us great service and chit chatted with us  then  sent us on the ride back to Tucson with best wishes. thanks Thomas
Jay walks on to an empty stage populated only by 5 guitars, a stool, microphone and a bucket of ice containing 2 beers.  He covers music from the 60's, 70's and a little from the 80's while taking requests from the audience.  His memory is excellent as is his voice.
Meh
First visit food was good,  but service was erratic.  Came back for a second visit Tuesday at noon.   The doors were locked and no one in sight.   Their hours mon-thurs on the front door state they open at 11:30.  Very odd...
Thus place is very clean! Good seating, and very friendly and efficient staff! Have to say thus subway should be an example on how they should be ran! Definitely will go back again!
The view and atmosphere were incredible. Main course was perfect but the predetermined starters were not the best.
WARNING*** This business is closed. Me and my wife were going to eat dinner when we realized the place has been seized by the city.
So glad we found this place on Yelp. Seriously our favorite breakfast. So much better than The Place. My boyfriend is already making plans to go back tomorrow. Ha!
This place is awesome! Burgers are a mile high...and the veggie burger was the best I've ever eaten! Chips, salsa, and guacamole are all homemade and delicious. I highly recommend this bar and grill!
My last stop in Vegas always a satisfied coustomer!
Horrible service.  The brushetta was cold and it took them 40 mins to bring it out.  The manager that wanted to discuss the problem with was very confrontational.
I did a Modesto with the Ricotta and Meatballs from the Spring Street on a thin, extra crispy crust. It was pizza perfection! In fact, they should make it a menu item just like that, call it the Farino Metro!
We just had supper there, ordered the deep dish pizza and it was incredible! Our server was very attentive and informative, would definitely go there again.
Best carne asada in Vegas.  The burritos are massive.  Nice variety in the menu.  Definitely light years ahead of Roberto's and other Mexican fast food places.
Our first time there and we loved it ! the food was great  !My husbands hamburger and my fish and chips were amazing. We also loved our ceviche appetizer. So glad we found this place. The service was also very good. \nCant wait to go back
They need better service for the high prices. But this is Vegas. Will not come back. The food was good, just not worth the price. Maybe the buffet is a better deal.
Was there 6/22/13. $10 cover and TV monitors were pulling in \"No Signal\". Even the staff chuckled when I pointed this out during my exit.
Great place and awesome piercers! Very knowledgeable about their craft. Went there to get my nose piercing put back in after an MRI. Bought a new piece of jewelry for it and got my brow pierced. My piercer was awesome. I would recommend going here for anything piercing related.
These tiny cakes are amazing! I tried the Black Forrest and Carrot. They are especially dangerous because this is placed just outside of the elevators. So after a night of gambling & drinks, it's hard not to stop! Just remember calories that happen in Vegas don't stay in Vegas!!
I'm giving them 2 stars, only because this is the closest Starbucks to my house. The service is slow, and many times I have seen baristas walking around while the line was out the door. Unfortunately many of the baristas seem more intent on having inappropriate conversations than taking care of customers.
The absolute worst Steinberg I've been to yet!! And that's saying something. Staff is difficult and rude!! First and last visit to this location.
The price is 18.00 per person to get in, I expected a lot more sharks and bigger sharks. The ones I saw we are not so big.
not only is it a great place to eat -but it's definitely got the capability to serve those when they need  catered meal....unbelievable menu options for catering and every single one of my guests had nothing to say but positive thing's.local family owned business that I would recommend anybody looking for great middle eastern food!
Real good, great atmosphere. Nothing much else like it nearby in AZ, feels like an old farm. The bathrooms are cool too if you get a chance to check them out.
The food here is unique and yet still has that home cooked flavor and ambience. Good service and a casual but well appointed atmosphere. It is a small chain that seems to have found the secret to making each restaurant location as good as the original...No cheap copies here!
Staffs are friendly even though they are Working on Christmas Eve. Very good smoke meats (beef & turkey) sandwiches! Pouting is also good stuff.
What a great little bar! Food was delicious, beers were cold and the bartenders were so much fun! I will be returning for sure! Thanks Bob and Tammy!
Best place for business wear, for work, job interviews, etc. And Levis are always on sale. Make up counter for the girls, casual wear for the guys. Win win. I hope they stick around..
Food here is great pretty much everything on the menu is delicious they even have Portuguese beer the desert was very yummy  the waitress was very friendly will be back again
Shamika is AMAZING!!! I came into the salon for an ombre look and she did a great job, exactly what I wanted. I love my hair! She is the best stylist I have ever been to and would recommend her to anyone. She is great at what she does!
Terrific local shop with top quality pastries, wines, and breads.  The owner is incredibly knowledgeable about wine and will guide you through the selection while being considerate and down to earth!  I hadn't been before but I will be back!  Phoenix needs more places like French Grocery!
Best ph\u00f3 in Vegas.
This was the best burger I have had in awhile. Our server Christopher was amazing! Very attentive and made it a great night.  The fries did taste frozen though but I guess that would matter if the place was called \"Le Fry Brasserie\" Bravo!!
Just an FYI, not many veg* options. Gravy isn't veg, but the pancakes are a little on the massive side. A little flavourless though.
Nice antiquey (if thats a word) atmosphere, tons of tv's and a huge bar.  Would visit again!
:-)
Did you know businesses can BUY \"good reviews\". \nFunny how there is such an extreme of Good vs. Bad reviews.\n\nI don't believe anything good can come out of this dealership\nexcept a good con. Buyer Beware!
This place is THE best place for Italian Deli sandwiches in all of Phoenix (but located in Scottsdale) the bread is incredible! It's definitely an institution! Just GO!
Worst spaghetti I've ever had, and very little of it too. Will never order from them again! Rip off.
Looks a clean restaurant and good customer service. Bowls to small for the price. I can go to Pei Wei get the kid bowl go the same price or lower.
Great food and service! The pad tai was excellent and all their appetizers were just as good.
Great happy hour and service. Get the black and bleu burger
The place has an awful smell, the condiments table is super dirty, and my Chicago beef was lackluster
I live close by. I love eating here. Service is impeccable and the ambiance is wonderful. My sweet lady and I love to dine here at least once a month. It's our special place. My names Mic Tre and I approved this message.
AlwYs a good family dinner option. We live nearby and enjoy this place. Fabulous pizzas, really tasty with toppings cut perfectly and they are huge slices!!
Very disapointed with this location. Limited menu, lower quality food (dry rice) and super slow service. Not up to the high standards of the rest of the P.F. Chang chain.
Awesome service! Cute little spot with great fresh ingredients. Best crepes I've had in town!
First time there, friendly service, food was ok. Get the lentil soup and call it a day.
My girfriend and I have never had a bad experience here! Turkey burger is great, fries with the dipping sauce and all while sipping some Lindeman's , Pecheresse.
Server was nice, place is pretty raggedy. Male workers are perverts, food is horrible. Bland fish & steak. Over salted vegetables & watered down tap soda. Excellent clam chowder! But...would not return.
Super nice empolyees but the store could be cleaner and more organized. Love the cheap prices though, came in looking for something and left the store with what I wanted very pleased.
It's fast food but it actually tastes good. Chicken strips are juicy, not dried out like everywhere else. Menu board is a little intimidating. A couple of times I've experienced a slightly distracted order taker but other than that, staff is pretty friendly and chocolate malts are great.
don't be a sucker...an hour walk for one nurse shark.
The guys here are very nice. They seem to genuinely enjoy their job!
A perfect day we will remember forever. Thank you Vicky and the rest of the staff at Vegas Weddings. I would recommend you anytime
Good enough... a dive diner, with inexpensive, pretty decent food and service.  It's been around for quite a while, so that says something as well.
Horrible Horrible Line!  Worse than Disneyland!  Food is great but after waiting for so long, who cares about the food.  If you're diabetic, you might pass out before you get seated and don't be fooled by your ticket time.  There's more waiting after that.  Go to M Resort instead!
A quaint little Mediterranean style shopping village in the heart of Summerlin.\n\nA nice place to have a drink or two after work or shopping. The shops are trendy and a little expensive.  \n\nparking is confusing . . .they need more  signs directing you to the parking area.
I  asked  the  server  it  there  was  lard  in  the  bean  burrito  and  she  said \"No, only  beans\".   Now  I  found  out  that  she  lied  to  me,  they  are  actually  made  with  lard.   it  looks  like   Filibertos  does  not  even  publish  their  nutritional  information,  probably  for  a  good  reason.
Pam is amazing and that is all that is needed. My nails are perfect every time and I am the pickiest person on the planet! I can find something wrong with everything....but not with my nails. Love love love!
Italian tapas.  Small trendy place in Vieux Montreal.  Very good small plates for a late night meal.  We did wait a while to be seated because host was also waiting tables.  Once seated food came out quickly.  Very friendly service. A bit high priced.  Overall a nice place.
Quick Service and you get a large quantity of food. I wish the lady behind the counter didn't have such a bad attitude. General tso tofu 4 life
First time eating Vietnamese Food.  Waiter was delightful and helpful.\nWonderful food, very fresh and healthy! I wish it were closer to Scottsdale!
Aggressive, mixed club. Don't bother unless you are looking for trouble. I would not want anyone that I cared about at this club.
Great sweet potato fries. Just incredible. That itself is reason enough to visit. However, I went for lunch and it was incredibly cold inside. Either they switched off the heat or their heater has problems, it was snowing outside and we were freezing inside. This is also the reason the food becomes cold very fast.
Solid shipwreck burger with all types of goodness inside and good brews, ambiance was quiet on a Wednesday night. Staff was friendly and accommodating as well helping find seating for a group of 5-6.
Average fish house. Fish is good quality but usually tasteless because the seasoning does not do anything to enhance the flavor of fish. I don't like how seafood is slaughtered with butter. Adding butter to everything does not make it taste better.
Awesome tex mex burger. Have to get the cheese and ale fries too. Good atmosphere and kid friendly.
Hubby has a weird thing for macarons so we made our way here to sample a few. My favorite was the salted caramel. They have a nice little cafe space, too. :)
Food was good, if she cooked it all i wouldve been impressed. This deserves more people. Support your local spots.   You won't regret it!
Great pizza , big slices got 2 pieces for 9 bucks buffalo chicken and cheese pizza and it's right across the street from my room at the hard rock . Pizza is the best food late night when you've been drinking all day
Tory was the most friendly and helpful, I had a great experience here tonight on cinco de mayo. Also the guy with the point tail was excellent! I love this place coming back for sure.
Have been here to dine a few times. and went for happy hour on a friday night.  Very decent prices and the food is great. The place was busy but we are able to belly up to the bar. Will be back for sure.
Just took my dog into VIP grooming for the first time and it was a success! Really reasonable prices. My dog came out so cute and happy. He's usually mopey so that's reassuring to me that they took good care of him.  \n\nI'll definitely be back!
Great place. Loved it. Good starters loved every bite. Pasta fantastic. And lastly loved the Tiramisu. Will be back
Everything from the starters to the dessert was amazing. Highly recommended. Only loss of a star was for the restaurant decor. Very boring.
Nice decor. Decent food. Great service.\nGood for lazy Sunday eat outs.
Cafe Rio has quickly become my favorite place to eat out. The food is great, and the atmosphere is great for families, couples, or groups! Plus, they have Apple Beer!
This has to be the worst overpriced restaurant on the strip. The service is horrible the food is okay; nothing impressive. The restaurant stinks I believe is overdue for a remodeling. When you first come in you are welcomed by the kitchen. I can't believe this is the best setup they could come up with
They Suck waited in a line for 3hours and then they stated over capacity and told everyone to go home. When I walked pass the entry I seen the owner letting a group of girls in so the service was  absolutely horrible first time in Vegas love the city But I Hate 1-OAK In the Mirage Hotel will never visit them again
Solid mcdonalds, good coffee, fresh , accurate orders. Free wifi and a remodeled dining room.
The Spot is awesome.  AJ is the best.  She provides cuts (and color) for me, my wife and my two daughters and manages to please us all.  All our thumbs are up.
Go somewhere else if you can. waiting an hour for a drug test and over 2 hours to see a doctor is a joke.
Buffet starts at 11 and we reached at 11:30. We were surprised food was cold already. Chicken biryani and chicken curry were really good, everything else was okayish. Service was good and very polite.
Best thai food restaurant I ever went!\nEVERYTHING is so good!
Why do I always come to XS in the dead of winter? I give XS 4 stars for its outdoor pool area, but 3 stars for the indoor area. The indoor area, though comfortably insulated with just the right volume of EDM, does not give the swankiest impression.
I should have known better than to order breakfast at a pizza joint. Burrito was cold and had egg shell pieces. They had a big pan of scrambled eggs that they scoop eggs out of and reheat. Should have waited until Las Vegas to eat.
Had the combination crispy noodle dish, it was soooo delicious!! I'll be back here for sure!
this place is awesome for having having iced coffee drinks on a summer day or hot soup on a winter night. It's great for meeting friends to study or just to chat. \nI would come here over starbucks, second cup or any bubble tea place (unless you are craving bubbletea of course)!
Definitely unforgettable !!! I've never had a worse meal, I ordered the \"turkey\" burger and I'm still searching for flavor!
The grilled yellow tail salmon here is out of this world! I have eaten here twice in last 8 weeks and the sushi is fresh. The miso soup is great. Everything I have tried has been delicious. The staff is fairly friendly. Looking forward to happy hour here in the near future.
Airport is showing its age...maybe I am biased as ATL is my home airport, but Skyharbor leaves a lot to be desired.
Friend wants to hit some balls. OKAY. My alter ego Grace Park must emerge. \nWe bought a bucket of 90 balls and went to town. It was pretty fun, but I can only hit so many balls until I get bored. They also have a putting area to practice on and a bar! WOO!
Excellent value and food.
Yuck!  I have no idea why people go to this icky, over priced chain restaurant.
Food was good, the waitress Janelle was one of the best. She was always smiling, did not come over to much or not enough.  The place was clean aswell. What I did not like was howbI could he some employee yelling at another in the background. All and all. I would return.
Great chips, but, way too salty. I'm drunk right now and they are way too salty.
Bon, tr\u00e8s copieux, bonne ambiance, service super sympa !
Food is always pretty good and the scenery is A+!
Not a bad selection of items, there are only stairs no wheelchair access - however watch out, there is a short and stout Hispanic woman most likely 30+ who is definitely a bitch if you don't speak French with her, so please watch out for her attitude, it will ruin your experience :(
Just was walking through to see what was inside.  Consider it a big mall that you can sleep at if you wished to!  Since I did not stay at the hotel itself, I can not give it any further stars.
I am so glad I had a Groupon because this place is over priced and just ok.  The crust is ok, not that great and the sauce is terrible.  We will NOT be back.  All hype and about the atmosphere, not the food.
Tracy the manager is beyond rude. They refused to serve  a burger with just the bacon and the cheese. It was terrible!!! The attitude was ridiculous and the drink prices were sky high.
Food was good but not great. Service was blah. Never even got a water refill.
First time here it's an awesome place.. food is amazingly good.. service is outstanding.. a must place to eat.
Just average cheese steak; but, I did have an adequate turkey sandwich the second time around.  It was, just a bit small for the price!  I'm basically done with this restaurant.  Too many other options available for the price.
do not use MACY'S card they changed the minimum payment to $25.00, and will not help the customer at all
I had the Catfish Dynomite, was very good!  And the appitizers were very flavorful and great quality...my wife had the pad kee mao(drunken noodles) which I tried and they are nice and spicy with good flavor as well. \n\nHigh Quality!
Another refuge in this strange city.   Wonderful grub.  It was the high point of my trip to Vegas last weekend.
I love this place!! Staff is nice! The drive-thru is usually busy so if I'm in a hurry I go inside and I'm in and out quickly!! Also love the app...I get free stuff quite often!!
Had my worst Vegas night club experience here ever and I've done a lot of Vegas!  Pure has the worst service and downright scams people here.  We had a group of 20 and they pulled a bait and switch trying to practically extort a thousand bucks from us.  Stay as far away from pure as you can!
I refuse to eat at a restaurant where you stole 98% of your menu from another restaurant and just changed the names!  Shame.\n\nWish I could give zero stars
Great food, huge menu with a good selection. Tuesday's are 4 tacos for $10, great deal! Service was a little slow but everything else was very good
This  is the 2nd vehicle I have purchased from Land Rover and it's because of the excellent level of customer service they provide.  Actually, it's because our salesman, Jon Parske is awesome!  He's great to work with and hope if you're in the market for a car that you go see him!!!
Good margarita, but left due to the awful (really awful), music.
I highly recommend trying the pizza muffins (both the original and the pepperoni). Unfortunately, our experience was overshadowed by EXTREMELY poor service. And on the night we had out of town guests? We won't be back...
This store is a lot of fun to shop for plants in.  They seem to have a nice variety and friendly employees.  Also, the store was not too busy or loud.  Enjoyable way to spend a Saturday morning.
I had the sesame noodles with chicken it was good, but it had a peanut flavor in it which I didn't care for.  They make all the noodles on site so there really fresh.
Ask for Justin, he is super helpful!!
There are a lot of burger places in Scottsdale and this is my fave.  They make everything from the burgers to the buns.  The ordering system is strange and I am not sure who to tip but besides that this place is the shiznit.
We came with our kids for an early dinner. Our first impression was underwhelming but the food saved it! The yakitori melts in your mouth. The pork shumai were amazing! The noodle dishes were good, but could have benefitted from more sauce. Overall excellent!
I'm addicted! Everyone there is so freakin nice. And Maui dogs are delicious.
Very helpful staff. Never a wait for service.  Chase is THE MAN!  That guy is super nice and helpful.  I'm not a big fan of AT&T, but he has saved their bacon as far as I'm concerned.  This store is great!
Best Mac & Cheese I can remember!  The Whiskey Chili was really good, as was the Sweet Tea Cocktail. Good service made for a really great meal.
The Roller Coaster is on top of the New York New York hotel and casino. It is worth doing once even though it costs $14 for a 3 minute ride. I would recommend sitting at the front even though it can mean a slightly longer wait as seeing the Vegas scenery rush by is pretty exhilarating.
Took our Cavalier their for the first time this morning. Great service, asked me questions and returned him looking awesome. The lady on the phone when I made the appointment was great as well. We found a new home for dog grooming and will return all the time. Thanks to Lori and team.
Decent restaurant.  Nice food, nice people, not great enough to go our of my way for but good enough to stop at if I was driving by.
not a bad hotel.  lobby is pretty, beds are comfy.  nice restaurant Diablos... but small casino, a bit dark, not happenin'.  and all the employees were sullen, not friendly at all.  We will definitely be staying at a different hotel next time.
My car looks great, and all of the employees were very friendly.  I opted for the $24.99 full service car wash and used a $3 off coupon from their website. I will definitely return to this location!
I'm not sure why people like this place so much.  The wait was long, the food came out cold, and the pastas were overcooked, gluey, greasy messes. The service was friendly but the food was very poor. Will never go back.
It was okay. My husband & I went there last week & neither of us have any real complaints. Everything was okay... the food was mediocre, the service was fine but nothing over the top.
The only place I stay in Vegas. Great prices. I don't need a fancy room since I only use it to sleep 3 hours. \n\nThe pool is nice. I love the slide. I love the drinks. I love Vegas!
Worst sandwich store on campus. I tried two different sandwiches here on two different occasions and both times, the sandwiches SUCKED. The bread is too dry and tastes worse than storebought bread. The sandwiches are drowsed in olive oil/vinegar and do not taste very good.
The salsa sucked.  The food was ok.  Being a native Arizonan I am hard to fool.  When you look at the clientele dining here you will know what I mean....
A friend recommended. Nail tech was  friendly and did a great job. Wine was good.   Massage chair was better then Polished. Overall enjoyed the experience and will go back.
The food here is always stellar. Fantastic pasta (linguini con vongole), delicious beef carpaccio and perfectly cooked calamari. Have eaten here at least 5x, and am always impressed with the quality of the food and the service.
CLOSED, but I posted a pic of a funny sign posted on their door.
I like Jimmy John's they make great sandwiches, and delivery time is awesome! But if your going to set the bar that high, you have to maintain it! The last two orders have both taken three times as long as normal, and my last sandwich was sloppy. This location needs a serious management review.
Ordered take out wings as the place was suggested by a friend.  The wings were disappointing.  They were soggy and the taste was very generic.  Nothing special at all.
It stinks like smoke in here.  This must be what places smelled like before you couldn't smoke in public, yuck.\n\nOther than that, this airport is easy to get around in.  If you can't manage in here then you shouldn't be traveling.
Went there for brunch. You are overlooking the poolside with a beach umbrella over your head . Waitresses in poolside attire elegantly serve you. How can you go wrong?\n\nMust get: Kobe Short Ribs and Eggs w/  Scrambled eggs, potato cakes, barnaise sauce $19
I like that this is away from the action a bit.  The pool is great, the monorail handy and the price is low.  The beds are comfy and by stays have always been good there.  It isn't flashy impressive when you say that's where you stay, but who cares, if you're just sleeping anyway?
Blacked out here during\nA friend's birthday meal, broke up\nWith boyfriend and puked.
Good inexpensive theater. Michael Pollack has made a name for himself throughout the Gilbert, Tempe area. The theater is great for families and shows movies that aren't out of style. I was pretty impressed.
best pork ribs ever
The Ribs were fat and chewy, not real good.  Staff was friendly and the place was like a ghost town.  No one was in the place......  Second time in a row thae food was sub par!
Great food and service however, it needs a major facelift.\nSeating is cramped and there's a collection of dust from the vents.\nIt looks like there's a web of sorts on the emergency sign but it's just dust. Nasty, needs a few hours of tlc.
The hostess was abrubt and rude when we asked for an outdoor table.  The food was only okay.  it pretends to be an upscale French restaurant.  Disappointment.
Great little neighborhood place with authentic Vietnamese food.  My co-workers and I frequent this place often because you get great fresh food at a good price.  We have always had a good experience at this great little place.
This place sucks. The wait after you order is ridiculous. The sandwich was ok. For some reason, when I was there, they ran out of bean sprouts and I saw the manager rush in 30 mins later with a small bag. Oh well, better luck somewhere else.
This place is GREAT! Got rid of some jewelry I never wear and they got me the beat price for it. Plus they had a variety of items for sale. The staff was friendly and you can tell that the manager, Johnny, definitely takes pride in his staff and store. Wonderful experience!
The food delivered from this restaurant was very close to in inedible. A complete waste of money. Never again!
I usually like this place but beware of shrimp tacos. They leave the tail on despite the fact that they fill the taco with goodies. The shrimp was cold and unappetizing as well.
I have many health issues in the past and with the help of Dr Ted I was able to start to bring my life to balance! He is very thorough in his analyses and gets to you better than you know yourself. He will give me great recommendations to target my problem areas and follow up with my health as my time allows it! :-)
Rocky C was very friendly and on time. He stayed Friday afternoon late to ensure the work was done. I would 100% use this company again and ask for him.
Amazing place to meet amazing people. The only place with true authentic German beer.
This bar smells like a smoky urinal cake, all the time.\n\nI only go in to buy six packs.  The bar staff seems nice enough.  It def seems like a frat crowd.\n\nThey get 2 stars only bc there is a skee ball machine.
Great ol' time atmosphere. Great mix of people. GREAT BEER!
I have a love hate relationship with this place!  We meet there every 2nd Saturday .. some weeks I have great service and they are sooo accomodating and friendly.. other weeks I feel like I'm imposing by giving them my business... Today's meeting was a love one....
the waiter was excellent... Tooooo bad I couldn't say the same about the food. Flavorless and dry.
Undoubtedly a great place for tourists or anyone wanting to move a lot of lead downrange; however, I went there for a concealed carry permit and it's not exactly their forte.  If you want to get training for your CCW I'd definitely opt for a business that is more focused on training rather than entertainment.
Although I have always enjoyed their dinner buffets, I have not tried their lunch service.  Even though they do not server crab during this service..it's OK...service is very prompt and friendly.\n\nBut really nothing special to mention.
Pretty tasty wings and good beer. They messed up our order and we were delayed a bit in getting it corrected but they made it right with some drinks. Very friendly folks. Calzones were tasty too.
Chris did a fantastic job on my yard work which involved tree trimming, shrub and weed removal.   They were able to come out to my house the very next day after making a call and were extremely courteous.  I would highly recommend this landscaping service with their meticulous work ethic and very friendly service.
So badass!!! This show is kinda short but only cuz I wanna keep seein' this dude do his thing. It's fake, it's real, a trick whatever!! Just scope it out and have a good time
Great service after several attempts to get my phone fixed at Itechs (do not go there !) this guy fixed my phone it's been working like a charm ever since ! Highly recommend !
So much potential..\n\nBartender was a sweetheart. That's about it. Low prices & location might keep this place afloat. \n\nVacuuming, mopping, & staff meetings during business hours are NEVER cool. Maybe I'm uptight?
It was our first time coming in and we though the food was alright. It was cold when it came out, but if it was warmer it would of been amazing. Also the service was horrible. But it may only be because it has recently opened.
The tartufo pizza and honey ricotta for dessert are heaven. I've been dreaming about them. I can't wait to come back.
Probably the worse subway I have eaten at. The bread on 3 sandwiches we ordered was stale and falling apart. Service was slow and the restroom was scary. I was very disappointed with this visit.  Subway is eaten often, not sure I'll ever come back to this one.
Came at about 9pm and I was the only person in the drive thru. That being said, our esteemed Del Taco employee somehow managed to mess up the order despite everything being correct on the receipt. How one does this I am entirely unsure.
I like this place. Fresh healthy finds. Friendly employees. Clean. Great eye candy customers. People take care of themselves who shop here.
Chicken was good, salad was tasty and the California roll and soup were not enjoyable.  This place wouldn't last in LA. Checked out the sushi in the case and went with a safe option.
Brunch food is cold, didn't get drinks refilled once. But the homemade tortillas are soooo good!!! As are the churros... Not having drink specials for brunch probably won't bei g me back to this place...
Had dinner here, it was ok, nothing special about it, but the food was not bad also. would i come back here? I probably will, if there was no other option. Their food is not really something i would crave, I definitely have been to much better ramen places, but if those are full, this place will do.
Pure decadence!  Delicious chocolate.  A cornucopia of selection.  From the healthiest antioxidant packed cocoa to the sweetest desserts, this place has it all.  Huge menu.
Love this store. Some of it is pretty pricey but, if you\n dig around you can find some cute deals. Definitely can't afford the kids stuff though. $60 per outfit geesch.
Atmosphere is cool but food wasn't very good. House margarita just ok.
I really expected the poutine but the fries wasn't that crunchy!
Very good sushi but very poor service. Was seated an it took 11 minutes for a server to ask for a drink order and the floor in our booth has remains from prior diners such a shrimp tails an used chop sticks.
We called to confirm price AND went online for estimates. The dispatcher told us it would be less than $15. We got to our destination the clock said 10.50 but they said they had to charge us an additional $12! He blamed it on a new dispatcher. Sorry that is not our problem. We will choose another company next time.
We were walking around looking for a lunch place and saw PBR Rock Bar and Grill had a nice patio, so we stopped in. \n\nThe dorito mac and cheese was interesting, but I would go elsewhere for food.  Service was okay and patio seating was nice on the beautiful day.
Great twist on burgers. Delicious milkshakes. Boring weak drinks. Still like it better than ocean grill.
Some of the best fried rice in the state. Seafood hotpot is amazing. Connoisseur cocktails you've never heard of...
I or someone I have been with has gotten food poisoning 3 times from this grocery/pizzeria.  That's 3 separate occasions, I have stopped going here at all!
Ditto to all of the other great reviews. Sever could not have been nicer
All I can say is \"Bad\"... Horrible Customer Service and they don't keep up w/ the produce... Come on 5 days past due and there is mold
The staff is very informative and helpful in advising for any type of event.  I went to buy truffle oil for homemade popcorn and they educated me on a variety of oils and seasonings.  I highly recommend that you check them out!
Bad customer  service....walked in and walked right out.  Their beer selection  is not very good.
This was a great place for all elegant candies and gelato! We bought the assorted caramels and regret not getting more. Highly recommend this place.
I had a girls weekend getaway and thought 3 dozen Oh Katie! Cookies would be enough for my friends and I. Boy was I wrong,  they were gone within the first couple of hours!! Thank you for your amazing cookies!
LOVE their tofu tacos!!! I order the sweet chili thai tofu tacos without cheese and they are the best vegan tacos I have ever had. Service is usually good, but I've also had a couple of bad experiences, otherwise I'd give it a 5.
This is my new favorite AYCE sushi restaurant in Vegas. I love the rolls they offer and everything always tastes fresh. The service is okay, could be better. Overall a great sushi place in Las Vegas.
Probably the only authentic New York pizzeria on the West Coast! So thin and crispy...just the way I like it. The white pizza is delicious! I had the white pizza. So garlicy delicious!
A Madison institution. Beer list? Beer List! Great food, and part of the Essen Haus empire when it comes to beer.
To make things simple the pizzas were under cooked, over priced,& over rated. On the 4 cheese pizza which i ordered the cheeses were not evenly distributed on the pizza, each slice had different cheese flavors and was lacking cheese in total. The crust was mushy & soft.
What they call a pan roast is like day old barf!! ABSOLUTELY AWFUL and SMELLY  NEVER AGAIN!  They need to go to The Nugget in Reno and learn how to make a real PAN ROAST!!! NEVER AGAIN!!!
I got an excellent deal for a bit short of 200 USD/night; abslutely worth every penny. The Hotel is located centrally and offers a great view over AZ, the room was in very good condition.
Food is delicious, good prices and nice people. Perfect combination...
chicken pho and veggie spring rolls? oh, yeah baby
Great pork belly tacos.Small plates nice to try many items.Has good energy buzzing.Definitley will be returning next time in Charlotte.
Very, very knowledgable, courteous and helpful counter person! I was very\nImpressed with the variety and prices! This is the kind of small business we need to support!
There aren't many places in South Phoenix for lunch, but this is one of them - if you even know about it. Located on a golf course next to the golf shop. Always pretty good service here and food is decent. The sandwiches look good but I have only ever had salads. \n\nMust try the course soon!
Admittedly, I rarely go for the All You Can Eat but I do often get the Noodle Soup with Chicken in Intense Flavor. I've strayed from my routine a few times and they never let me down. \n\nThe lunch menu is affordable as well.
Great sandwiches.  My kids love the pizza and soda fountain with the numerous options.
Wanted a restaurant within walking distance of our hotel so picked this one.  Was ok:  Nothing major to complain about, but also really nothing to rave about either.  There are better restaurants to choose from.
Not the best place, but decent. Kind of like a fly over state but as restaurant.
Everything seems to come from Costco in frozen aluminum trays; but it's not bad, considering.
Fantastic!! I really like the barbeque sauce - not too tangy with just the right amount of sweetness. The pulled pork is fantastic - and when I pulled myself away from it - the beef was equally good! The portions are generous and the people who run the truck are always pleasant and accommodating.
Would not recommend.  Food was good but I feel the refried beans were cooked from a pot of boiled beans that had burnt.  I like *ahumado* flavor but geez.  Bummer the tacos seemed good but i could not get over the flavor of the beans. Disappointed they would serve that
Something's clearly wrong with their AC system on the clothing side, which is pumping a horrid smell through half of the store. Items are on par with goodwills but I'd much rather go to goodwill
Great selection of flavors which they constantly switch up. They also have new shakes here called spinners in 3 flavors!
A new instant favorite! The Miyagi-san burger and pork belly buns were excellent first impressions..will hafta return to try the rest of the menu!
Our server was pathetic.. Pat, u really suck. He took the order but did not place for 15 mins because he was busy making a cocktail.. Food was okay. But service was pathetic..
Ended up being charged $36,000 for a $26,000 car. Found out not one penny of the $7,500 downpayment went towards the car. They are slimy with their dealings. They really dishonor the VW name. It's hard to believe VW would allow them to do these things.
Well.... I got to see the show for free, so I thought it was great! Otherwise.. it was just okay. I wouldn't pay the money to see it.
The deep fried crusted Ahi was very poor quality. It was very stringy and could not cut it with a knife. I would recommend that not ordering this.
Gross buffet. I give it two stars for the price and the service. The food was so disgusting. I was barely half a plate in and felt like I wanted to vomit. The only good thing was the icecream. But come on now really ? Ice cream ?!?
Good beer selection, food was just ok and wait staff was rather unfriendly. Probably won't be going back.
Went here a couple times and it was hit or miss. My dining experience was always nice, the food was awesome and the dining area was very classy and romantic. The club on the other hand was off the hoook one time and completely BS the other time :( Might eat here again but will def. not party here!
As always great service!  Thanks D'Lisa!
Been here a couple times in the last few months. Very clean place & do a great gel mani. Pedis can be found better elsewhere.
Food was good but the service was the worst ive ever had. To top it all off, my server charged my card a different amount than was on the receipt. $17 more to be exact! Will never go back.
Excellent SeaBass! Brent was such a great waiter, explained all the ingredients and was very attentive. I be back for sure!
BLAND food and poor service.  I've tried four different dishes, an been disappointed every time.  To make things worse, the service was insulting (and I believe our server was a manager)\nI wont be returning, but Im rooting from them; hopefully they can turn it around.
You get overly pricey New York prices and slow New York service.   Want affordable yummy food? Fageetaboutbit.
If you're originally from Vegas, you might like it but if you come from a city where a large Vietnamese resides. This pho isn't good. Too much sodium in the soup. Really nothing about this place besides it being open late.
LOVE the new location. It is always delicious, but the new building is much more spacious and can move a lot more customers. It still has the same vibe as the old place, just bigger!
The Birthday Cake Milkshake was good, the Burgers been ok but it wasn't special. The service was very nice!
Food was ok but the service was horrible everybody was rude for the price of the food I was expecting better definitely wont be going back there
Walked in and sat down the bar. It was dead as hell. Four bartenders working there and we were completely ignored for 10 minutes, not even a \"hello, or we'll be just a second.\"  Walked out without even ordering a beer. I will not be back or ever recommend this location to anybody.
The Guild has a very cool vibe.\nI started lunch with a big bowl of chips and an assortment of four different salsas. Awesome! My duck and snapper tacos were also delicious. You have got to try their Guacamole!
Delicious and beautiful!
I haven't been here since I was a kid, but would love to go back. maybe next time I date a girl with kids LOL.
Amazing facility, very clean.  Staff is amazingly helpful both in the retail store and on the range.  I've never had a problem getting a lane to shoot on, no matter what time of day I go.  I pass at least three or four other ranges on my way to American Shooters.
This place has good food and good prices.  Egg rolls could be better but not a deal breaker for me.  Lots of my coworkers also order from this place.
Today I had a friend suggest Mother's Wings & Thinks. The Staff was friendly. The food was great! I recommend the Mac & Cheese. Thank you for a great experience.
Over priced and small portions.  Bought a special roll and only got 4 pieces.  Ordered sashimi and pieces were small.  They use the bad tasting cheap type of ginger, and the taste of the rolls was nothing impressive.  I will not re-visit this place.
Great food...ok service, but the music was way too loud. We were yelling at the table just to try and talk. Make up your mind. Are you a dance club or a sushi bar?
Cut back on our grocery bill considerably.  Fry's was a lot more expensive.  I like that the aisles are big and roomy. Not as clean and neat as other Walmart's I've been in but it has what I need.The produce could be better. Other than that I'm a fan. =P
We loved staying at the Flamingo, except the fact that my brother woke up in a pool of mouse pellet. Damn the rooms are swank and the service exceptional. Rodents ruined it for us, but what can we expect, the building  is one of the first casino's built in Las Vegas.
I love humble pie so much. Sourdough crust. Local organic vegetables. Local organic vegetable pizza, get it.
Good food.  Relaxing environment, moderately priced.  Just doesn't rock my socks off but hey you'll be happy.
Breakfast for Lunch. Repeat after me. Breakfast. For. Lunch. And they're speedy about it too.
I had their steak burrito at the Chow Down Uptown event and it was just fine. Generous portions, decent quality, akin to a little less flavorful Chipotle or Salsarita's. I'd try them again, but for the price you could find better burritos at other places.
We just went there to have persian food. It took 2 hours for them to bring our food, we ordered koobideh and shish kabob. The food was so bad, specifically shish kabob that we could not eat it at all. I don't recommend this place to any one.
Just in case you don't live here and need some Wendy's...this one is permanently closed.
Oh me, oh my. What great food. The salads were a little lame, but my friend and I got the pizza that was supposed to have corn. We ended up nixing the corn and going with pepperoni. The goat cheese on it was fantastic. Great spot.
This place was ok.  Liked the green chilis that they roast for you, and the little snack bar looks good, haven't eaten there  yet.  Aisles are a little too narrow for me, and too many people....I prefer Frys.
Nice stop on the way back to California. They took good care of us, great hot stone with the pedicure.  I highly recommend this family on establishment.
Our waitress Cecilio was very cheerful and accommodating. We had our coffee right away. I liked that I could get egg whites, and\nsubstitute fruit for the potatoes. The meeting room was adjustable for our needs.
The food was wonderful. My friends and I ordered the tacos and lettuce wraps. I couldn't complain about the food at all.\n\nThe reason for the four stars is because the service was so slow. We had to wait about 20 minutes just to order our food after we were seated.
Smokers ruin the atmosphere. I wish XB would create a dedicated outdoor location for the smokers. There's no place outside for non smokers to sit. Worse, the smokers sit right at the front door. You can't even get inside without being covered in their stench.
This is a very popular spot. Beans and rice are excellent! The salsas are too sweet and not spicy enough. Service was friendly and quick.
I regret to say that our dinner experience was quite terrible here. Our food was bad- the spinach pie was off and the soup was rancid. \n\nThe service was slow. We were left at our table waiting for 30 minutes waiting for a check after we declined dessert. \n\nNot many vegetarian options.
Woo Hoo!  Little Caesars opens in Fountain Hills!  Yummy pizza.
I base my rating on the fact that it's impossible to get anyone on the phone or to return my phone calls. I sent a tour request online and heard nothing. Then, a couple days later I called twice and left a voicemail and nothing. So disappointing. They looked so promising.
Probably the most horrible hot dog and fries I have ever bought in my life. Gross
I was not pleased with this tiny pool cleaning company. I have since hired a better pool cleaning service that is very professional. It was a mistake giving these guys an opportunity.
I thought the food was great.  Until I got hellacious food poisoning. I spent the entire next day hurling my guts up from Las Vegas to the Grand Canyon.  Not fun.
Excellent tastes and wonderfully served in a tasting order. My dinner was built to deliver an experience of tastes and flavors that complimented each other perfectly and grew to an epic dessert. Each dish on it's own was simple and heavenly. Combined was a taste of paradise.
Wow!! An honest mechanic in Las Vegas!!!! Job done honest and timely!!! I have lived here for many years and I have been ripped off and lied to by so many greedy horrible mechanics, I was scared to go! I yelped mechanics and here we are!!! Happy customer :)))))
it's just fun hanging out at Starbucks with great coffee in hand.
Great customer service, beverage, and atmosphere! The music is background music so you can talk with company, the store layout is perfect, the place is very neat and clean too. It's in a perfect location too!
The food is mediocre, the crowd too old, it is expensive even in happy hr and the servers are rude. The new manager even worse. I recommend Kyoto Japanese Restaurant at Stetson Dr in Scottadale for the best teppan ($20), sushi and drinks
yes the parking and crowed is a little much but it's worth it. With me my wife and 4 kids spending $20 to $25 and filling up the fridge with fruits and vegetables it's worth it. Plus the employees are all nice and helpfull
It's IHOP. I'm still alive. \n\nFood is good. Large selection of food from breakfast (Crazy huge omelets!) to dinner. Sometimes hard to make a quick decision.
This flight was late, as seems to often be the case with Jet Blue. The TVs are nice, when they work.
I got sumo yesterday lunch that's chk n beef combination . Beef was well done, but now I know next time I order I can ask to make mid rare. \nIt was $10 little over place that I felt but I like the combination so I'll be back.
This is the place to go if you want fresh boba shakes!
4 stars for taste...1 star for service... service is severly slooooow. Be prepared to wait and wait and wait some more.
Brought my truck in for squeaking brakes. Tech Craig came an got me. Pads are still 95%. He said these will last long time.  No service needed.  Mary at the desk is super friendly.  Fast an honest service.  Just made a new customer. Thumbs up
This place had amazing food but the customer service is definitely lacking. If you go and the place is packed the line wait is about 20 minutes, crazy for a in and out trpe of place. I really wish they could get quicker service lines, accurate to go orders and I'd give them 5 stars but for now due to service.
The only place I will buy alcohol in Madison. The staff is super friendly and the atmosphere of the store is unbeatable. They are always running super good deals on booze which is good if your on a budget.
Man, I used to love this place because of Haru, the mad genius sushi chef extraordinaire from Spain.. But now it's just ok.  I give it 3.25 stars
Wow!! Found a new lunch place. I got the specialty salad with chicken and balsamic vinaigrette. The little tomatoes were just sweet enough and the balsamic vinaigrette was delicious.  A new favorite salad!!
This place should be at Paris Hotel and NOT at Caesars.  The macrons were to die for.  They serve crepes for breakfast and also have Orangina stocked up :)
A big selling point for this location is that it is in the Town and Country mall so you get to walk along on the cobblestone walkway everywhere. It is not a big bookstore but maybe that is what your looking for. They do sell nice gifts for that bookworm in your life (me!) and is overall an okay shopping experience.
The worst tasting filipino food ive ever tasted in my life. Food was cold and wasnt fresh. rice smelled funny. best to say filipino food is better cooked at home. The 2 reasons why it didnt get  1 star is 1. Its on the strip and 2. only pinoy spot.on the strip.
I love this place, especially October through April.  Wonderful, upscale, outdoor shopping center with excellent shops and restaurants.\n\nAlso love that you can now easily hop across the street to Scottsdale Quarter for even more of the same goodness.
Happy Hour has great prices.  Patio could be fun with a good crowd, however, we were the only patrons at the time.
The food was pretty good overall but if you are going there to have oysters don't do it. My wife and I had the oysters last Friday night, and we were sicker than a dog on Saturday and Sunday.
I think this place is fine. Why others give only 1-2 stars?
Was on a itison voucher and felt like I was treated as though I was on a voucher and not like a customer:\n\nSome what neglected...\nNot great value for money...\nGreat atmosphere though...
My friend and I ordered a pizza with veggies (our own topings not the veggie pizza on the menu) and it was delicious. Crust was nice and crispy around the edges but not over cooked. Sauce, cheese and toping combinations were in perfect balance! We will be going back for at least the pizza!
Upsells.  Only need to say no then they drop issue.  \nI like 10th wash free\nHad windshield replaced in past. Got month of unlimited basic washes
Amazing show. I have been to others before but this one is funny throughout and has a great story line. Make sure you don't blink because the stunts are amazing as well. It is great for the whole family to see and it is definitely a show that you will remember.
Have gone here several times for lunch. Gotten a few different bowls and wraps, all pretty good, but not incredible. The BBQ chicken wrap is my favorite of them.  The fresh juices are fantastic. If you want a healthier lunch, that's not greasy, I'd recommend this place.
\u00dcberraschend gut! Das ist kein normaler Chinese. da schmecken die Sushi richtig gut und die Saucen sind ein Gedicht.\nSehr netter Service!
The infusion burger is all you need to know. The signature dish! Great staff, they really pay attention to your dining experience. Awesome happy hour, Sunday football is perfect. Sound for the game you're watching if you need it.
The food is very inconsistent when it comes to quality. The  orange chicken, fried rice, and cheesecake was pretty good. The lemonade is super sugary, overall, everything ive eaten has resulted in a stomachache.  The service was great, very friendly,  but untill the quality is better I will not be coming back.
Too sweet for my taste. Christopher concurs. Too pricey for my taste. Christopher concurs. Cute shop, nice owners, but not a place we'd return to any time soon.
Had a pretty good breakfast here the other day, egg white omelet with spinach, tomato, onion and swiss. Came with super buttery toast and some crispy hash browns. Did the job for sure. Service was great and it couldn't be more convenient if you're staying at The Hotel.
In the area and in need of a calendar, we figured we check this place out. Not everything is a dollar, but the prices seemed pretty reasonable. They aren't as well stocked as some discounts shops, but they have a nice selection of items and I found a calendar for my desk with no problem.
Service was very good. Food was expensive for what it was. Not a great value in my opinion.
Extremely disappointed in this place. margaritas tasted like mix and no booze, beef nachos were just gross. Desperate attempt to make food. Treasure Island spent some money adding this place, to bad the food doesn't reflect that!
We were looking for masks for a mascarade party and the girl at the front desk went out of her way to pull old ones from the back. Excellent customer service!
Every single bartender is a rookie. Not one of them knows the basic ingredients in any common drink! They didn't hire these chicks for their brains or abilities!
Still one of my favorites.  Don't waste your time at any other spa on the strip.  I have yet to find one that surpasses this, and I've tried most.\n\nMake sure you save time to enjoy the variety of baths.  I could fall asleep in that room on the chairs for hours.
This place is great! Always friendly service and they have good facebook deals too!
Beautiful space, awesome staff. I come here for the Duck Quesadilla, Beer Cheese, and of course, Stefan's phenomenal cocktails.
Food was solid and ambiance was nice. We sat \"outside\" for lunch and my mom ordered from the brunch menu, while I ordered the lobster club and a glass of champagne. It's a fun place to eat while you're shopping in the Venetian; service was good too.
I think we should all have a friends night out at this restaurant. Share the food (macaroni shells!), share the drinks (sangria!), enjoy the menu. Big parties are better. Firefly does not take reservations so expect a wait, especially on weekends!
My family and I were in the mood for some Vietnamese food and this place was near by. We each order Pho soup and the meat looked questionable. I didn't eat my meat but my brother did and he was sick a few hours later. I wouldn't eat here again but I will say the summer rolls were tasty.
Spa is old and run down, but still as expensive as the nicer ones. Front desk is not helpful. Amenities are old and look like an old gym locker room. \nDo not waste your time!
This place is good. Some of the food is set up in really cute pots and baskets and they have a lot little desserts. Everything reminded me of a tea party. The downside of this place is the time they are open.
The food is all homemade and very affordable. Better hurry up and eat  here before he realizes how good the food is and raises his prices!
Ok Italian food in the middle of Old Montreal.  Service was spotty but ok overall. Good place for kids. Bring your own bottle of wine.  Dinner was fine for a touristy place but  that price was not outrageous like the other restaurants nearby . . . just saying
I tried to setup a 15 person dinner after dining at CPH several times. The customer service for group reservations is AWFUL. They could care about accomodating and do not get back to you right away. Decided to take my business elsewhere and wont be back soon.
An alright icecream shop. Staff was pretty friendly, service was average speed, and prices were also average. I got a smoothie and it was decent-- not the best I've ever had. I'd say it's pretty mediocre.
Store is convenient, However I wasn't provided with any options for shipping a package. And was just told the price of what I needed to pay. If I wanted bad customer service I would've gone to the post office. Probably would've been cheaper, too.
My son has been going there with his friends and though its different times of the day, he has been finding hair in his food. That's fucking disgusting. I hope this place goes out of business.\n\nMy family will never eat there again.
First visit to Burger 21. Ordered the Burger 101 and onion strings to go. The onion strings were so heavily coated with salt I could not even eat them. The burger was very salty as well and did not finish it. Very disappointed and will not return.
Came here to watch a football game. Born and raised 22 years in Charlotte. Karen the manager turned down my ID because of a little wear and tear. It doesn't expire until 2017!!
Excellent service. Very professional and reasonable prices. They were $600 cheaper than the next lowest bid and even did extra work on top of that for free.
Before getting lasered I was really nervous about the whole process, but Deidra was really sweet and helped calm my nerves, there was a mild discomfort, but not as bad as I feared, and she allowed me to take breaks when I needed them. She did a great job and I'll totally be finishing my treatments with her.
I'm not a big fan of bbq, so this isn't my place. However, all the GUYS I know LOVE this place. Everyone always says both the pork and beef ribs are awesome. I do love the biscuits and apple butter!
So I came back, this time we sat inside. The pizza was as expected (its napoli style)  Not the best Napoli style I've ever had but by far not the worst.
Have seen this Farmers Market grow over the years and it is better than ever. A great addition to our community. Have purchased some great flowers, plants for the yard and the family loves the tamale vendor. We make it a regular stop on Sundays.
I bought a new vehicle and had a few issues that was corrected when brought to managers attention. Terrific sales staff (Charlie and Anthony). I received an excellent price and again, had my issue corrected.  As I waited for modifications to my vehicle, I saw other customers including young customers being treated kindly and fairly.
I hate this place. I hate it because I could be checking out a different restaurant but there I am, always coming back for those freaking nachos! Ok, next time i will try and skip Margaritaville but I won't make any promises!
This is the most wonderful place, great ambience, even better food and it oozes style. Try the sliders and a well crafted cocktail with all organic ingredients. I can't wait to go back.
Not very good I've eaten at many sushi spots at various places throughout phoenix and this was one of the worst it's not that it's terrible tasting or that the service was bad it's just the food was not very good
I came here with a Groupon deal. The food was great--especially the fish and chips. Prices are average. The service was as good as it gets (Tori was our server). I'll definitely come again.
Great food. Loved the Fajitas, shrimp burrito and the tacos. Good service, guacamole was very good too. Highly recommended.
This is not one of my favorite airports. It is usually crowded, maybe to the point of over crowded and needing expansion. Baggage pickup is somewhat difficult. And the worst, everyone exits at the same place and has wait in the same crazy cab line. Lots of things here seem like poor planning to me.
Honeycomb is awesome! Love the natural products and the great service! Especially love my stylist Lindsay!! She did amazing work on my hair and used the best approach to dying through store brand colors that I had ruined my hair with! I left with the exact style and color I wanted!. I will def be going back and requesting Lindsay again!
I don't know what everyone's issue is. Don't be a mouth-breather, have your package properly addressed with appropriate forms filled out and mail it. If you can't handle that you should stay inside.
Coffee roasted on site - Sunday afternoons. Good coffee, usually quiet atmosphere. very nice staff. sanwiches are a bit over priced, but taste good. Focus on the coffee and you will do well. Have gotten alot of work done here and have held many meetings outside.
Eric, owner of Tuning Gruppe is a VW/Audi enthusiast and truly cares about his customers and making sure they are happy.  Eric flashed my car with the GIAC DSG flash and the car has been running great!
Get the Butterfish!
Tried the place for lunch. Not memorable. We are both fans of Indonesian food and this tasted nothing like what we have had before. The specialty chicken was fatty and greasy, kfc is better. Three much better options in the same strip mall.
This was my first time staying at this Hotel and it was simply amazing, loved the room and the stores and restaurants and the place itself overall was amazing. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great spot, looking forward to visiting it again.
Excellent rates, excellent room, had the villa suite just for $1100 for 3 nights 4 days pictures speak for themselves, will always come back to Vegas to stay here love the buffet as well best in Vegas
Great show. If you have seen you tube videos...you've seen the show.
Really cool place.  Good food and fun shops.  I would reccommen visiting this place if you have not done so!
Love this place. Went here with my boyfriend for dinner one night and it is all around fantastic. The setting is cute and eclectic and extremely romantic. The foo d is very flavorful and the whole experience generally was top notch. Will definitely go again!
You have got to be kidding me I ask you smoke your wings?  They told me yes so I ask what type of wood do you used?After asking a few people took a wild guess and said Hickory.
Great place for breakfast. I had a excellent omelette with mushroom, onion, swiss and hot sausage. Toast and a heaping portion of home fries on the side kept me full most of the day. The service was good, I highly recommend Eggs-R-Us.
Been going here since 2000 and it was the very first Pho place I went to I never had an issue the Pho is great and there are always ppl but I nvr had and issue with seating. When ever friends or family visit I take them here. Highly recommend to anyone.
Huge portions. Country fried steak and eggs was good nice gravy and crispy fried steak. Service was slow.
Very disappointed in Aria.\n\n- $28 for any non-refundable charge\n- Overly engineered room. There are about 30 buttons to control the room. But, I cannot find the only one that matters : the lamp\n- The bed is too soft.
Best view of the strip!!! Beautiful panoramic view! Bartenders are very friendly and fun! :)
I love this place. Not only is it urban cute with a rocking rooftop patio, but the food is wonderful and reasonably priced. I recently asked about the salmon, since I only eat wild caught and the chef actually came out and talked to us. I thought that was really great. Good food, good service!
I have had a difficult time finding a decent Brazilian waxer in Charlotte. I have had some very unpleasant experiences so\nI decided to try sugaring. Debbie is amazing. She is quick, painless & very personable.\nHer studio is clean & great availability. I highly recommend her!
Pizza is 3 stars.  Price is 5 stars as they have a pick-up special that runs indefinitely.  Service is 5 stars.  The girls up front are always friendly and the pizza is always ready at the time quoted.  \n\nI go here because of the service, convenience and price.
Went in to see a friend to stand up comedy.\n\nBartender was friendly but they lacked certain spirits like Jack Daniels honey or Wild Turkey honey and the bartender only knew how to make drinks only containing two ingredients.  Not as \"up to date\" as I would have liked to see.
total dive bar.... paper plates, over-cooked food, yucky.....
They continue to have poor to mediocre food. I've never had a memorable meal here. Nice view of fountains fr patio. That's about it.
Not a great dining experience. Adequate service, but food is just ok. Definitely didn't love it.
Pizza was delivered in a timely fashion but it was burned and almost inedible. The cheese bread was even just average. I will not be ordering here again.
Edinburgh: The Cambridge. I went for the classic cheese burger and I found such a beautiful juicy meat, but a bread that could be improved easily. I will rate it 8.5/10 cause the bread. I will suggest to book before. \u00a37.5
Yay!  Thai food close to home!  Today was the first day open and the food is delicious.  The staff  is wonderful and it was delightful watching everyone working to get our order just right.  The red and panang curries were delicious .  The portions ample.  We will be back!
First time stopping in and was greatly pleased by the sandwich choices as well as the prices. I had the North Shore sandwich and really enjoyed the combination of flavors and left satisfied with my choice.
What a great place to just hang out and chill. Thoughtfully made cocktails and craft beers.\nGreat music, cool events wonderful bartenders!\n\n\nWhat more could you want?\n  \n\nThe next time you are downtown you have got to stop in.
I've been going here since September of last year and I still love it. I have an awesome trainer who helps and educates his class. It may be a bit pricey but to me it's worth it.
Went on a Wednesday night, not very busy. Ordered medium traditional wings. Tasted good, just average though. Service was good but slow. Brought me extra ranch for free, alot of places charge extra so that was cool. Place has like hundred tv's, would be great to watch games.
I've been to Toroli twice and each time they've impressed!!!  One of the best restaurants that I've ever been to, let alone in Montreal!
Portions are huge! Food -spot on! We ordered the ribs with fried polenta, truffle fries with wontons tacos as appetizer. We were not disappointed.
Intriguing restaurant unfortunately the ma\u00eetre d is a pompous ass. Choose to take my appetite and business to any of the other outstanding restaurants in old town Scottsdale. Too many other outstanding choices in the area to treated so considerately.
Yummy! We had great service and great food. The deserts were amazing. I was happy with our whole experience. I recommend this restaurant.
I go here to get my dog food and dog utilities. Staff is nice, if you run into them they will help. The store is always clean!
Good service.  Food is fresh!
Good wine and the food was great.  Cool atmosphere and close to all the Southside action.  I'm not a big tapas type but this spot is a go to and a lot of fun.
Lobster Roll was great. Try their French Onion Soup. I need to go back and experience more of the food. The seating was pretty good. Service was great.
Went to a silent disco here and had so much fun! I love how big the space is.  Def going back.
Not the Best Happy Hour roll prices as the other sushi places in the west valley. Happy Hour rolls and portions are much better at tomo (down the street) and ah hai (on cotton lane). So if you are just looking for some cheap rolls and apps, I don't suggest this place.
Frozen hot chocolate! Amazing. \n\nService? Sucked.
Amazing facial by Christina!! Def 5 star service. Can't wait to return!! Thank you Ritual Spa :)
Several friends recommended this place. \nI'm not sure how i'm going to get back at them, but I have a few ideas.
Not even a hint of the great restaurant Kai two stories above. Overpriced and undergood. $32 salmon was dry as a bone. $38 pork chop came on a giant pile of \"60 day cornbread\" that was certainly dry enough to have been made that long ago.
See my check in, service is terrible, they don't care once you've leased or purchased. Joshua Cleveland, service rep, at least listened, salesman Sherman Reif obviously couldn't care less.
Still better food than the Dane, except that the Dane has plantains. Not great service in recent times and I'm not digging the food like I was. Still have some pretty decent items like the cuban and the meatloaf.
YES! This place is fantastic! Really good food, probably my favorite mexican in the city. The guacamole is righteous! I would recommend that and also the Carne Asada burrito. Cowabunga!
Been here twice.  You will always find seating and shade here.  They played some good house music.  Wasn't as packed on Monday, but it was better than Relax.  Had fun playing ball in the pool.  Lots of women in pasties... which are $10 (I had to ask).
This place is the best. It's a $20 cab ride from the strip, but man, Sam's Town is so down to earth. My buddy and I shot craps here for four hours that seemed like minutes. Plus there's a 56 lane bowling alley beneath it. Well worth the ride out!!
Sonia and a trainee seemed so clueless when I asked questions about the menu. Sonia also gave attitude while I was ordering. Service is lacking.. As for the food, it was the best I've had and I do visit often. Probably gonna skip this location next time
Went last night and sat in the bar area.  We had Ally as our server and she recommended a great bottle of wine since their Malbec is no longer available.  She was great and she has served us before and always does great.  Great food and great atmosphere.
The best pho in Vegas! Worth the money and the broth is absolutely amazing! So much meat in it too and customer service is awesome! We just found our new pho place!
I took my daughter here for some braids done by Mary and  they didn't even last two weeks, never again!....
Pretty good for a cheap Vegas buffet. Cleaned good size shrimp, ok prime rib and all u can drink beer and wine included!
New York steak and lamb chops were on point. Done exactly to the degree you ordered it to be cooked with very good quality of meat. Prices are about what I expected for a pretty nice looking place in Vegas.
average at best.  the place smells musty/like cooked food. Needs to be aired out and carpets replaced. Service was OK. I dont mind spending the $ on a good steakhouse, this place would be fine for most punters, but if you have ever eaten at a great steakhouse, then this will disappoint.
the service was horrible and the sides tasted like they were store bought. Deltas is supposed to be upscale soul food instead it was just intolerable. I will not be wasting any money in this establishment again. If you want real soul food you better of at Merts or McBonnies
I get a food poisoning in this restaurant looks like clean nice but the food make you sick it's horrible feeling
Very nice...i thought treasure island was a very nice and kept up hotel. room was nice and big, bathroom was spacious. the buffet there was very good. will definalty plan on staying there again.
Bad service, mediocre food, outrageous price.  If you have to ask the manager to speak to the manager, he's not doing his job right.  $1.50 Togo order charge = canceling my $6 tip.
Worst Chinese food I've ever eaten.  Couldn't even finish half of it.
Added bonus: Get the scones early (before 7am) and they are still warm. Yummm.
Rob is very accommodating, thorough, and kept me updated on his arrival time. Reasonably priced service. My carpet is better today than when we moved in. Thanks Rob!
Good food but a little pricey for what you get.
99 cents breakfast & 50 cents hot dogs. Make sure you check out the sale section. Be careful what you buy without knowing how you going to transported home. Love IKEA!
Ate a $19 flatbread pizza and was starving after I ate it all. Nice ambiance, bit I was hungry. My suggestion is to take a pass on this restaurant.
At this place you always have to ask for extra stuff cause they are so cheap!
Stopped by brews brothers.   The beer selection is great!   On the negative side,  the place is very loud!  Deafeningly loud.  They need to do something to deaden the sound.   Also bright as day at 8 pm. Way too bright.   Good for beer,  not good for atmosphere.
This place is nothing fancy but it's a great Vietnamese lunch spot with good spring rolls.  The lemon grass chicken, chicken curry and vegetable curry are all excellent.  Very affordable.
Wow, went to Romanelli's today for the first time, this place not only smells fantastic, the food is awesome!  Do not wait, go there....now!  I had the Italian sub, it was wonderful and only $4.95 for a half, which is plenty for one person.
I visited this place for photo facial because I bought a Groupon. It's very hard to get in, you need to book at least 90 days ahead of time.
The worst place ever who wants a roach in your egg roll. Dats right guys I personally terrified for life..\n\nBe carefull!!!
Everything was ok but not great.  The Tom Kha soup was awful (some kind of oil floating on the surface? Really?) and the curry was just ok. They use mid to low level quality ingredients (chicken, etc) and it shows. Still looking for a good place here in charlotte...
Amazing. Great ambiance, fabulous food, and their drinks are to die for. Don't forget the stuffed dates. You won't be disappointed. Can't forget how affordable this place is. What are you waiting for?
All you can drink wine and accordian, so good your wife will kiss your friends husband!\n\nSeriously, the food is your average Italian fare and the atmosphere isn't really classy. But this place is fun!
Levi was very efficient and fair in his pricing. Was also sweet\nLetting my  4 yr old son \"help\" him do the job !\nWill use again & recommend to friends
Very nice little spot. Friendly people in there every time I have walked in. I have only gotten the gyro. Its ok. But for 3 bucks you cant beat it.
I like this place.  It is in the top 5 places to get a great burger in Charlotte.  They have lots of cool signature choices, and of course you can create one any way you like.  They have great fries, both reguar potato and sweet potato.
Food is descent. Surprised by the salad options for a dog and sandwich establishment. The ordering process is a disaster. 5 points of sale with enough room for 3. This start your experience out very poorly and with mediocre food, the place is  worth the trouble.
I hate those little bits of candy bars that sink to the bottom of the cup! I have to throw half the cup away because the texture of the crumbs mixed with my latte makes me want to gag. I've attepted to order it without candy on top, but they put them on anyway.
Cool place, giant patio, cheap drinks.  Super artsy crowd and gets packed after 11. Great place to people watch but you have to get there early for a seat.
Food was good, but not great.  Service was fantastic, but atmosphere was only so-so.  Get the Mac and cheese
Large size mango and passion fruit boba rocked my world. Warm chewy pearls, very sweet and authentic flavor, pretty decent price... I just wish it wasn't so far!
We take our dog Dakota there every weekend and sometimes during the week. The best time to go is early morning when other dogs are there to play! You will see the same people and dogs routinely which is also a plus. Very clean too! Highly recommend for those who live close by!
This place was highly recommended by various websites, so I gave it a shot when I was in Scottsdale. The service was great and the food was good. \n\nWe sat in the bar area which was lively. It feels like a neighborhood hangout, so everyone looked like they were friends and having a good time.
The food is good but I'm disappointed at the stinginess .. They give plastic ware but I ask for 4 paper plates and was told I have to pay a dollar a piece? Really? Horrible business practice over something like plates!
Radicchio on the fly! Had just what I needed and always very friendly and helpful.
Don't waste your time. If you're going to spend, spend your money on something worth eating!!!
Pretty convenient for being in downtown AZ. Good prices for groceries and has most of everything I need. Also easy to access on a bike and provides parking for shoppers.
Dr. Frank Castano is awesome. He walks you through all your treatment options and helps with pros and cons.  Makes sure you understand all of your treatment plan. He was also great with working with my adult down syndrome son.
Awesome food!  The one on Fountain Hills Blvd is even better than the one on Shea.  I LOVE the fish tacos and the burritos.
Service is lacking and food is mediocre. When I crave Italian this is not the first place I think of.
Ollie cakes and urban cookies is the same thing. He had to put the word \"cakes\" in to be on the show. Interesting :))\n\nEverything here is so goood and so bad for you.  Lolz
CAUTION: When booking your room don't give them your \"official\" email address.  Give them your junk mail email address.  Since my stay I've been getting Hyatt spam like crazy.  My review is still 4 stars for a very nice stay.
I love this place! The Fried Chicken thursdays are not to be missed.  They have  a great lunch buffet during the weekend and I can't say enough about the Mac and Cheese!
Typical airport with slot machines. At first I thought it would be a fun way to pass time, so I played for a little bit. When I finally ended my game and went off to read, I realized that the machine's volume needed to be turned way down. Outside of the volume issue it was a typical airport.
Thrilled with our lucky last minute pedicures but we were done in 12 minutes flat since checking in. Since i didnt want color i expected a longer foot massage.
tempe landmark, this is the hot spot, right off Dorsey its a 180 from the mill ave scene.  amazing beer and a menu inspired around it. huge portions make it a for sure place to hang with friends, great patio, lots of flat screens, check it out
This place was not good at all. The food was cold and stale. The fried rice was burnt, not sure how that is possible, but it was. The crab puffs and soup was actually very good. I was very disappointed and had to ask for money back.
They wanted to charge us 15% ratuity for a party of four people or less which is absolutely ridiculous. The food did look good, though. \n\nDefinitely a spot for tourists with money to burn...literally.
Loved it! So happy to have it in the area...menu looks odd but haven't had a bad item, they know what they're doing. Mahi tacos are the best I've had in Phoenix area. Huge selection of meat (including frog legs) you can pick up for purchase also.
I called this place as a first time customer and I had a few questions!!Omg the lady was so rude!!I could not believe it!!!I will never call this place again!!!Always be nice!!Pizza hut just got my $40!!!Rude BITCH!!
Thought we would try this out one afternoon. I got the chicken fried steak and eggs and my fianc\u00e9 got a blt. We both loved the food!! Prices were decent! I am a budget shopper. And our waitress was amazing!! We will definitely be visiting this place again!
Regular visitors for years. Food only for us...no machines.  Like the room and the food. Must be good value as it always filled with seniors.
The food was great. The staff was so friendly they made u feel like home. Nice place for a whole in the wall kind of spot. All u can eat and all u can drink plus late night hours all the time.
The rooms and amenities are top notch. The service and the employees are disrespectful and far from accommodating.  If you book a room just try to avoid all staff and you'll have a great time!
Sure enough Just like the other reviewers said, they will try to over charge for everything and upgrade you the insurance without your approval. Read your contract before you agree to it. Thieves!
My girlfriend and I love this place. The sushi is good, the chefs are funny.
I go to plenty of Jiffy lubes in the valley being I own a couple cars. I chose not to go to this location being they are not very freindly AT ALL, when I visited this location for the first time it immediately became my last.
While a little difficult to find and park, this place is great.  I love the atmosphere and the pizza is good and has unique topping combinations.  The deep-fried cheese balls are a great appetizer as well.
Ordered a bright, feminine bouquet with roses, Peruvian lilies, and daisies.  Received a sloppy, lopsided bouquet with no roses and no Peruvian lilies.  It looks like they took a mish-mash of leftover flowers, put it together and delivered it.  It was awful.
We popped in for lunch and it was our first time. We had their \"house\" Boudreaux and it was excellent, we split a duck-goat cheese- wild mushroom pizza and it was wonderful, for our entree we had the tuna melt and pommes frites!
The best anything got here for me was vaguely acceptable, at a normal Chinese buffet I don't expect much but this place was still a disappointment, I couldn't even finish one plate of food, do yourself a favor and eat at one of the many other Chinese restaurants instead.
Spoke with Jeff a few hours ago and now I have 4 new locks.  Not only did I get excellent locksmithing (if that's a thing) he also fixed my door that's been misaligned for the past few years!  Would highly recommend.
The bar must really be struggling and the \"owner\" must be so desperate that he thinks it's a good idea to start fights with customers. Maybe if someone gets irritated enough, a fight will actually break out and he could collect an insurance check to save his ass.
One of the dumpier Fry's stores in town. Goes a little further down hill as time gies by.
Fun place, ok Sushi
Such a unique, quaint place to eat with authentic Equadorian Food. The service is slow but only because the owner prepares each gourmet meal by herself while her son waits tables. Very good service, delicious food, and all in all a wonderful experience! Would recommend Mi Comida to anyone!
This place has one of the best tasting burgers I have ever eatin. Bottom bun is a little soggy but the fact that they know how to cook the meat a true medium rare makes up for it. Mushroom Swiss or the Zydeco burger are what I recommend.
First time trying Chinese food in champaign and was satisfied !!! Great orange chicken. Generous amount of food for a good price, definitely will be back.
This service is really poor. Had items stolen out of my car. Reported and nothing. Also very slow on car return. Poorly organized. Only use them if you're going to miss your plane and are willing to take the risks and plan to camp out while you wait for your car.
It's that it was terrible it's that it's sooooo incredibly generic and it was one of the loudest restaurants I've ever been to. Too generic for me to go back. Also waaaay to overpriced for the quality. Olive Garden is better and cheaper.
The site to Store service here is horrific. I've done this about 3 times, and every time I come here to pick up my package, it takes at least 20 minutes before a rep will come out and assist me. This station is never staffed.
Excellent food, excellent service.  Pricey, but definitely worth it.  The ambiance is cozy and classy as you sit in a room with just a few other tables.  The Pot de Creme is amazing.
Its a Taiwanese noodle shop.  Pretty decent dumplings and pretty good wonton noodle soup.\n\nIts similar to A&J's in Irvine.  \n\nNot much to say.  The food was ok.  Service was alright.  Its about 10 bucks a person including tip.
These guys know how to make a great pizza. I've only tried the slices and garlic knots because I can't bring myself to order anything else. The owners and employees are great. I only wish they were farther east so I could go more often...
I loved Mike and Tony's ... But since they got taken over under new management a few years back I can taste the  difference and I don't like it at all...
Good quality, very reasonable food. Very much worth a visit. We summed it up: \"At a bargain price of \u00a38.30 per head (plus \u00a31.50 extra for Vietnamese coffee) the Pho Vietnam House is a great addition to our luncheon repertoire.\"
Best buffet I've had. Came here for breakfast on a Saturday.  Bottomless mimosas, champagne or Bloody Mary's (and you can mix them up) for $9 extra was completely worth it, and the waitress brought us two rounds at a time, plus gave us to-go cups. Food was amazing as well.
I had 2 massages here with Alba and they were fabulous. I have severe sciatica and she relieved my pain more than I could ever hope. I highly recommend getting a massage here. They listen to what your problems are.
One of the best pizza on in Montreal. \nVery fresh and tasty ingredients.\nDecor is interesting and staff is attentive.\nVery nice experience overall.\n\nTips: Ask the staff which wine to get. It worked very well for us.
Love this place! Great drinks, great food, great atmosphere for both family and date night. One of my favorites in LV!
Meat Coma... Amazing meat comas... Beef ribs are expensive but a must-have at least once, fatty brisket is jaw dropping and sausage is moist and full of flavor. Stop reading and go (arrive before 11-noon!)
Awesome place to hangout! Breakfast yummy in my tummy sandwich is my favorite.  Servers are the right mix of friendly & efficient. Cool to offer coffee in morning and then alcohol in evening. Wish I lived within walking distance to make it my local place.  Drive-thru too!
Service was excellent. Food is disgusting
The natural deodorant cream really works, people! No more creepy chemicals on my tender armpit skin. And the soaps, the SOAPS! They are gorgeous and smell divine. I'm a member of the Soap Club and each month receive 3 glorious soaps, some exclusive to 'Soapers' :)
one of the better 3 brasseurs i find. service was unexpectedly fast for the servers being crushed. and the food was fine nothing special but not terrible either.
This is one of those hole in the wall places you could quickly become addicted to going to. We had their Tijuana Torpedo hamburger special and their yummy Strawberry Shortcake. We will definitely be back.
Bums will aproach you in the parking lot but inside it's decent. The workers are nice & friendly & they tried to help us fix the walmart by Nellis AFBs mistake, to no aveil, but at least they tried.
Love this place, its HUGE.  I enjoy just browsing. It's nice a cool during the day too. \nIts ALWAYS busy, I'm glad the security guards do their jobs here :)
Awesome meal. Started off with the fried pickles and chips and dip. Moved on to the gyros platter. Even better. Accented by a Coco Locos from Noda. Great service and food. Always coming back
Avoid! Avoid! Avoid! Unless you like overpriced bland breakfast for $18 stay away and go somewhere nice! Check yelp before eating anywhere in Nevada! Coffee is shit and the rancheros is fucking slop! AVOID!
Really nice people! Good food and killer bikes.
Call in for an oil change and the dude tells me the next opening is on Dec 10th, today is nov 21st???  that is 3 weeks away??? off to someone else I guess.
All of the tuxes for my wedding, including mine, were wrong and needed major adjustments. The staff doesn't care and leaves you standing around waiting for help. I would not recommend them for a tux rental.
The dude making my sushi had a dirty band-aide dangling from his finger.  We told the manager, who talked to the guy.  Our sushi was remade with the dirty band-aide still on his finger but not dangling.  Disgusting.
this place is great  some great old games and some a bit more modern lots to keep you busy  beer prices were great for scottsdale cool place to hang out with freinds music selection a bit  dull cool bar cave vibe other than that great place
Waited 20 min before the girl told Us its a 30 min wait..... Didn't know that it take 30 min to make one smoothie.... Would not recommend any one to go before she didn't even seem like she wanted to take our order
I took my quite persnickety almost 4 year old for his first real haircut (not by mommy) and he did so well thanks to Lori putting him at ease. She definitely gained a loyal customer!
Angie is very professional and does amazing work.  You won't regret working with her!
The cesar salad is very very addictive.  The food is pricey, but a nice evening under the stars and the patio will make you forget any care you have in the world. I like this place for dinner more than lunch.  It's worth going to for special occasions.
I had extremely high expectations for this place due to the amazing pasta sauce with the same name.  Its ok, decent ingredients but lacking significant flavor.  Pricing is ok for Vegas.  The music selection doesn't match the resturant
Better than ever... food hasn't got a chance of tasting anything but fabulous when it's made with the love and heart that MS & S put into all their dishes...\n\nGreat women.  Great restaurant.   Great friends.
I really should not be eating any sushi in Arizona.  I blame myself for thinking that is was possible to get good sushi in Arizona.  Staff was fine.  It just did nothing special.
This place smells like dirty feet.  The people hanging out in here look like they have dirty feet.  Ghetto as fuck!!!!  Avoid like the plague.
I love the margaritas here.  I also like the chips and dip.  This place is best utilized at happy hour, for that reason.
Food tastes good but the customer service is pathetic. Management should hire more staff. The place is not at all hygienic, the glasses weren't washed cleanly and were smelling. I wasn't impressed with the overall service.
It was meh, ok. Not great, not bad. Nothing special. Lots of Tvs to watch sport though.
Overrated. Go ahead and try the frozen hot chocolate, just to say you've tried it. Other than that...no big woop.
Meh... Chimichanga seemed like it was a pre-made, kinda boring. I had something a bit more authentic.. Decent, bit nothing special. The chips are just like Mission out of a bag from Costco..  Like another reviewer mentioned. There are way too many other places in Cave Creek to try.
I enjoyed playing there. Staff was friendly. We played the first tee time out so we where able to play fast but when we where finished the course was packed. I will go back because its economical to play.
Employees are always polite and relatively quick but every single time I order my vanilla chai ($2.48 for a medium) it comes BARELY half way full. Doesn't matter which employee it is, it's always the same. Extremely frustrating.
Well rude staff. Kitchen was dirty.  Waitress forgot my drink...twice and  the bun looked wrinkles and smashed, won't be back for sure.
It's not Red Lobster , and that's why I go there. Clean bathrooms , friendly waitresses , (freakin' hot guy waiters  ;)   , tasty BBQ , happy hour is amazing there. Not too keen on the live bands , but i still love it.
Service as advertised.  Rich and AccuPro are why Yelp works. Every review for AccuPro is spot on and I could not be more satisfied.  A bonus is that after the inspection there is a follow up if you would like to make sure that your contractor made the proper corrections
This hidden gem is just delicious!  We stopped in for a quick lunch yesterday and both enjoyed the teriyaki bowl with a pasta salad side.  The portion was large, the food was extremely fresh and very flavorful.  The wraps and salads looked just as tasty...next time!
best hidden gem in chinatown.
great service and great quality food.  \n\nthe continental breakfast was delicious and plentiful
Great course.  Well maintained.  The staff is great from the moment you drive up. When in Las Vegas a must play for the price.
Last time I had Greek food that tasted this good I was at Taverna Katina in  Oia Santorini!\n\nHowever, this place is VERY expensive.
Great happy hour.  The bar is comfortable and serves big portions at a good price during its happy hour.  I haven't had a full dinner here.  Super heavy/rich food. Meat intensive. If you are searching for a meal that involves the adjectives \"light\" or \"healthy\" this is not the place for you.
Too greasy. Ordered a thin crust pepperoni... Had to soak up the grease. Ordered delivery yet had us walk outside to his car to get it. 4 girls not one fan! Will not be ordering again!
Horrible food place was dirty and we found something in our vegetable low Keon that was neither vegetable or noodle. Looked like an insect and had a hard crispy outer shell. Made me and my wife want to vomit
I really like that the free weights are separated from the treadmill area. pool is nice trainers are great too. I usually go after work and its never too crowded. they also have some great spin classes.
Nice clean shop with slot of talented artists. Boom has been doing my tattoos for the last few years and he always delivers amazing work. Can't wait to go back to finish another sleeve
I give it a Meh. The food is predictable and the ambience includes loud kitchen noises and people yelling keno numbers. Good fresh squeezed orange juice.
Love this place.  Of course they are famous for their frozen hot chocolate.. it is amazing. The High heel pump sandwich was very good.. The food is good and a fun place to eat.. I have to go there a few times a year...
Had the tonkinese soup and it's flavorless but service is of decor is very nice. Haven't tried the other stuff here but for a good soup go to Chinatown much better!!
This place has the greasiest food loaded with msg I got a head ache that made me throw up .So go ahead and eat this low quality garbage.\nMy friend also chipped his tooth on bones in the food. They want to make money not customers I give this crap hole one year to close.
We had Big J come out to confirm that we had a slab leak.  He was on-time and professional.  And, he's going to end up saving us $$ since I didn't even think to involve our insurance company!
We've eaten here several times and every dish I've tried is excellent.  Great pricing and friendly service.  Will definitely be back many more times!
They have new york style chow mein! I have been looking for a place that serves this for years. They have fast delivery and great crab puffs and fried rice too. :)
This shop sells electronics and birds. It is woefully depressing in there. I feel sorry for the birds. The guy needs to not be in the bird business. If you want to see a great bird shop in he area go to Tropic Zone.
I have been hooked on this place since my first haircut there. A quality cut with a scalp massage and I never had to wait. The place is very clean and professional. The women barbers are very beautiful especially Reyna who cuts my hair. I highly recommend a visit.
My first experience at BRGR was great. The atmosphere was chill. I had a lot of space , it nice and quiet and most importantly the food was perfect. It was served fast and it was fresh off the grill.
Adam and his crew are great. Casual setting with great food and live music on weekends.
A hipsters paradise.
Horrible. Do not eat here. I felt sick afterwards, and my girlfriends mom got really sick later that night. Service was horrible. And very overpriced for what you get.
the hamburgers are like school lunch hamburgers that have been supersized.  that being said, i think my hamburger might have been the most edible thing on the menu.  my companion's food looked like vomit on a bun.
I'm here all the time
Great food and cool vibe loved it. The skirt steak is Bomb! Def recommend that if you go there.
Just left here and they're out of everything, how does Popeye's run out of chicken? thats like Subway running out of bread...find another location besides this one.
Food was good, but the selection was a little limited and seemed a little expensive compared to other places. They said they had just changed to a new menu.  The place itself looks great. Service was great with plenty of suggestions.
I love this pizzeria. Everytime I visit Las Vegas this is a must place to eat. We always order a large with red sauce, italian sausage, mushroom, garlic, and pepperoni. The best thin crust pizza in the world! Also, the wait staff is awesome!
The worst food....ever.......kill me now..........
Came here on day off from cooking to enjoy a late brunch with my wife. Ashley our server was awesome.  Only reason not five stars, wife's eggs were over easy not over medium as she requested.  Will be back because great service is always hard to come by in this town!
This place is OK, but it is really expensive, really loud and over rated.  Don't go here if you plan to talk to the people you came with.
The only downside of this place is the wait.  The problem with being this good is that you are always busy, but that is a great problem to have.  Love their pizza and their Garlic bread.  Also, great atmosphere.
Poorly cooked pizza i will say that the people are somewhat nice when ordering but would not give this place another chance
Our first stay here and it will be our last. We were given an incorrect room at check in, we went back down and had it corrected with no form of apology. The girl at the desk actually seemed upset that I wanted the room I had booked. \n\nThe carpets are disgusting, the bathroom fixtures are junk, etc etc
Very good sushi and very friendly service. Excellent prices. Small dinning area and located in a strip mall, but don't let that bother you. You will certainly enjoy the food.
Fab music and great drinks selection. Some people so cool it looked like it hurt but overall friendly and lively. Pain that the loos are all the way downstairs and not the best for 5 inch heels!!
Best gelato you can find anywhere and price is reasonable for the size. In the little cup... They pack so much ice cream in there!!! Any other gelato places don't compare. love love love!
Waited in the drive thru over ten min.  I'm actually writing this review while at the drive thru window.  Very slow. No apology or anything.
Old school Italian deli, no frills just good home made from scratch grub! I've found my new Ruben sandwich. Wife got the lasagna and even the pasta was homemade! Garlic knots are great
We had the spinach pie canzone which was excellent.   It oozed cheese great tasting spinach slivers of garlic and plenty of pepperoni in a crispy cust.  Highly recommend
Great visit.  About 2 years ago now.  Had the Pork Tenderloin, would recommend to anyone.  Also had the shrimp tamale.  Great flavor, great presentation and awesome margaritas.  Weekends can be tough to get a seat if you don't have a res 4-5 days out.
I've only gone here once and got the veggie lo mein... It was terrible. Seriously could hardly eat it. Wouldn't go there again.
This was the worst show I  have ever seen.\n\nNot surprised they canceled the show. I was just thankful I got comped tickets because if I paid one cent for this show I would have been pissed. People were walking out halfway through the show.
Came out to see Rocco DeLuca and fell in love with Deep Eddy Sweet Tea Vodka.
Tried it yesterday, because Los Dos Molinos was closed and I wanted to try a new Mexican place.  The service was good.  The margarita was decent.  I tried the carnitas.  Bland.  The beans were terrible.  The food was subpar.
Nice staff. Informative during my delayed flight. Ordered the bratwurst. Good for airport food. Decent!
The cornbread pancake is delicious! !! Make sure you check into yelp for your discount on dinners! The fried fish and fried chicken are both very good as well. The food is all made to order so expect a 20 minute wait.
Don't waste your money!  This restaurant is very overrated .  Coming from the dc area  this restaurant  just can't meet those standards of The Palm or Ruth Chris.  So expensive and service was lacking.  Go somewhere else!
Favorite sandwich place of all time!
Went there on a whim. Very disappointing. I thought the food was expensive and gross. Slow service. The guacamole wasn't anywhere near to what I can make in 1 minute at home. The chicken tacos were gross.
Great turkey sandwich and smoothie was tasty. Delicious healthy food.
perfect european portions, tasty food, true italians (still speak italian). i love it here, too bad my waistline would expand entirely too much....
We should have known that this buffet had gone downhill as there was no line at 11am - just when the lunch buffet was beginning!  This used to be so good and worth the wait. Now it is very mediocre and we will not be going back.
Home alive but cost $6 extra to turn around cuz we got in on the wrong curb.  But home alive is priceless. We use them to get to the airport a lot. Never had an issue. The driver texted me when he was close. They are always courteous and no issues with five or more uses...
Excellent food, fast service.  Fantastic crepe style pancakes.
Definitely miss State Street Brats. The place on game day or any day. Another reason why I got fat during college.
This place is great, I didn't know a hot dog could be so good. The beef hot dog was bangin', the chili sauce was bangin', the fries were bangin', the prices were bangin'. 5/5, would eat there again.
This is one of those stereotypical sit down Chinese restaurants that feature an eclectic menu. There's nothing really special besides the free tea. I will say that the fried rice dish wasn't enough to get me full sadly.
Went here for a $26 lunch buffet. Good food, but lunch does not have the higher end items. The beef brisket was the best. And remember to save room for dessert. Mango ice-cream was awesome.
Went there on sunday at 2pm, they were closed. Hours are 12pm-9pm on sundays. Waste of time
2.5 stars.\n\nI've encountered uninspired sushi lately. Hyakumi does nothing to change that trend.
Ordered a pepperoni pizza for delivery.  Was told 45 min and it got here in under 30. The pizza itself was very good. Only reason for not giving 5 stars is the guy on the phone was not very pleasant
We ate a breakfast and lunch here. The food is very good. I had the mushroom soup and a panini and it was tasty. It was a little too much food. The cafe latte and croissants were great. I would definitely stop here again. It is very busy on the weekends, but the wait was worth it.
Zero stars... Horrible  bland food,  no appearance what  so ever  was not tasteful.  Server was extremely rude,  for our date night,  what a total waste of  $109.79.. I wish we had  played  slots with the  $ and we don't gamble.  Grade F.  Management clueless!!!
This place is great. Went in inquiring about a pretty simple tattoo and encountered done really nice guys. Got quoted a great price and got started quickly! Russ did my tat and I am extremely satisfied with it. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone in Vegas lookin for a clean, affordable, and friendly tattoo parlor to go to.
Rip off 2.79 with car wash otherwise 3.09 what a rip.\nGas down the street is only 2.79 without the car wash , ice.   Drive further it's worth it.
Great night with great friends!! Thank you so much to the mix crew for making last night awesome!! Thank u Eric, Justin and Olivier for your great hospitality! Mix at Mandalay bay/THEHotel really knows how to treat their guests like VIPs!! Can't wait to go back again!!
Food is okay. Relatively cheap and also quick.  Location is good within walk distance for a lot of department
The opening time is definitely a plus. We wondered by at 9:00pm and met a full house. Taste-wise it's just as it, I can't tell too much difference from other similar stores.
Meh. It's not horrible, just not anything special. It' similar to a Charlies Steakery with limited choices.
Best Fresh Fish In All Of Vegas! Stop looking for good Sushi go get it here!
If you like watered down coffee, margarine, processed cheese product, and soggy toast, then this is the place for you. They know how to under cook and burn potatoes at the same time. Cheap, yes. And it shows.
If it weren't for the great food, this place wouldn't deserve a star. The place was vacant and we still had terrible service, slow food delivery (30 minutes!), and forgotten drinks. Seems as though the waitresses would rather be on their phones than tend to customers. Doubt we will return.
The smokes white fish with crostini app, and seared ago tuna with wasabi slaw are both very unique, and different...and good! That was all we had and it was all good and the bartender was very nice. I have yet to get an entree from here!
Waffles taste like cardboard in a press.  Never coming back.  \n\nI came because of the good reviews.  I should have stuck with the Terrace Cafe.
Great ambiance and good service.\nWe tried the Ceviche, halibut tacos and the chocolate bread pudding. Everything was excellent!
Love the chicken caesar salad but one to many times has my order been wrong. Staff sucks... So many teen employees in the back but customer service is lacking big time!
This is a great place for grilled cheese and tomato soup.  They also have a great selection of beers on tap.  Parking is hit or miss, but you can't miss a cute house that has been converted to a great gastropub.  Always a friendly face and you will always run into good folks.
I have loved Mon Ami Gabi for years.  The best bouillabaisse in town.  The outdoor seating is a little touristy, but can be romantic with the Bellagio fountain show directly across the Boulevard.  Also, any seafood dish is delectible.
They were SO rude....Dr. Romine was nice enough to stop by and said \"anything you need make sure you contact us\" but besides that they were just plain rude. Definitely not going back....
Stopped in here a couple days ago for a coffee and cinnamon roll.  Very friendly service.  Coffee and roll were good.  Atmosphere kinda cold and strip mall ish for my taste however.
Place has been here for decades. I've never had a bad meal here, and the wait staff are very very friendly. The food is excellent and they have the best hot and sour soup I've ever had!
Really great place to buy gifts for kids.  They have a nice selection of smaller items that can be used to fill space in a gift bag - I used them to fill a care package.  I prefer buying kiddie toys here as opposed to Toys R Us or Target.
Food was good bathroom was pretty clean.
Excellent.  Local ingredients, dough made from scratch, baked to perfection. The only thing I could use is a spotted cow. Oh yeah, they have that too.
Really REALLY good thin crust pizza. I think I may go here more for the pizza than for the beer, though the beer selection is pretty impressive. Also a good place for a game of darts, pinball, or late night drinks and conversation (and check out the half off menu after 10pm).
The portion is big but not huge, nice seafood and very good services. Ate the oysters and there are 6 types to choose from. \nVisited July 2014
Very nice course. $30 in the summer with some stunning views of the mountains. Very well manicured on most holes and friendly staff. Cart service was great with $2 PBR's and free water refills.
One of my favorite places to go shopping. A lot cheaper than the mall, better quality clothes, and everything you get is original and unique. I don't have to worry about someone else ever wearing the same thing as me! It always an exciting and interesting trip, and my friends are always jealous of the great finds I come home with.
I have to say this venue isnt the best I been to because of the security is terrible! They think so highly of themselves just because they have a shirt that says security on it. On the good side people come here since they do have alot of good artist and bands that come here. Overall its an okay place to see a show.
Horrible service. Got there with 4 cars in front of me, watched 14 cars go by that weren't even in line. Apparently there needs to be someone with a degree to hand wash a car. This is the 3rd time this has happened at this location. No more, I am done with this place
Love this place, food is always good an sushi chief poncho always makes your night great. He is such a character. Great place for a happy date night. Thanks again poncho for the laughs
Although the workers were available for service, the restrooms in the store, at least the women's were totally out of toilet paper and looked to have not been cleaned in a VERY long time. Extremely disgusting. Will not shop there again. Too many other adequate options. That is also a form of customer service.
Awesome brunch spot. Super cute decor! Hey you can't go wrong with bottomless mimosa and sangria for brunch! The food is cheap and pretty good! Ladies this is the place to get your girls together for drinks and convo! #SexandCityVibe
Worse check-in system yet encountered in my travels.   About a 20+ minute wait after checking-in at the counter.   Will not go here again.
I am not a huge sub fan to start with....\n\nThe subs are good, the selection is good, the price is a bit high for my liking. \n\nThey now have breakfast....might have to try that.
service was ok but the place smells like a urinal cake
Best after hours choice in Phoenix! Really good authentic cheap Mexican food. Good horchata! Good salsa! Good food! The long lines at 2am are definitely worth it.
Lobster, Lobster, Lobster!!!!  The food was out of this world!
I received a private message from the manager after I posted a 2 star review. She offered me a $50 gift certificate if I would come in and give them another try. I supplied both my email and snail mail addresses to her. Never heard back. Changing my review from two stars to one.
Not bad, not great. Really nice people work here, service was super quick. Portions were small, the taste of the rolls weren't that out of the world. Normal. Not worth the price, though.
Went here for the very first time. Sandwiches were great. You walk in and there was someone to explain how to order. Got the authentic Philly cheesesteak and the Cuban. Both were delicious and fresh tasting. Cool and easy concept. A little on the pricier side but worth it.
They were extremely professional, on time...Just an absolute joy.  The nice woman that delivered the package was so wonderful.  Can't get this kind of love in Jersey!
Wicked Spoon or Bacchanal, that is the debate.  I almost think they go back and forth as to who is better based on how they are doing for the week.  Still, I like the Spoon and come as often as I can.
Really great coffee and even has an awesome vibe for simply hanging out. It is always fun finding a new coffee shop to go to especially one that is locally owned and even does its own roasting. Definitely worth a visit!
Best pizza, service was awesome waiter Ray was very knowledgeable.. huge help!! Price was good.  Nice setting and clean..
Too many other buffets in Vegas that have better food for the same price. Food here was not horrible, however it left me unsatisfied. The staff was very nice and cordial, but I was there for the food.
I was not impressed.  My husband was not either which he is a die hard for hamburgers & hot dogs, I guess there is another burger joint not far from where we were which had better reviews.  Also there us a pinks in the strip
Food is mediocre, service is sup-par at best...only reason to go back is the 4 cheese pizza and the artichoke dip.
SOOOOOOOOOO OVER-RATED!!!!! oh man... The only cool thing about this coffee shop is the really cool environment and the super friendly staff...other than that, the coffee is boring!
The place was great looking and  the employees were great, but the food while plentful every item I had was lukewarm and average in both quality and taste.
Hehehe. Walked in... Not a word. Two dudes behind the counter just kept talking to each other.  Walked out.... To Subway across the street!  Good luck.
Food atmosphere and beer are always great! The service here is the worst anywhere I have been in a long while. It's not just this visit it's all four visits I have made in the last year.
For a very inexpensive Chinese restaurant this place really is good.  The delightful family who serves everyone goes out of their way to make their customers happy and well fed.  The food is excellently fresh and very tasty.  Also while the atmosphere is divey, it's adorable.
AMAZING!!! I had horrible floors when I bought my house, I now have the most amazing floors an baseboards! The price was more than fare and the result is beautiful. Now that the downstairs of my house is done I will be scheduling the upstairs. They do the best work I'm so excited for our next project
Terrible service. A bunch of kids running this place. What's with the lox. I ordered a nova and bagel platter and they cooked the salmon and it was broken into little pieces that's not how lox and bagels is served. Very confused and really don't want to complain to these children.
The house soup and house salad were great. I didn't try the pasta which I think is good. Do NOT order \"Lobster&Shrimp Rivioli\" because it tastes like microwave food.
The thing about IHOP is that you usually know what you're getting when you go there. It's not the best breakfast food, but it's consistant. The service at this location has always been quick and we leave all ready for a nap.
My girlfriend and I came with our friend. The service was very nice. The order didn't come out right the first time but they fixed it rather quickly.
We've  been going to st rose pediatric for long time.  It's always been good visits even though Dr.  Cox is not around.  Thank u for all d stuff.
Ordered teriyaki chicken and it was good. The order was freshly made so it took a bit longer. Good customer service and clean shop.
Great food! Great service and awesome experience!  Thanks Waffle House, I love you :D
Really very good by Montreal standards, good even by Vancouver standards. Pricing is a bit peculiar, some things are crazy expensive and others seem under priced.  It has become my go-to sushi place.
Pros:\nInteresting menu (especially where located)\nSuper flavorful dishes\n\nCons:\nWhy is my pasta always swimming in water?  Please take 1 extra minute to drain it!!!
oh boy, I guess if you haven't had much exposure to Vietnamese food then it would be decent.  I'm from San Francisco and this place would go out of business in a heart beat up there.
I was worried because these celebrity chef restaurants are really hit or miss. I left B&B satisfied. The servers were extremely knowledgeable and nice. The flavors that were put out on the plates were amazing. So simple yet so perfect! I enjoyed everything we ordered.
The ribs were good, but the chicken didn't have much flavor and was quite dry.  Potatoes were fine.  Very filling & a good value.  The sauce didn't have much flavor (got the mild version.)
Got the veggie burger, which was probably 98% salt. Not. Good.\n\nThe boyfriend liked the wings, though, and there were lots of TVs. If I go back, it will be for a beer, not for the food.
Menu is fine. Beers are not cheap but I love the beer tour.
Go see Jenn B. at Par Exsalonce! She has been doing my extensions for months now and I couldn't be happier with the results! She's the sweetest girl with a great personality, and your hair will always be looking good! You will be glad you went to see her :)
Expensive, obnoxious unhappy service, minuscule pullet-sized chickens, mediocre quality at best and absurdly long wait, other than that, wonderful.
Service was good but not great.  Food was okay.  For the same range of prices this was my least favorite meal of any restaurant I've been at.
When I walked in the server (sandwich maker) just started talking to another person. We were the only people ordering. When we did order they were out of cheese. Then a lady came in (that was acting like a manager) telling the employees how 2 employees at another subway were killed execution style which she went into elaborate details.
This place is bull s#%\u00a3 I had an appointment at 12:00 and now it is 1:00 and I'm still waiting. We have asked them how much longer 3 times and they keep saying your next and now 7 people have gone back. Avoid this place if you can.
Got in quickly, haircut was fast, price was cheap ($12)\n\nMediocre haircut at best.  My guy seemed retarded.  No blood or bald patches though so that's a plus.
This place has some mixed reviews, but my experiences here have been very good.  The sushi has been fresh and tasty, the entrees are delicious and nicely portioned.  The prices are reasonable and the service has always been fast, sit down or take out.  I live nearby and will continue to dine here.
We showed up and the bar is closed/ chained closed with an eviction notice on the door.
I love this place! I'm going to bring all my friends here in the future! The ice cream is great just as good as the art on the walls and the service given. I'm excited to return!
Will not go back again, the food looked slimey, lack of choice in selection, food was not hot, just kind of warm.  Families with kids running around buffet area being loud and annoying.  Sat in the back and waiter for that section just stood by our table looking at everyone all weird,  no thanks china star
This is a very cute little boutique with affordable priced clothing. Owner is super nice and friendly. I will definitely be coming back to shop again.
I like a Krispy Kreme every once in a while, who doesn't.........
Good place to hang out after your evening shift, or bar closings.  Don't bother too much with anything other than breakfast, which is not the greatest, but consistent and filling.  In other words, fill the void and don't expect parsley or anchovies on your ceasar salad.
I recently stopped in the Arizona Center's 1130 and was mildly impressed. \n\nThe food is nothing to rave about and the atmosphere is awkward. Service was slow but they have a decent Happy Hour. Wine selection could be beter.
Rock and Brew was very enjoyable. Plenty of beer to choose from with a great scenery and music. The crowd was in control and it did not get rowdy. The price was negotiable for all you can drink and the food was pricey but worth every bite after consuming so much beer.
Strawberry mojitos and taquitos were great!! Wings are gross, but who orders wings at a mexican place? Chips and dip are great :)
Sometimes fun neighborhood joint. Their in-house taxi mentioned in an earlier review is a pretty cool service. The bartenders can be a couple of tool-bags sometimes. I guess you have to catch them in the right mood. Grab a bucket of swill, throw some good music on in the jukebox, and everything is copacetic.
Boring menu average food
This place is usually pretty good. Nice beer selection. Food is pretty good . Not too fancy but definitely good
I ordered take out of Tom Yum soup and Chilli Chicken, what a disappointment. None of these tasted good, Tom Yum soup was kinda disgusting.
Good food with excellent service. Brunch was tasty and the service put it over the top!
This place has ruined me for any other pizza. It was amazing!  Will stop everytime I'm in Vegas.
LOVE this place! Open late-night & so fun to sample all the different flavors. \nThis is a safe & healthy alternative that I am obsessed with!  Sweeeet !
Food and service were excellent, but the techno music blasting in an endless loop made it almost impossible to have a conversation and forced us to rush through dinner, leaving with headaches. Maybe just not our scene, but won't be back.
Went here with a couple of friends for burgers and beers. Good selection of local beers and the burgers were good. I personally had a cheeseburger with green chilis which was very good. Great patio for drinks outside and local beers. Perfect place for a Saturday or Sunday afternoon.
Good but not great.\nPretty wide magazine selection given its smallish size though.
Eest Asian Bistro is the best Asia food I have had in Arizona.  Food and service are very good.
Be a piggie and go animal on everything :)\n\nThis place is delicious, but definitely only a sometime thing over an everyday occurrence :)
The food was fair, hamburger was overdone , waitress pleasant. Although it was half hour before closing place was dirty and bathrooms should have been clean.
It sucked. Food was mediocre. Service was even worse. There were two waiters . I asked for water 3 times
Fairly standard CVS - subpar service and all.  The pharmacy is my main gripe here.  I've not needed to interact much with the non-pharma staff.
Location, Location, Location.  Great spot to drive-through and grab a coffee on your way to hop on the 60.  Never had a messed up order.  Really friendly employees.
great food
The Mushroom burger was really good, but the staff has the personality of a block of wood.  Cheer up!!!!
I started with my first los fav breakfast burrito at the los favs in Tempe. I was delighted to find this Chandler. Location right near my new home 2 years ago. I love their breakfast burritos and the carne asada fries are to die for! Great food and awesome service.
After finishing my junk meal I walked 50 feet and lost $200 at a craps table.  That was more fun than eating at PF Changs.  \n\nI wouldn't eat here again for all the tea in China.
I will never return to this location! I love their espresso & the coffee. However, the customer service was AWFUL!! It has slowly gone down hill over the past month I don't know what changed with the AM management but, you always treat the customer with respect!
Great food, average Mexican dive style restaurant. Staff is friendly, service is fair on the speed index
Decent Mexican dishes. Certainly more of a fast food quaintly rather than authentic.. Greasy but good if your in rush.
Only place in the valley that serves fresh and authentic Mexican food. The food is delicious, and they've even got fresh salsa! They have a wonderful, friendly staff. I won't go anywhere else for Mexican food.
best place in town for beef noodle soup, pass on the beef wrap beef was tough
This place is terrible. They dont have all you can eat just because a convention was in town??  Also we cannot substitute clear noodles in white noodles in a soup?? I don't know how this place is even still in business.
Clean place, food is what it is. The jackass behind the counter wearing the sombrero and yelling really bad lil john impersonations is way too much. Get some class or respect your customers.
I absolutely love the team at Altered Ego!  Shaya does an amazing job with my short haircut and highlights.  She truly has a gift!\nBrandy is a talented nail artist...she has me hooked on shellac manicures.  \nHighly recommend!
This place has gone DOWNHILL!!  Food is sub-par and service is even worse, as they barely even take the time to take your order (forgetting to ask how you take your eggs and simple basics like that).  Definitely save your money for something better!!
The Gyro lunch is great and I though it was plain delicious. The atmophere is quite depressing and I prefer to order out  next time
Will never eat here again. Sandwich was meteocre and overpriced. On top Of that I was charged more than I was told the total was. Horrible first time experience!
Christine at the west location gives the best massage ever! Her energy is amazing and that is what you need an exchange of light and wellness, along with excellent touch, Christine F you rock!\nThanks !!
Go to Freeds. Out of donuts and machine was down. They could of at least put a sign on the door.
Went here on the hottest day of the year. Seriously delicious. Kindy pricey and the chicken was a little plain but the hot dog was delicious and the California Burger is better than a Double Double. (Sacrilege, I know) the fries are tiny shoestrings that are delicious.
I understand the pharmacy is busy..it ALWAYS IS. \nthey need to staff a little more so customers don't have to wait 20 minutes for a script that was already ready!
Carne asada tacos are amazing. Very clean and well operated. Definitely gonna come here again
While in town stopped in for a quick fix on my gel nails and got a pedicure. The pedicure was fabulous, the gel nails were OK, felt like the manicure was rushed, polish job was mediocre. I will certainly visit again next time I'm in town.
always always go here! where else can you create your own crepe!
Ummm.... I feel bad for the servers who have to sell the food. It has to be embarrassing for them to put a smile on while they are charging so much money for such a terrible product.
The best place on Mill. Consistently excellent pizza, salad, and bruschetta. Good wine selection and definitely a more sophisticated atmosphere than anywhere else. The pear salad is excellent. Wonderful service. Great value.
Fair - but cheap!  $5.99 lunch special was good, qualizty lcked.
So yummy! Great staff and awesome authentic mexican food! It's off the strip and well worth the drive.
I've gone back a couple times, and service has improved immensely! I'm not sure if that one employee had his hours cut or what, but ever other employee I've had has done a superb job at being friendly!
This charming little place not only has the BEST custom spray tan around - they can also whiten your teeth and have a rotating selection of adorable summer dresses on the cheap! If you are sick of being orange or baking under the harmful uv rays check this place out! First time clients get a discount! I will never go anywhere else!
I always want to like Panda Express. They're friendly, nice establishment, conveniently located- but the food always leaves me disappointed
No need to get a new car, pay less than 100 bucks and these guys can make your car look new. My headlights were all fogged up but now it looks brand new.
aloha:\ngreat place great coffee  aaa+++\nnice folks\nvery high speed wi fi and wire
Great local food place! Price is a bit expensive but the quality of the food is well deserved! They make all of their sauces in house so nobody else will have what they have. The owner is a nice guy who is willing to help you understand the food choices. Highly recommend trying them!
I love their new location on State! It's clean and the decor is bright and welcoming.
Hands down the BEST of the party pools in Vegas. I came here a few times before I lived out here and now I live here it's still number 1 for me. Definitely one of the more wild pools in Vegas so make sure you're ready for it!
Dirty change room.
Very overpriced drinks, poor service, and mediocre music. Seemed very promising at first but a $14 well drink and a very, very smoky room ruined it for me. Never again. Much preferred the outdoor bar between Harrahs and the Quad and the impersonator / blackjack dealers at the Quad.
It's Starbucks.  You know what you're getting.  I did try the blonde roast recently, and it's definetly milder.  Not to my liking, but if you're not a fan of their usual blends, try the Blonde.  It really is lighter.
This is a nicely located Courtyard right off I-17 and close to a mall. Traffic is a bit brutal at times but it's not LA. Pretty standard Courtyard with fridge but no microwaves. They have wifi now contrary to older reviews.
We really love this place. The staff is nice, sushi is delicious, and it's close to my everyday travel route.
I was very disappointed in the service in particular.  I was there with a group of about 12.  We arrived when there was no one in the restaurant, and our meal took almost 4 hours.  The service left a lot to be desired, and the food was just OK.  I expected much more for the price.  I would not recommend.
Awful attitudes of the old people behind the counter. Bad coffee and don't expect any of their pastries heated coz they dont have oven or microwave.
Chain pizza is basically a 3.
Our favorite restaurant in Arcadia! Great service, food and staff.
super americanized chinese food. maybe I ordered the wrong thing (see pic)
Food sucks for vegetarians (and its overpriced) but the atmosphere was fun. Probably wouldnt go back though....they need more veggie options!!
Closing on October 17th, 2010.  Only a few more days to check out this unique museum!  There is nothing else quite like it, and it will be missed.
Food was great, but despite reading the positive reviews I found the staff was a bit off and not very cheerful. \n\nThe side salad is amazing and the pastries were tempting me from their glass case. I will be coming back to try the pastries for sure since the food was so great.
My husband and I were totally impressed by the dining experience. Everything, from good quality, presentation to service are top notch. This is our first time dining at a Michelin 3 star restaurant and Joel Robuchon definitely lives up to its reputation.
Julia's knows hows to cook.  I've eaten there twice already, and I ordered the same thing, the Steak, Bacon and Egg breakfast burrito.  I'm sure everything else on the menu is just as good.  I'll have to try a burger next.
They worse dunking donuts ever!!!!!\nFirst they don't know how to make coffee!!!\nThey have so many employees and it's look like they don't want to give service.\nThe place very messy and dirty.
Love love love this place!!! We order from here at least once a week and they have the best chicken burittos and you can't beat the price!
The worst starbuck I've ever been to. Store is a mess the employees are unprofessional n with a overwelming attitude. Also they don't even honor their own iPhone mobilecard. I would never want to go back.
On the Go - Eat at Rubio's\n\nWant fresh food in a clean environment and excellent service with smiles? People on the go eat at Rubio's.
Good places for drinks and watching a game. Staff is friendly and service is fast. Yet to have food there but have seen lots of people there for lunch.
It's a walk in, order, then sit down style. I got a breakfast burrito and a black coffee which came to slightly over $11. The burrito was virtually flavorless, but the coffee was good. Crowded seating in my opinion. However, the staff were super friendly and helpful :)
\"Great place, nice and clean, good atmosphere! The fish tacos are, no kidding, excellent!!\"
Showers are way to small. \nBeds are ok. \nService ok.\nWouldn't go back
Great views, great customer service.
Waste of time! Do not buy this living social. Never returned phone calls or showed up for scheduled appointment. SCAM ALERT!!!!
Since resent remodeling this place looks quite nice and has an extensive selection of wine. They also have better hours than most other wine & spirits and are open on sundays until 5. I am sure you will find what you are looking for and for a decent price.
Great soup and pad Thai and beautiful decor.  So glad we tried this this place and can't wait to come back.
Don't come here if u have tattoos. Note to staff; don't judge a book by its cover, that book may have a lot of 'knowledge' for you. (Money)
Really nice chill place, servers are good - but could stop by more to check on patrons.The crab cake appetizer are the best.  The only thing missing is mist fans outside for the hot weather.
Tried to use the restaurant.com certificate that was purchased 3 days ago, only to learn they no longer honor the certificates.  Needless to say, I did not order or eat any of their food.  I would recommend not eating there since they do not honor their commitments to their customers.
Dilly's, you have impressed me.  Not because your food was great...it was not.\n\nThank you for opening my eyes.\n\nHad I the opportunity to do it over, I'd still be hungry, and I'd be standing over a pile of burning money.
There are two GREAT pizza places in South Charlotte, and this is one of them.  Do yourself a favor, and eat here!
If you're in the mood to walk around, shop and eat this is your place. Great stores to look at it with a small town feel. Awesome place to check out if you are not from the area.
This is by far one of the worst casino reservation booking that I have ever experienced I would give them zero stars if I could I don't understand with there lack of customer service how they are even still in business
Just had breakfast there by going thru the drive through.  I work on the road so I unfortunately go through drive thru's a lot more then I want to admit but wow, horrible service and the drive thur lady was so very very rude.
This is a great local brewery with fantastic variety regarding tap selection. Their IPA\"s are excellent and the atmosphere is okay with a rustic kind of theme.\n\nMy only complaint would be that the service is slow (at least when I was there) which made getting another round or paying my tab a lengthy endeavor.
Big slice for $5. The pepperoni was good- lots of flavor, wide, flat slices. The crust was thin and crisp. I would've preferred more sauce but I enjoyed this pizza
Yes it's fast food, basic customer service is expected but this location sucks.  The drive through kept having me repeat my order so I just went inside which took forever as well.  Try to avoid.
Very dated, small bathroom, tube TV\n\nBreakfast was good.
This place is horrible. Chicken was rubber and rice was cold. The restaurant itself was dirty as well.
The noodles before the meal was good. Ordered from the Korean section, got a bowl of noodles floating in fishy, soupy cornstarch, no taste, but smelled fishy. BBQ ribs were soft, but seemed like bottled sauce was poured over the top right before serving. Very disappointed
I'll Pass.....not a reliable place. Mike should say to my face if he doesn't want to service my vehicles.
I had congee and it was a bit mediocre to me. I would come back just to get a quick meal, but not really spend much time because the service was ehh too.
Great sushi rolls, soup, salad, and experience. A solid sushi option for those Vegas vacationers!
Ordered delivery from Corner Thai for the first time this week and fell in love! My husband and I ordered yellow and red curry, spring rolls, and pad Thai. Our expectations weren't high considering we haven't had the best luck with other restaurant's delivery, but it ended up being incredible. I constantly crave the spring rolls!
Love the frozen hot chocolate! Great place to go for a snack or dessert if you're a local and want to go out on the town or visiting tourist!
Ra'ckin shrimp are just that.  The sauce is super duper ginger heaven.  Sushi was also very good and happy hour prices were a welcome change from the typical Vegas prices.
In terms of fast food pizza, Howie's is probably my drug of choice. Their prices are fair and the flavored crusts are pretty good. I also like the sandwiches or maybe a greek salad if I'm feeling lazy but want something a bit more green.
Spin is amazing! The Saturday and Wednesday afternoon classes have the best instructor. That class alone is worth my membership. \n\nThey have a great new smoothie and juice bar. Perfect location and great people.
The food is excellent here! The French Onion soup is to die for, the fish and steak is so delicious, French fries yum. Salads are so good. Wanted to stay longer in Vegas so I could eat here more often!
Great, laid back atmosphere with a unique layout.  Attentive bartenders - make great sangria!  Ordered lunch - the coconut squash soup is to die for!!!!  The bloody's are some of the best we've had.  We've returned several times and will continue to do so.
Have not been there in a while.sorry I came back, Place smell like Pine Sol real bad! Bearly no meat on the Gyro pita no dressing on the Greek salad.
Our server Shantel was the best! She was on top of everything and one of the best servers  I have ever had at a restaurant thank you Shantel!
Place is great! Not to busy, but that's just more comfortable for me.. The staff is great! Especially the one guy with glasses, my first time in, he walked me through everything, even have me ideas to mix.\nSooooo many flavors!
Everyone gushes about the food.  How hard is it to deep fry a potato? I think the history of it is more impressive.  There are not many places that have endured.
I think their beer selection is much more impressive than their hot dog selection. although, mac and cheese on a hot dog is a pretty amazing option. but really, come for the beer cave and you won't be disappointed.
The beds are Great! Always clean, not usually busy and plenty of bed options. The reason I am only giving it 3 stars is because the prices are insane. I have never been to a place that charges so much for just one tan! Packages range from $40- $100 a month.
Something about the yogurt here really upset my stomach. The milk content is much higher than other froyo places and the prices are higher than other self serve places as well. They have great unique flavors but i'm going to stay away.
GREAT local bar!  Sliders are amazing, so many to choose from. Ambience is awesome.  Feels like you should be on the strip instead of near your house. Great place to watch any sporting event. Staff is friendly and attentive. I highly recommend this place.
compared with the nathan's I had at the palms after the bjork show, this dog tasted like it had been cooked days before, maybe years - still, it's cheap for vegas and oh so tasty with beer.
Endless appetizers (boneless chicken n\nSpinach artichoke) was the worst !!!!\nChicken taste and look like microwave food and also cold,  spinach artichoke was over cooked. Didn't taste right. Worst appetizers i ever tasted !!!!!
Sketchy Doggie day care. I would advise to look somewhere else if you are looking for your dog to be watched and not involved in negative behavioral socialization.
Really!  $50 for a buffet and no lobster.  Really?
Same experience as Allison. Save your money
I just stopped in for a buffet dinner. It was absolutely horrible.  The foods were dry and not fresh.  No wonder the place was quite empty considering it was  a prime dinner hour.  I will never go back there again.
I had lunch at this restaurant.  The roast beef sandwich was good.  The other people at my table had the Thai salad and they really enjoyed that.  It was huge.  Another person in the group had the Mahi and liked it.  The staff was attentive and nice.  I recommend that you check it out.  It was not cheap though.
Great service, even let me borrow a phone charger when my phone was about to die. Came often to check on coals. Good amount of flavors, clean and hookahs were great. Only could be better if they served alcohol, but that's hard to find in hookah lounges out here!
Great coffee, breakfast, and conversation with the owners and staff.
Tried the chicken sausage and it was awesome, potatoes were uniquely flavored.. Steak was cooked right. Marcus was our server and he was right on! Great service, nice private ambiance .. Come for sunday brunch! Only thing was my son asked for scrambled, we got over easy but the fixed that right away
A great antique mall for locals a visitors alike...well managed and with great vendors. We stop whenever we are in town!
Had some amazing steak frites and mussels here, very impressed with the food and the staff was very friendly.  Would certainly come here again!
Food is great but service is not. (Hosts), servers are good though, it's just the people up front. They need to make their servings bigger too.
The sheets were clean, flat screen tv nice, bed very comfortable, pillows nice and firm, but the carpet needs to be steam cleaned twice or just replaced. minus 2 stars
Waited and hour for average food. Or maybe my expectations are a tad bit high for a celebrity chef...
Nothing is amiss at Legume. The food is amazing. Each dish is one layer of enjoyment after another. I can't wait to come back.
Place was empty on a weekday afternoon (2pm), but service was still extremely slow. \n\nIced Tea was way too strong. Burger - raw! Tarte Flambee - utterly terrible. \n\nWould never try this place again.
NO more chocolate fountain. \n\nThe quality has dropped. \n\nPretty much. All the rolls are mayonnaised out. The even have a bottle of \"yum yum\" sauce right by the wasabi. \n\nThe salads are good.
they are not that bad. their food portions are huge. too bad they dont accept debit/credit cards. they add more veggies to their siamin.
Everything was delicious and the service was great! Had the clam chowder and papaya split for two which was a perfect portion. Also had the spicy ahi sushi which was tasty. The calamari was cooked perfectly, melted in my mouth. No complaints and I'd definitely come back!
Favorite to go to move theater. Small, cozy, clean auditoriums. IMAX available. Kids Quest next door, so you could still catch a movie thats not so great for children.
Frankly, it was delicious. A carnivore's dream.
Omg i love their orange chicken!  Waitress super friendly and attentive! Totally different from most Chinese,  Thai, Vietnamese restaurant you go to. I loved the seafood soup.  I'm most definitely coming back!
I like the chain, but the staff at this location are horrible. Very busy, which I get, but when I asked for help to unlock spray paint, I get barked at how busy they are and I'll have to wait. Felt like I was chastised for asking for help. I'll try another location.
Don't be discouraged by what may appear to be shady looking bouncers outside the entry, they were friendly and just checking IDs. The bartender was nice, the bathroom was clean, and it has a nice cozy/dark atmosphere with fire pits.
Traditional chain restuarant with your typical menu.  Great location though.....and it was hopping for its grand opening.
Service was excellent, but food was just okay.
In the words of Sir Charles - Terrible, terrible, terrible.  Compared to the other Cirque shows, this is by far the worst.  Annoying clowns, basic acts, no storyline.  Save your money...
Dece food and accepts watcard
Average pizza if it were in NY, I have no clue why the Sicilian takes soooo LONG to make. The salad pizza is very good however. I hate Pepsi and everyone knows Coke and pizza go together so that is another strike.\nI would eat there again but Casanova Brothers in Mesa blows NYPD away!!!
Great food with attention to detail. We enjoy going on Monday nights for all evening happy hour specials along with live local music. Very friendly staff and that give attentive service. The Chef really does well with the entrees. Good favors and value.
Caprese Burger....sooooooo good!!!\n\nGreat place to go, affordable too. Great portions, great service, even during a lunch rush during CES. Fried pickles were better than expected.
At the least the salads and bread was ok. Waited long time to be served the salad with the blue cheese or utensils. There were no refills on beverages and a filthy bathroom with overflowing garbage. It is so obvious that the employees and management just don't care.
SO GOOD ! That is all I really can say. The portions are good and worth the price. My belly is always satisfied after a meal there.
Love this place!  Great food and friendly people! Wasn't as good the second time
Liked this place.  Good service and yummy chicken panang.  Extensive menu and good lunch specials averaging $7 - $8.  Would definitely go back.
The people at Central Phoenix Eye Care are great. \n\nThe staff was friendly, the doctor helpful and the prices very reasonable. \n\nFantastic business.
I liked this place. The servers were super friendly and nice-the ambience was great and the food was good too. I loved the sausage and the pizza was good too. I would definitely return.
Great burger (absolutely melts like butter)\nLots of tasty beers\nDelicious fries (regular and sweet potato)  \n\nnot much more you need to know.
The staff here are friendly and excellent.  They were very accommodating to our party of 4 with 2 babies.  Their food was average pub fare and priced fairly.  I would return in a pinch.
I was also a little disappointed that they didn't come near us as much as I would have liked.  We had front row seats and nothing.  I was pretty sad, but they do pull up random girls to go on stage.  Really hot guys, but the picture at the end was ridiculous expensive.  Per person.  Crazy.
Barely mediocre. I'm giving it two stars because it didn't come back up.
Although, most of their appliances are kinda old. Nice, quiet neighborhood is also a plus to this location. Great customer service, front lobby staff always ready to help out too. We Love this place, It home away from home for us.
Delicioso!\n\nKind of expensive for a popsicle, but its really good, and they have rent to pay!!\n\nDefinitely worth the splurge!
This is the saddest review I've ever written as I was a long time Spago customer and fan but the \"new\" Spago just doesn't cut it. The service isn't as friendly as it once was and the offerings are only a shadow of the excellence that was once the hallmark of this location.
We arrived at 8 pm on a Tuesday. It is 10 and our food still isn't here. The food is decent, but it's not chipotle.
This place is worth checking out of you want a great burger!   It will make you want to come back!
Incredible sandwich.  Great Service on the night that I was there.  Will definitely go back.
Slightly pricey for the money.  Sides extra.  Too early for a full review.  Willing to return for another try
the salesmen have gotten scuzzier ands lot more pushy. when I leased my car 3 years ago they were wonderful. now they're just like every other car dealer. shame.
Worst experience ever! We were sat down and ignored by every one in the resturant, including the manager or what looks like the manager. It is such a shame to stay in a nice hotel and have service this horrible. I wouldn't recommend this establishment to anyone EVER!
Love this spot. Easy menu but still interesting. Great staff. Patient and make suggestions. Will customize anything. Cool atmosphere and a little less overwhelming than your usual Starbucks. Love having them close by. Try the funky monkey of you get a chance.
Never ever going back. The place stinks like cigarettes and the service is terrible. The food is mediocre, ihop may be better. Definitely wouldn't suggest to a friend.
This is one of the most screwed up Wendys in Phoenix area.  Unfortunately, there is not a lot of other fast food choices in the immediate area.  They are just slow or understaffed??  People moving but in slow motion.  If you go inside, expect a wait and frustration.
went there for dessert. ordered the orange dome, chocolate croissant and irish cup. very very good! That's all I have to say :)
Everything we ordered here was top-of-the-line. The service was excellent, and the ambience was perfect. The decorations are interesting. It is a must that you order the warm butter cake.
Awesome place. My wife and I go there often and we are having a lot of fun. \nThe bow techs know their stuff and helped me out a lot. \nGreat job. Keep up the work!
Zumanity ruined me for other cirque shows. Ka is about exactly the same as Mystere. Decent but not amazing.
Food poisoning last night!!!!! Skinnylicious steak medallions= DEATH. \n\nOh my goodness, started barfing at 5 this morning and still ill!!!! I will never set foot in another Cheesecake Factory again.
One of the nicest clubs anyone could ever go to. The place is really high class, is highly secured, and has a stunning close view of Bellagio's water show. Service is fast and on top of everything, DJ plays really good music, and the tables are nice too.
A place that doesn't serve Hennessy will always get 0-1 star
I don't know if I'll ever go back to Rubio's; this place is the bomb! Love the condiments bar so you can make your taco exactly how you want it. Staff is super friendly, and prices are reasonable. Will definitely be going back soon!
Me and my wife took our 18 month old and he had a ball. We will be back.
I like the Halloween displays. Interesting selection of costumes and other items that are not found in similar stores. Would come back again.
This place is super fun music is hella loud and the drinks are so heavy you can't ask anything better
It's what i've come to expect from WF, although this store felt a little cluttered. I hit up the salad bar which was varied, but not as extensive as other WF's. The cheese section was not very impressive. I may checkout the one in Chandler.
staff was very typical of chinese restaurants, cold and sterile with evident love for their job. all the dim sum tasted the same because most of their dishes were made from shrimp. service was adequate, but the food was embarassing for my guests.
Located near the theatre entrance. 1st time here and I enjoyed the quick service. Very casual. I liked my dinner.\nOrdered:\nBacon and Cheese Burger\nSweet Potato Fries\nMy friends thoroughly enjoyed having a milkshake or beer with their burgers.
Awesome beer selection, ok latkes, and surprisingly great coffee. When I wake up a little early, this is my first stop on the way to work.
This store is a mecca of anything beauty related. The store is brightly lit with isles and isles of products. Items that you would find in salons and in the drug stores. There is even a hair salon in the back. A bunch of friendly salespeople to help with any question you may have.
This place saddens me. It is a void. It has a sterile atmosphere. The sandwiches were dry and not very good. The prices were high. The only reason that I went was because they handed out coupons in my neighborhood. If I had to say something good about this place, it would be that it is clean.
Loved the ambiance. The lobster and the fillet mignon was delicious.  Classy atmosphere but laid back and casual.  Highly recommended!
Terrible food, small plates and way to expense, 5 pieces of gnochi for $17.
So absolutley fantastic. Went on a date there and it was our first time. The owner came over and chatted with us then we let him pick and choose what to bring and it was amazing. I wish I remembered the names of our dishes. Guess I will have to go again so I can give you more specifics.
One of the best pizzas I have eaten. Soft, crispy, a little burned on top. Absolutely delicious! 10\" for 8 bucks and 22 oz Coors light for $3.50, what a deal!
Generic Lucky Strike atmosphere.  Nice crowd.
Expensive, but worth every dollar! steaks melt in your mouth and seasoning is personalized!
Hot shrimp was awesome
This establishment is poorly managed. The \"manager\" Thomas gave us burnt mac n cheese and gave us a blank stare wen we comfronted him.  All he could do is give us a cell number to the manager in Arizona.  This was the worst experience ever and I never seen such a poor managed staff.
Service started out good,  then went downhill.  Nails were messed up and had to have her go back and fix them. Every two weeks when I came in to get a fill I was charged more and more.  Kind of ridiculous.
This location is sooooo nice!! We sat outside on the upper level. Very nice ambiance and server. I got the gorgonzola burger and it was delicious!!! I really like this location and I'll return in the near future.
Good food, but food was room temperature. I like the sushi to be very cold. Very small inside. Wonderful service , full of smiles. Good prices
Mmmmmmm.  Traditional Taiwanese breakfast in Vegas.  Good food for the price.  Portion is decent, and the dining area is clean and neat.  Huge parking lot, and plenty of parking.  Service is okay.  Well worth to stop by if you are around the hood and are willing to try something else other than ordinary American breakfast in Vegas.
I walked in today right when they opened. I was famished. I had not eaten breakfast so I went for the vegetariano. The egg was cooked perfectly over medium and the combination of chimichurri and roasted peppers were bursting with flavor. Glad I happened upon this Bloomfield gem!
Again clean and organized.  This is my regular mail place and I'll never go anywhere else again! !
Best poker room in town, and I have tried several of them.  The entire area is non-smoking which helps.  The room has a good mix of games, and tons of tables.  My only complaint is that I live on the west side, so it's a long drive to get to this location.
I was not impressed with this club. The girls are just meh. It's very expensive. The decor is nice but that's about it. Don't waste your money there when there are so many other clubs to chose from.
Food was good , Service great. We had wait for a table and there was little to no room to wait indoors and it was well over 105 outside! we had our 5 month old granddaughter with us so we squeezed in and waited the 10 minutes for a table.
Rare, 5 star banner.  They so deserve it!  Good food, no fuss, and friendly service!
It is a huge disappointment. The food is very expensive and taste is not too special from what people made in their kitchen at home.
I've eaten here a couple times in the last few weeks, for the price you get a real good selection. I'm going to go there again in a couple days.
Great ice cream flavors for everyone. Kids can color & fill their faces. Eat inside or outside. Cakes available as well as catering.
really?
Love this place. Bic gave me a gel manicure. She was very thorough, filed my nails perfectly and was an absolute perfectionist when applying the polish. Very nice and clean salon.
The food was really good. It's close to my house. They support our local high school. So much going for the place, but best of all: best customer service I've seen in a long time! Love this place!!
Very very slow.  First time here.  Figured I would give it a try since it's a block from my house.  Been waiting 40 minutes for my take out order....still waiting.  Wish I would have read the reviews first....
It is very well put together. In the day not too exciting but at night very pretty
This store has become dirty, tagged up bathrooms, and overall crappy moody female service. Drink was made properly.
Randomly pick a Asian to remove from the club. Can't believe this
Ridiculously overpriced. $9 for a slice of cheesecake. It was good, but I've had better. Too bad the Stage isn't around anymore.
Quick, Fast, Cheap Mexican Food.\nOpen 24 Hours\nOddly enough, I've NEVER gotten sick from eating here! ;-)\nThe Horchata is a MUST!
Some of the best pizza I have found since moving out to Las Vegas
Wasn't a fan. Food was dependent on you to come up with the recipe and with the type of food that can not end well. No creativity since the chef does it your way. I wasn't impressed.
Service is slow..on slow and busy night..either they need to get more bartenders or they need to stop checking themselves out in the mirror..and do some good service..
My wife got her nails done here and they really messed them up. She went back to get it fixed and the woman doing them still couldn't get it right. One of her fake nails was even crocked.
Great pizza and great customer service.   I have been to this location three times sincetthey have opened and have been blown away.  Pizza is fresh and made to order and the sandwiches are a must have.  Definitely my new favorite pizza place!!
Pretty much my favorite chain Mexican food. Although you have a lot of choice for great Mexican food in the area, it's a pretty good place and has a lot of menu choices
I quite like this place as i like its ice cream.It has a great cafe for eating and ordering meals upstairs.Staff are polite and helpful.Nice food and ice cream.
Had the Britannia burger it was good.\nthe place was a little loud. Server was knowledgeable about items they offered.\nI would go back again!
My husband and I had the most awesome experience at Prestos our waiter Alex and Alaina were the best they suggested the shrimp & grits and the chicken martini and both were great! We will definently be back thanks for a great dining experience.
Been visiting here for a while. Always friendly & attentive staff. Food is delicious! I recommend the Carnitas Plate with corn tortillas. The place can get busy & at times feels crowded but the freshness of the food & the great service make up for it.
Super awesome sevice, these guys took me in on a late afternood fixed my can in the same day and everyone was nice from the manager to the mechanic!!!
EXTREMELY disappointed in their burritos. The two that a friend and I ordered was filled with meat and barely anything else. The burrito was so limp I felt bad eating it. \nNever going back.
Good breakfast.  Food portions were good and tasty.  Good breakfast place, staff was very friendly.  Very \"family\" friendly.  Good spot for breakfast on a sunday.
Server was lazy. Noone here during NFL playoff game.  First impressions dont lie.  Food was good.  Out od three of my first choices of craft beer.  Dont bother.
Went to Uncle Sals last night for dinner with a bunch of friends.  We had a great time.  Friendly, gracious and efficient service.  The food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable.  We had everything from seafood to chicken.  Everyone raved about their entree.
Went in around 730pm & restaurant was dirty, chicken was dry, manager made excuses...salsa bar was trashed no salsa asked for side of salsa, they made me wait for them to restock bar while my food got cold.
Service was great food was awful they just switched to infrared ovens so if you liked the old fried food to bad. Stay away from the shrimp tacos yuck!
Amazing food!!!! Love the turkey wrap!!!!! But also everything on the menu is great!!! I am pretty addicted to the place now!!!
Finally affordable, amazing pizza has come to Green Valley.   Simple, fresh and simple ingredients. Crust that soft not soggy. Very friendly staff and 10 min for to go orders. I had the Roma and it was perfectly cooked and really flavorful.  The dine in area was clean, colorful and comfortable. I will definitely be back.
Signed up on the internet yesterday. Today, eating a full free breakfast and its good. Smartphone coupons,google it.
Ordered the basic nachos with a table of 9. They forgot the order. Everybody else are while they stated the basic nachos without meat took longer. Really?! Not very efficient or responsible. They are definitely not very attentive. We've been the only table at Tommy Rockers early Friday night.
This location is quite busy. Had a good deal on Big Mac's. Quick and easy food to pick up for the kids on the go ...
We go here religiously whenever we are craving Chinese take-out (which happens a lot!) I could imagine this place is overlooked but it seriously has some of the best food in town. Service is fast and the food comes out consistently great every time. Order the pork fried rice, you won't regret it.
Took the place of Baja Fresh all over the valley.  Really to bad.  The food we got during a non-busy time was cold and delivered at distinctly different times.  Food was at best presentable but the taste was unappealing.  The service was Ok to good but it cannot make up for average to poor food.
California crunch, Vegas , volcano, Philly and a shrimp tempura roll. The rolls were delicious. Service was a little slow when we first arrived but our waiter made it worth our while...Thank you Alex
Love your Taco Tuesdays! I go about every week. Servers are always very friendly and food comes out pretty quick.
Definitely a great spot to go to get a variety of beers, spirits, etc. The staff is generally knowledgable and helpful, and it is clean, bright, and appealing.\nThey have a small, but relatively well-stocked selection of loca wines, and they have Chartreuse (yum!)
Spazzing bartender started a shouting match with some friends of mine. If you like the smell of sewage over cigarette smoke, then this place is for you.
I was coaxed to replace the parts I did one year ago, and they did not tell me that they made liquid leaking. However, they finally fixed the problem.
Good food and good music.  Tuesday open mike night is a great time.  Friendly bartenders.  If you sit at the bar long enough you will get fed
Great food. Not over deep fried. Highly recommend.
Been here 4 times, always have an awesome steak. Get the chile rubbed ribeye. They are Always accommodating, letting us sit by the water. Foie gras is great. Wine list a little overpriced but ill let it go..
I thought the prices were very high, considering how the food tasted.  The restaurant itself reminded me of Applebees because of the decor - It was an \"okay\" experience, but I would probably not go back.
The beer selection is amazing.  That said, worst service I've ever had ever. The wait staff was actually rude.  For the first time in my life we actually cancelled the order and left.  Never again. \nBtw don't try to move a stool 3 ft left. You'll be attacked by the gestapo.
this casino sucks dont stay here worst customer service in the table games buffet also one of the worst anywhere
Great food, awesome bloody Maria, and amazing service. This was my first time here and I really liked it.  The waiter was great to me kids.
The chips and dip are AWFUL.  Don't bother... also agree they don't do well when they are busy.
Lunch or dinner, Wongs always delivers. Love this place! Has always been great and fast. It's kind of a dive place, but I do love my dive places.
Kimmie in photos is the best in customer service!  Just when we were wondering what happened to the concept of customer service, Kimmie and the manager restored our faith!
Loved the atmosphere and they had a great selection of draft beers. But the food was just okay.
Love this locals spot.  Wine pours are generous...atmosphere cozy..nice patio. One of my favorite spots!
Banzo falafel is good - no - excellent. Really freaking good. I am happy they exist and deliver. The tabouli was weird - like eating a mint plant. But back to the falafel, so good.
Service is terrible, food is well above average and amazing for the price. Often times you won't be able to get them on the phone, there's a reason for that.
This hotel is old and needs a lot of refurbishing.  The The decor is very old and looks very 70-ish not a great experience!  There is hundreds of places you can stay and get a better experience, you can stay in your car and get a better experience than staying at the Riviera!
Wish I could say anything good about this place, but alas, it fell short. Was looking for small place charm, but ended with large disappointment.
Great place, perfect stress relief mantra.\n\nThe masseurs are very professional and the place is very quiet.\n\nDefinitely recommend if you are looking for a good massage. \n\nPrice is also very reasonable. Definitely going back.
Fresh, tasty and consistent. We go there often.
I absolutely recommend this place. Great service, great food, great view, great people.
The appetizers are REALLY bad, but the entrees were fantastic and plenty of food.
Late lunch- Manhattan chowder too \"fishy\"-Fries taste like made from frozen- chicken guacamole sandwich good- service good - restaurant looks nice- will not be going back.
I do not usually frequent thift stores but needed some used books for a trip.\nFound out that this store donates to Safe Nest which put it on my list to stop in on occasion. Clean selection, nice help and obviously good prices. Stop in, good cause!
nasty old run down, the outise of it to- time to blow it up and remodel
Whack!!!  That's sums this place up in a big nutt shell.  They hold people up for now reason here... if you been to Club RA... its the same club... I rather shoot myself in the balls than waste my time waiting in line for this place.
Great experience. Very cozy restaurant. The food was great as was the service. Give it a try. But you should probably reserve in advance.
We tried this twice since it was in our hotel... it was kind of ghetto and trashy and the people weren't very friendly (we were basically told we couldn't stand anywhere except the dancefloor). Nice music and free drinks some nights but otherwise not worth it, there are so many better clubs closeby!
Pretty overpriced burgers! They are on the tasty side. The cashier was kind of rude and impatient even though we told her it was our first time there.\n\nBetween the price and the service I wouldn't go back.
Best wings I've ever had! Tavern style, grilled. The half baked cookie and ice cream is huge and amazing!!
5 Solid Stars!\n\nJean Philippe is always my first choice for desserts.  Everything looks so pretty absolutely pretty, professional and of course tastes excellent.
Scottish food with a modern twist. Friendly atmosphere. The service is very good. The only negative is smelling food on clothing when you leave.
Tried this place out and the food was ok, what concerned me was the cleanliness of the kitchen. The floor was really dirty, under the burners or stove seemed to have months of grease buildup etc. 50c extra to use debit or credit card btw.
The food at these shops is terrible. It is like eating airplane food. Salty, bland, thoughtless. Do yourself a favor, spend your money somewhere that cares a little about quality.
I usually come out here after the lunch hour rush. You would think its slow enough that you can be seated immediately. Not. 3 stars is all i can give.
Absolutely horrible. My sink has been overflowing onto my countertops and ruining my belongings multiple times. Management did not even apologize for my inconvenience.
Walmart is cool and all but customer service here sucks. Just needed help with electronics and couldn't find any.
The food here is so freaking good.  Totally a hipster place, but once you eat a Pasty, you will come back no matter what!  Just recently expanded too!
Great salsa bar!  The burritos hit the spot after a night of drinking.   My husband loves the lengua nachos.  The quesadillas are nice and cheesey. 4 stars because they have the BEST PICO!
Pretty good selection, many sized carried as well. The service was ok even there there was only one person I saw, and I really couldn't decipher if it was an SA or a customer. Definitely will return because if you're looking for a manolie, you should be able to find it here.
Best service ever. I am a fan of the afternoons. Friends, pool, and long islands. I've actually played pool all day here with Too$hort. He was very proper. Bartenders are all awesome especially Andrew, and Joe.
The largest selection of Asian and middle eastern goods in Madison. Plus, super cheap produce!
We always try to stop here on a hot day for a cool drink. We just get mixed drinks and they are always poured generously into a large cup for the same price as small drinks in a lot of other places. Service is not too bad but in a perfect world it would be a little faster.
Had their Kobe burger, sweet potatoe fries and a glass of wine. Good burger & fries. OK wine. It was busy when I was there but I think the server should have spent a little more time with each patron. Think the lamb burger at BLT is better!
They have a killer happy hour.  We usually get take out but dining in is good too.  I recommend the 4th of July pizza.  Good hot wings, cheese steaks, and grinders.  Always good service.  Killer happy hour.
Waited 10 minutes in DT for 3 sandwiches that were cold when I got them, the Mexican in the window only told me to have a good day when I asked what took 10 minutes for me to get my food... 3 other cars that ordered all drove off before I got my food! Horrible service and long wait times, cold food
The best food distributor in the valley....thats it
Dr. Hull is great but not great enough to overcome the poor treatment from the business office.  Don't ask for anything out of the ordinary like calling in a mail order script.  They are a well oiled machine and you are truly just a number there.
Food was great, service was bad. Waiter never came around, my drink was empty most of the time and wasn't getting refilled. Normally love this place. Wait staff was lacking, I really hope this won't be a normal occurrence.
Excellent service from the start. more to come on this later.
Incredibly cheap, chips & salsa are fresh & amazing, I've never had a complaint from anyone I've introduced to this majestic Mexican cuisine! If you want authentic Mexican food - this is your place!
good produce, nice variety. They are trying hard to be a viable alternative to the big supermarket. Not convinced that they are 'local' produce all the time but they do make an effort to bring in local products which is a good thing. Produce quality seems generally to be very good.
This is like Country Buffet Type food. No steaks, not enough seafood, no crab legs. . They couldn't even seat 13 people together. The food they had was below Vegas quality. Not coming back.
Exactly what you would expect from a Westin property. Nice decor, rooms are up to date, good location.\n\nThe lobby bar in a little unique with the waterfall thing.  I don't know how close the uptown restaurants are from a walking perspective but a nice place to stay and have a meeting.
Um, yuck. It was hot as hell, the food was okay and there were drunk people everywhere. No thanks.
Bad can get worse, Two Hippies started out OK with the burger shop and taco shop but everything else is not worth your time. Pizza and breakfast isn't where Hippies should be. Service was OK for a hippie, Food less then average. I'm glad to have had experienced it, that way i wont ever go back
Good -nice.  As much as I would expect anywhere - nice they had a Yelp coupon to use.
Stay away from this business. They will not respond to your calls or emails nor will they respond to TeamBuy when they try to contact them on your behalf. After waiting 32 weeks, they could not even deliver the 1st of 5 shirts paid for. Their storefront no longer exists.
Great, authentic German comfort food! The staff is courteous & friendly! I went there Saturday night and they even had a live accordion player. Excellent!!!
Outstanding hair cut, nail trim & ear cleaning service. Thank you Josh! We will use you from now on to care for our baby - and we will tell all our dog parent friends in the neighborhood to ask for you.
Meh....\n\nService was SLOW... with at least half a dozen people behind the bar and only two capable of making drinks it seemed... Cocktails were nice but just. so. slow. to. be. made...\n\nBramble instead please.
This place is always packed and a good time. Very open environment.
Not review for this location.\n\nThe bathroom was so gross and small. GROSSSSSS! I thought I would give local coffee a support. Too disappointed!
Food was all good even tho I'm not much of a buffet person.  Good quality.  Went there for dinner and their sea bass was very good!\n\nDidn't like the long wait to get in tho!
If there's a Caucasian man working the window check your bag & change . Meal was 6.48 gave him 20.03 & got back 13.51 u do the math also ask for hot sauce didn't receive any . When I brought up the missing change this customer was wrong until I helped him with his math
I think we may have picked the wrong day or the wrong time of day to visit. It was like dining in a school lunchroom. Noisy, table was dirty when we sat down, and food, which was mediocre at best, was slow to come out. On the upside, the staff was very friendly!
It's fun, but not as fun as Kennywood. The boardwalk food is a bit too far from the wave pool and that makes for a lot of shoes on/shoes off events. The lazy river could be much better. I did like the water slides and the Potato Patch fries, as well as the scenic location.
Wow, this place is awful. I unfortunately saw this as two stars on kayak. It's a lot more like 0.0. If you have a choice. DONT DO IT.
Awesome place to get your hair done try there voucher
Love this place! Born and raised in AZ and the best Mexican food in the Valley! The beans are delish abc the service is great, Margarita are only $1.75 all day everyday \n\nI get the chicken  flautas
Bar service is good, lots of televisions to watch and not too loud.  Good vibe.
I was very happy with Sun Valley, their high level of professionalism and the way they treated me. I was given help and guidance which made the process so much easier. \n\nMy card has just been approved and it only took 6 business days. I will come here again next year for my renewal. Thanks Sun Valley!
Great service.....but mediocre food. The kale juice was a rip-off...diluted and glass full with ice. The humus dip was too sour with lemon....and the buffalo burger was salty!
Least cool club in Vegas.  I have been there different nights - not a fan.\n\nPeople - meh, drinks fine, ambiance whatever.... Its Vegas! Blow me away.  Why anyone would pay to get in here blows me away.
Kyle was very helpful in the drive through and overall a nice kid. Three stars for his service, Taco Bell is Taco Bell. I don't think a yelp review is necessary in determining the food quality
Their food is really good! I especially love their carne asada tacos. Their customer service and staff have never done anything positive to stand out. I have not had any bad experiences, nor have I had any positive ones either. On the whole, don't come and expect super customer service, but expect delicious food!
It's a grocery store! A decent one at that. Need I say more?
Great specialty coffee/liquor  drinks.
This place is great!! Lizeth was awesome. Had an issue with stock sales in 2011. She looked everything over for free. Nothing she could do as far as taxes but she gave me all the info I need to solve my problem. Very efficient and prompt. Thanx Lizeth!!! I highly recommend this business.
friendly and helpful staff!\n\ngreat prices.\n\nso many different flavors to try!
I visited the store last week before St Patrick's Day. I spent 3 hours in there! It was so much fun! 2 gentlemen helped me & they were so much fun! Love this store!!
I've been going here for quite some time. I love their lunch buffet.  They make the best saag in town. I'll go just for the saag and a piece of naan. Its like butter.
It's definitely for the budget oriented folks visiting vegas. I got my room for $25 a night. The welcoming staff lady was awesome and informative. oh yea, stay away from the buffet.
How ridiculous, soft opening? Looked at website after I got there, it says they open at 4pm and sign on door says they open at 5pm. They need to figure this out, maybe I'll think about coming back. But with the reviews so far, doesn't seem like anyone should bother to waste time and money.
Great Ambiance, Courteous & Helpful Service, Good Food at Great Price.\nHad a lazy late lunch here and was pleasantly surprised with the warmth of the staff. The place and some guests tend to get a little loud but that's alright.\nGood fun.
Just ate there tonight. Everything was excellent. Veggies were fresh an believe them when they something is spicy. The staff were friendly and helpful.
El Segundo Sol has great food, drinks and atmosphere. I really enjoy going to this place when I am in town. I love the guacamole and fresh made chips! Yum! The service might not be the best I have ever had, but I would definitely recommend this place for a quick bite to eat, lunch or dinner!
This visit I used a debit card and was charged a..50 debit fee. This is a pretty steep fee compared to what processors charge restaurants. There was not a sign giving notification of.the fee. I have to remove a star.
Unfortunate, been with AT&T for only 3 months and 2nd time been to store. All associates (except Ursula) seemed like they were being inconvenienced. C'mon AT&T. Hire people who genuinely want to help out
returned to the salon 5 hours after getting a goopy mani and a painful pedi that were still sticky (nearly all the neutral color bottles were practically empty) , requested a refund and was refused. was told this is normal? worst nail salon experience i've ever had. would never go back.
Beautiful restaurant in the Ritz Carlton. Had hamburger & fries. Attending business conference at the Ritz.
Great price for a decent and quick car wash.  Love the location sadly I won't be going back since all of the quarters disappeared out of my console while they were washing / detailing it.  Not a feel good to be tipping someone that has already tipped themselves.
A total disappointment.  Met with the owner, got a bid and authorized the work and they never came back.  Multiple calls and emails - they never responded.  Extremely unprofessional.\n\nBrian in Sun Lakes
Too many people to do the kind of workouts I . And it doesn't matter what time of day you go.   I have to be there 4 am and be done by 5 to because it gets too busy. Like the health bar and that's about it.
Great customer service.  Always get you in and out as quickly as possible.   Employees are on top of issues and polite.
Not bad. Not great. But its ok. Great spot for Suns or D-backs game though.\nThere aren't many options downtown, so you could do worse. \nI like the big screen TVs they have.  The chicken chipotle pasta was good.
Unimpressed. We ordered takeout from here on valentine's day. Portion size left much to be desired. The chicken in both our pad see ew and panang curry was very dry and chewy.
This particular Starbucks can get quite busy thanks to the students from two different schools (Pitt and CMU). The service doesn't tend to suffer, and the staff is very experienced, just don't count on getting a seat!
Had the eggs benedict in the bistro and the home fries. Both were out of this world. It's pretty pricey for breakfast and service was a little stuffy which is what kept it from 5 stars but it's pretty darn good food.
Took a very long time for us to be noticed by any employees when we entered. We actually had to walk up to the counter to be noticed.\n\nThe cooks weren't afraid of cursing (we can hear them loudly from the kitchen) but the food was alright.
Service was great, food was great.  Was pleasantly surprised since I had not had a great stay at the hotel.   I had no really low expectations but needed to eat before catching a flight.  Would totally recommend and dine again. We had the mixed trio and the Chilean sea bass, dessert  bread pudding highly recommend
Great Chinese. I think it was a bit over-hyped for me, and so I was let down a bit, but it's better than anything else I've had in Chambana.
Customer service suck !!! I would like to give 3 stars to the foods , not too bad , price and foods are average ! But the customer service totally ruin it . Seriously the waitress just ruin it .
when i went to this improv i wasn't really sure what to expect, we went to the ten o'clock show and dispite there not being a big turn out of people in audence, the performers did a good job and made it entertaining. It would have been better if they sold beer there
Food is great, service is so so, and prices are a little high.
Love when their coupons come out.  Saves a bunch on money.  This Del Taco is clean and new.  Staff are pretty cool and efficient.  I just don't like the wait in drive thru
There's nothing not to like about $.85 fountain drinks, especially in the summer.
Not to stay, no way.\nThe people there are scary!!!\nIt is only good for gambling.
Love jersey mikes! Location is great, service is great, food is great... They have a great little area to sit outside...
I have never gotten an order correct from this specific McDonald's. I'm not sure what the problem is, but it is never, ever right. It is never quick. The staff is always rude. After trying at least 12-15 times over the past year, I've finally given up hope on this place. Do not recommend.
By far the worse food I ever had the displeasure of ordering and eating.  I think I should have just ordered the ice cubes and a napkin; those two items are the only things that even deserve a star on Yelp.
For a food court fast food vegan style establishment, I have to admit it was great. The chicken greek salad was delicious and I paired it with the Moroccan gazpacho. I should have other one or the other, the salad alone was huge; enough for two to share.
places like this make me vomit. A dingy, shady, dark tunnel claiming to be a \"boutique hotel\" with tacky art reproductions reprinted on canvas. Not to mention, the creepy/sleezy folk that frequent this place. Another birth place for VD's is what I call it.
I had a wonderful day of relaxation. I recevied a European facial, and Swedish massage. Both ladies who did my treatment were professional, and took their time. My skin is so smooth and face is glowing. I will definantly return to Serenity Spa.
This isn't a five star hotel, but the value was good for what we paid. The hotel room was quiet and well air-conditioned. They upgraded us to a suite when only a smoking room was available.
What a disappointment.  Terrible service, no bread until requested three times, bland unseasoned food and 16 bucks for a salad. Pass on this place. Only the valet was worthwhile.
Bagels don't get better than this!  If there's better, please tell me where. Go for the standard. Sesame. When these things are right out of the oven they are a slice of heaven!  I go out of my way in a cab to get here whenever I get to Montreal.
This is where I usually go when visiting downtown. The atmosphere is great. I think its what makes this place. Its dark with a fireplaces and brick walls. There is also a dance floor and dj in the back. Last time I got a pretty rude bartender though. Only negative thing I have to say.
Hole in the wall
While the theater is nice and their Minute Maid Smoothies are amazing, their food is a disappointment. I ordered chicken strips and ended up getting something that tasted like it was microwaved from McDonalds. C'mon. At least hire some real chefs.
One of the best burgers I have ever eaten ... it was impossible to eat only once in this place. Also ask potato with cheddar .... is too !!
Love this place.  Their appetizers are yummy and they have a great selection for their tasting menu.  I've been here a couple of times now and have enjoyed myself every time.  It's a great place for date night or to spend an evening with friends.  Highly recommend!
Their benedicts are awesome!  Both are very good as are the momosas.  Will be back for sure!
Honestly not the best. I ordered the beef rice, shrimp and garlic chicken. The only item I liked was the rice. The shrimp had more vegetables then shrimp. There wasn't that much garlic chicken. The hot and spicy soup was atrocious.  Very disappointed with the food.
Been here a few times when I used to live in Maricopa. I heard people have gotten sick here before. Hasn't happened to me. But the buffet makes me pretty sleepy afterwards.\n\nFood is pretty good
best place ever my home away from home
Ordered, 2 pizzas at 6:58pm, it's 9:06pm and still not delivered.  I was pleased the last time with the pizza, but to wait over 2 hours for a pizza is ridiculous.
Just had a ICE COLD BUD. And the linguini with clams was GREAT.\nStaff was very friendly.\nHighly recommend this place especially if you are done with the normal bar bulls**t.
We tried several different tequilas and margaritas..not only were they all great the tacos were excellent. The little waitress was very friendly and checked on us pretty regular...we will be back!
The room was nice, and the bed was very comfortable. However, the walls were VERY thin. We heard way too much from the couple next to us very late in the evening.
Love zia records. They always have great deals on cds, blu rays and whatnot. The staff is always very helpful and kind.  I highly recommend for about anything you are looking for.
Very good service from our waiter, reception girl pretty blah. Food was very mediocre especially for the price they charge. Out of 9 people at our table no one was impressed by the food in fact they removed one persons meal from the bill altogether.
The old reliable restaurant is not the same . The prices had gone up by couple of dollars. The  eggs very oily . The hash browns were way overcooked.  Only decent item was the bacon. Even the toast was overcooked.
buffet was lousy couldn't talk to anyone who worked there nobody spoke english kids running around nobody saying anything to them there are plenty of buffets in vegas don't waist your money at texas station buffet
The manager in the restaurant speak nothing to us and then no smile ,  the food is ok ,the restaurant is clean but a very bad service ,I can't understand how can u open a restaurant like that and say nothing to your costumer
While the frozen hot chocolate my sound appealing and interesting, I have to say it just doesn't live up to it's hype. I was very disappointed that I had to wait 45 mins to try something that tastes like Ovaltine with ice. Definitely didn't leave a happy camper!
Mmmmmm\n\nCheap mall teppanyaki\n\nFor 6 bucks and twice the quality of the panda express of the next door I'm happy\n\nGet the chicken though, the beef is a disappointment\n\nAlso fried rice!
Good value for a casino restaurant.  My friends are Chinese and they like it as do I although we rarely get the dim sum so I can't comment.  Get the palms card and order the daily special then you are getting some serious value
you cannot compare how you feel after a great meal that is raw and vegan.   the lunasagna and fresh local salad with a coconut Chai makes for a great dinner, but you have to follow it with a slice of raw carrot cake.  fantastic double layered dream.
so close....\nif you want to see lions up close and personal and all for free, head to the lion habitat at the MGM.  The reviews and pictures speak for themselves.
Hands down, BEST BURGER in Phoenix. Meet your girlfriends here for lunch when you're ready to go off your diet, and definitely order the donuts- but not to share. Heavenly.
Salad works didn't work.  \nIt's gone already :(
I love this salon! I have been going here for over a year now and every time I have a wonderful experience. Addie is my expert colorist that always does an amazing job. She is very thoughtful with our consultations in the beginning of the appointments and the finished results of my hair are exactly what we talked about. I highly recommend Addie!
The new young lady manager is awful. My kid got hurt in their store and all she could ask me was could I fill out some paperwork for her instead of how my child was and if medical attention was needed.
You can't beat it for the prices and they have specials most every day.  Sometime its just amazing and other times it's just OK.  But when two people can eat for less than $8.00 its not a bad joint.
Bailey Mallory is a great hair stylist . Love this place and how she cuts and colors my hair ! Great place, atmosphere, and products !!
Disgusting!  If you go into the kitchen, you will never eat at this place.  Dirty Dirty Dirty!
Kinda small, but good variety of vendors.
This was an average buffet offering. One of our party became ill after eating some seafood here. Not really anything sticks out in my mind as being great.
Awesome rides!!!!! Both children and adults rides were terrific! We went on a Friday and there were no lines! What more can you ask for?
Pastrami, fries AND coleslaw in a sandwich?! What more do you want? It was like a party in my mouth with all the great flavors without being too greasy or over seasoned.  Goes perfect with some hot sauce by the way.
Great sushi. Fish very fresh and tasty. Nice little restaurant in Arcadia. Went with a group attending the same conference. Ordered several different kinds of rolls and a few other dishes to share. Would definitely recommend.
Ok.... This is by far the place to go if you want authentic local food.  Their ox tail is to die for and their Chantilly cake and cocoa puffs just like liliha on Oahu.  I'm very picky when in comes to food...... And I rate this the best!
They have a fabulous happy hour and delicious sushi!!! One of my favorite places, definitely worth a try!
Great service, beer selection, and cozy atmosphere.  Avoid the pretzels and house brats.  Maybe i got an old pretzel but quality control is badly needed there.  Bratwurst was way too modern and did not taste good.  Stick with traditional German food and i will come back.
gotta rollator walker from them.exactly what i needed and they take medicaid. they rock.
This place I great! I've been twice now and it's  clean and consistent. They are always friendly and do great gel pedis and mani's. I've sent numerous friends and always get lovely feedback.
Chicken fried steak more like chicken fried doodoo, nastiest chicken fried steak I ever had in my life. I'll stick to the breakfast menu.
Will not be returning due to flavorless food. We used the sauces on the table and still tasted bland. The noodles seemed reheated and stale. Not an enjoyable experience.
they take kinda long but that is because they make sure your corndogs are fresh and delicious.
Not the greatest tonight the quality is just a bit off.
Dazbog Coffee is locate inside The Great Indoor and serves really good coffee. As I've said in my other review, I come here a few times a week and always enjoy the folks behind the counter and the pastries. They also have a flat screen tuned usually to the Food Network or the Golf Channel.
Horrible service the bar tender\" if that's what u call him\" took forever to bring me a drink, by the way I was the only one there. Food might have been microwaved. Not sure if I will b back. I guess fantasy football is more important than customer service.
Cocktails, Dim Sum and main courses were all excellent! Desert was a ok. Would like to go back soon!
Best deal around. Steak, baked potato, green beans for $7.99. Large piece of beef too, no skimping. Grace, our server was delightful!
It is exactly what it says it is - mini golf in the dark! If you like mini-golf then you'll love this! Good fun if you go with a group of people but I can't imagine going more than once.
Breakfast 2 for \u00a311 sounds good, but the food was small in portion and plastic in texture. Service was okay, but the quality of food was below expectation.
Not worth the wait if you go with a big party.
The men's room was SUPER nasty.\n\nThe service was good...and the food was hot.
Just found out about this farmers' market this summer and it is awesome. Now if I have a hankering for local veggies/plants/fruits/baked goods on a weekend, this is my spot to go. Tons of parking and a good selection. This is so much easier than wandering around the crowded Dane County Farmers' Market.
I got the cutest glasses & the friendliest service here...
This place has amazing food. Good customer service, tasty food and reasonable prices.
Slow service, didn't take my Yelp coupon, Food was good. Very nice atmosphere, but I barely ever saw or heard from my waiter. I would not recommend if you don't have a lot of time to eat.
Dunkin Donuts coffee, I love you. I wish you'd move just one state over to the west and expand here in California. Ah, true happiness...
Neat!! This place has the most random set up as you will find in other reviews. Menu is all organic, our bar tender/ server was very entertaining. The location was a bit hole in the wall, but once inside very worth it!
chicken buns werent good. egg custard tart not good. ham and cheese bun not good.
I love Mellow Mushroom. Wish they had these in California. I always, always order the Sourdough twisted pretzels with a side of red sauce Turbodog Beer Cheese! It is heaven!! \n\nGreat, great beer selection! You will not go wrong.
#7 Dandan noodles were ok. Little flour taste to then. Over all ok. The manager shoved me and called me am asshole after waiter spilled and broke glasses on the person I was dinning with!  He could use some anger management courses.
Leah Joy is simplyamazing! The best blow outs and the best at hair coloring too!!
Friendly staff , some items are better than others.  Did not like the salad, the veggie pasta was bland. The Korean short ribs were thin strips of tough meat. \nBurgers, chicken wings, French fries, chicken fingers good.
i love that you can bring your animal inside the store! so many times you purchase items and wonder if the animal will like it or it fits. \n\nThe selections are huge for all types of needs for many different animals! the prices are usually reasonable! just wish I wasn't so far away from these stores
I ordered a gyro, it smelled like a gyro, but when I got home I realized they forgot the gyro :( \n\nInstead I got a side of gyro meat & rice. I at e a little bit & the meat wasn't bad, but alas, I needed something more!
Horrible service. . I am accustomed to being told of sushi bar specials and chef's recommendations.if  you want cheap bad service ..this is then your spot. . DON'T WASTE YOUR  TIME...
I will be back that is for sure. The selection of toys is EXCELLENT and so were the prices.  My puppy fell in love with his new toys and bed. The staff was very friendly and helpful when I asked for advice on a particular type of toy I was looking for.
Beautiful. Clean. Relaxing. Friendly staff. Expensive all around and over priced food and drink. But overall a wonderful resort and I will go back! You can shuttle to the casino where there is a 24/7 cafe with reasonably priced delicious food.
Their bagels are great, but the place is packed on weekend mornings. Service is still quick even when it is busy though.
I don't know why so many people give bad reviews to Chen Wok. It's one of my favorite chinese places in Surprise and has been for years. They have a large variety of food and huge portions! I have literally never been disappointed with my order from here. Plus, they deliver. Who doesn't love that?
I'm so in love with their chicken pot pie. This little hidden gem is inside the Golden Gate hotel & casino. The atmosphere is very quaint and the food is home cooking at its finest. The portions are pretty big, and can definitely share with someone if you're on a budget.
Awesome food, their cheese curds are the bomb!!! Great drinks, great food at a decent price. Lots of energy, especially when there is any games being played on their t.v.s\n\nIf you want a fun local place to go to, check out Temple!
Of all the places I ate while I was in Vegas, this place had the best food by far. The staff was extremely polite, the beer selection was even pretty good for a \"classier\" restaurant. I highly recommend checking this place out if you're in the area.
Was here over the weekend.  The doormen have a little bit of attitude and they could use a few more bartenders.  Other than that the music and crowd were great.  Check it out one night and you'll have fun.
Food is adequate. Service is good. But everything is way over priced. Go to a Firefly instead. Half the price; better menu and the tapas is exquisite.
I had 2 of my favorite shoes worked on there - both sets of heel tips needed to be replaced. Fast work, shoes look great. So happy to have them back.
NT
I totally agree with the reviewer that said many of the staff were awkward and overbearing!  Are they trained to act like this or are they all medicated?  The sandwiches are good, but I don't want to answer all your questions not related to the sandwich you're making for me.  Kinda weird!
Great food!!!  Good lunch specials.
great food, friendly staff, great management. They make me feel like family. I recommend the Mahi Mango Sandwich for lunch, the Hawaiian Gone Fishing and Drunk Shrimp apps and their rice, beans, salsas and homemade sauces are wonderful.
This place is as bad to be expected! \n\nEssentially a warehouse stuffed with random fabric scraps, ribbon and assorted accessories. \n\nTo be honest, you better come here on a scavenger hunt, or else you will be disappointed!
The noise was just uncomfortable due to construction which starts at 6am and goes on the whole day.  Also, you can hear hallway noise, your next door neighbor and above you.  The room is not properly sound proof.  The aircondition unit was right next to one of the beds.  Cold/Hot air just blows on you.
One of my favorite stores in Vegas due to it's style and affordable prices!
This place is pretty awesome. It's a tiny place and it gets packed but the drinks are good and the people are pretty awesome as well. It's another awesome dive and find in the Old Town area.
I was disappointed.   My shrimp showed signs of freezer burn.  Not up to the standard i expect from Bubba Gump.
Rundown armpit.\nRotten gas station chic in the Men's room.\nThe duct tape holding the mirror on the wall was a nice touch.
Grimaldi's pizza is good but over priced.
Great food and a great atmosphere!  I have been celiac for about a year now and TWCG has a great gluten-free menu too!  \n\nLove it!\n\nDr. Michael L. Johnson
Good pizza, but not near worth the price.  3 medium signature pizza's delivered was over $50.  They cut it different.  THin crust was the best.
This place has the best Le Cirque  on the planet. i once waited an hour in line, but was happy to do so because the food is so insanely good.
I had the brisket & pastrami. most ny type deli's will cost you as you know deli's are never Cheap but this one offers a big sandwich that taste great and will not send you to the penny slots after you pay the bill. The soup was good I will be back
Sorry but the sushi here did not hold a candle to Seattle sushi- specifically Sam's Sushi in Seattle. The Unagi at the MGM was cold and tough on my Dragon roll.
Totally worth the price of admission.
Great Service, awesome employees who always seem to remember you, clean & cozy.
Very standard Buffalo Wild Wings location. I have experienced both good and bad service here, so it's hit or miss. On our most recent visit, the service was good and they kept the drink refills coming, which is key when I kick up the spice level.
With their name the chips and salsa has to be good and they delivered. Best chips I have ever eaten. I got the beef \nchimichanga . The beef was so tender and delicious. Got the churro dessert and it was awesome. Friendly wait staff. I would highly recommend!
On the rare occasions thst I go to Mill this is always a staple. The staff is friendly and eager to assist. And the selection is good and varied.
Nancy, in the front office, was a complete witch to me during my few visits to Waterfront Dentistry.\n\nToo bad Nancy runs the roost around there. She needs ANGER MANAGEMENT classes!!! Glad I never have to go back!
Service on a sat night was slow but the oysters were fantastic!
The service is always slow but the food is always good! Fresh, healthy, good portions.
Bad. Ass. Sandwiches!\nIf you're looking for a downright phenomenal sammie, go here now!\nCapriotti's has been knocking it out of the park in Vegas for Decades. \nI love this place!
Food and beer have been great for years, I heard they have a new manager so I went back to try out. Service is great now.
Have to come here at least once during each of my Vegas trips. Filet mignon and lobster tail is amazing. Stone Crab legs are to die for! Great service to boot! Worth every penny! And it is very expensive.
Let me just say this. The food was so good, I wanted to drive back and slap them. Wow! This place is a keeper forever. They special made us carne Asada fries even though it's not on the menu. Dino, we love you!
Let me start off by saying waxing sucks no matter what, but Jeannie at Pretty Kitty makes it bearable! She is really nice and does the job quick. I have always been in and out in less than 10 minutes.
It's your average pizza chain. You know what you're going to get. Online ordering makes it easy, and if the Dbacks win the previous night, using code DBACKS50 will get you 50% off original prices. That's the only time I will order from here.
Great little local cafe with awesome breakfast and lunches. they also have great pastries, cookies and cakes.
The food wasn't bad but customer service was....
Overall good food and location!
Well service sucked I had a group of people took 10min for some one to get to are table I had to get management to get involved not a good experience
I know.... Everyone LOVES Ians.  For me they're little better than OK.  I wait in line with no guarantee of getting a seat and they reheat my slice and the crust gets too hard to cut with their cheap plastic knives.  I just don't see the appeal.
It's the cutest restaurant in town with great service and fun menu.  Only problem is as other Sam Fox restaurants the food was quite salty.
My first time and I must say I was really happy with my eyebrow wax! Her name is Sarah, I recommend you go and see her :-)
Service is friendly but slow. Understaffed...food was okay but pretty bland. Cheesecake was awful. We will not be back.
I love the spicy chicken sandwich, also the iced tea/lemonade mixture I usually get instead of soda. The waffle fries are usually awesome when they are fresh out of the fryer... unfortunately the batch I got yesterday were cold and tasted like an ashtray. The dog enjoyed them, though.
Its what you would expect the Hard Rock to be.\nIn fact it's pretty funny just seeing the types of people it attracts. \nThe rooms were well done, and the bed was comfy.
If you love authentic street tacos, this place is a must try!  Their enchiladas are also awesome and the carne asada is fantastic too.  If you're going for lunch during the week, I would recommend calling in your order.  They are usually very busy during that time.
The food is great. The service is awful and slow.
This place is douchebag central.\n\nYou go in and iif you are not dressed like a punker then you are ignored or ridiculed from a distance.  I heard there is a room in the back for after hours sex acts but that may be a pseudo rumor the same way this is a pseudo place.
Good dim sum. Average selection with everything u would expect but nothing g to really set it a part either.
That was so much fun!!
Fantastic food, service, and atmosphere. Prices are very reasonable. Private parties are superb.
Never order for delivery!! Ordered and they never showed up. Don't know how the food taste because I never received it.
I was recommended to Cochise and wish I could take back time and have made another decision... I am disappointed to say the least from both the care my animal received and the customer service I encountered. So much more I could offer but strongly suggest considering other local options for your pet(s) needs!
Pros:\n   Really good waffles\n   Chickens was alright\n   Awesome Lemonade\n   Good Service\nCons:\n   Could get packed might be a wait
Was on vacation in Az this past weekend, enjoyed our stop here with the family. The staff are super nice & the banana splits are out of this world.. yummyl
I had the The Reuben. Excellent meat and at a good price. The friendly staff were on point and the place was clean. French fries were frozen! Beautiful house made deli and some bagged shoestrings.
Love this thrift shop!! I got about 11 items for $26! The cashier even rang my items up more discounted that I thought!! Very organized and clean everywhere. Things are usually separated well by sizes, nothing mixed up and you don't have to hunt as much as a regular thrift store! Will be back!
Good for a fast lunch. Had the gyro and added feta. Gyro was fine. Bottle of coke had icy slush in it.
Fuzion is now under new management !!!!\n- UNDERGROUND FITNESS!! \n\nLove the new owner, the changes made to the space are awesome - so much more room!!! \n\nHIGHLY recommend!!! :)
Another great meal Saturday night at Roosters. The Duck Confit was amazing, also the P\u00e2t\u00e9 and Fried Oysters. Grilled Corn and Saut\u00e9 Mushrooms topped it off! Only draw back is the noise level.
Bland, uninteresting and uninspiring calzones, and at $12-13 apiece, a poor value. I won't patronize this place again - subsidizing mediocrity merely perpetuates it.
This hospital does more than you know for our community. Maricopa Medical Center  delivers superior care to the uninsured and insured alike.  This facility is involved in training new physicians and nurses.
Absolutely no service, had to to find our own extra napkins, ketchup, and hot sauce. A server never came by our table, we put our dirty plates on the table next to us. Also the food was ok at best, next time I'll save $10 and get better food and service and the Orleans buffet.
Super yummy and the crepes are amazing!
Happy to have found this gem on Yelp! First timers in Montreal. Great location. Warm inviting intimate ambience with delicious food and hearty cocktails. And great service from Carla. What else do you want?
Daytime drinking, and I was one of five people in the bar and I felt like I was an inconvenience to the bartender.  The bathroom smelled weird, like a mix of sewage and cheap men's cologne.  I don't know what has changed since it was rto's, but it is  a downgrade.
A huge mess. This is worse than the Marshall's by my house. (See review)
I love this location. I love the salad bar, the hot food bar, the wine selection, and everything in between. Definitely my favorite location in the valley. Being in the same complex as Trader Joes, Snooze, and Yogurtology doesn't hurt either.
Looking back at it, nothing was horrible at Caffe Giorgio but nothing was even slightly memorable. I really wish I ate at Burger Bar again instead.
Don't waste your time going to Liquid, just hang out at the ARIA pool.  The bartenders at Liquid were really slow and rude. Also, the pool was really small. I recommend Wet Republic instead.
The menu touts meat, however, both the meat dishes I ordered were....a bit lacking on the protein front. It smells great though. The place is small, but the ordering process is fast. The wait staff can be a tad slow (five minutes to get a coke), but they are relatively nice.
Wonderful staff, always helpful. \nVery clean rooms. Quiet. Good location. \nNice gym. \nFree wi-fi
Can't beat the price\nFor 5 bucks!!\nThe service is  better than some fine dining  restaurants in same complex .
Some great Thai food at  a very reasonable price. The chicken satay is amazing and the Kang Karee is really good too . And they have some of the best soups I have ever tried. This is definately a place to try for some high quality authentic Thai cuisine.
Love coming here. Great food and prices on drinks!! Plus women's restroom is very nice and clean. Wasn't expecting this since most bars have less than par restrooms. So ladies besides a great welcoming bar that all can enjoy, you may piss in comfort :)
Good grub!!
I absolutely love this parish.  I have tried out many other churches in the Valley and am,most comfortable here.  I even plan on serving by lectoring!  Everyone is the nicest and helpful!  Im so happy to become a life long parishioner!!!
l eat here weekly the place is clean and people are  friendly  food is absolutly delicious but i just dont know why everytime the price is different.i got exactly same Sandwich everytime but different employees charges different,  the prices have gradually increased from $7 toal most$10 i wish everytime they charge the same Price.
Nice clean restaurant and really really fresh food.  everything is made to order from when you order, and brought out to your table.  there is no waiter service, it's walk up, order and delivery to the table.\n\nI'll go back.
I wish it was free to shop here because they have everything under the sun and in bulk!
So good
Tickets to the Jim Belushi show said ONE FREE DRINK ANY CASINO BAR. \nBartender said only well or domestic beer. What a rip off!! Never again!
I was in town visiting my mom and we got takeout from this location. We ordered Mongolian beef, spicy shrimp and shrimp egg foo young. It was edible but I thought the portions were small and the food was bland.  The egg foo young was weird--very small and tasted like a veggie burger.
make sure you go to the free showstoppers show and see the dolly parton, tina turner, elvis and four tops look-a-likes sing their hearts out! non-alcoholic drinks are just $2.50 (2 drink minimum required) and there are delicious $5 drink specials
Love the Jamba Juice on Rainbow,, the team there is so sweet and friendly.  Apple n Greens all the way!
Best Breakfast I've had in Las Vegas...Huge portions !!! It can feed 3 people easy! Sage Chicken Eggs Benedict-- awesome!! huge pancakes and they are good too... The service is great!  Very friendly staff!  Would love to came back here again!
The bread here is 1 star and when you have a sub place the bread is very important to a sandwich.  The meats are so so. I would much rather go to Jimmy johns for the same amount.
The pizza is well prepared, the atmosphere great. The pizza tastes sweet like someone's family recipe suggested they add sugar. Wow, to pizza? But I don't like pineapple on my ham either. Service was good.
Sadly, not many vegan options. Can get better Thai elsewhere in the same neighborhood.
Everytime i come here theres never bobba! And they take forever to make sandwiches :/ save your money and time, go to the one on eastern and 215.
Employees are not friendly but the view makes up for it.  It is a short ride to the top of Mt Washington for one of the best views in the city
Awesome happy hour and awesome bbq and food!! Has a great patio to boot
solid food, good service.
I have been going here for many years . Love the time sandwich bit they do not have meals any longer and price is going up. Still better than any other Gyro place in town.
This is our \"go-to\" place for Mexican. Best taste and by far most authentic around. If you don't like real Mexican food feel free to stop at the taco bell next door.
The food was decent but not warm or hot at all. They charge you for things and don't tell you about it beforehand. The service is poor, you have to call them for service.
Found this cozy little pub inside the Riviera Hotel with a great serving staff. We got the Fish and Chips with excellent flaky cod and crunchy batter. A South African spiced beef Bobotie Pie that leaves a ting in your mouth. Really love the music video showing on the big screen behind the bar.
Best Service on the planet. Always friendly and always fresh product. The drive thru  staff are always energetic and thoughtful.
There is a juicy bar behind the main door, They have many many different smoothies. Soo great I never tried it before it's incredible and fresh I have tried the coconut milk with mango and pineapple , so glad that I saw it...
Not a bad spot, but it tries to be too \"California\" chic. Food isnt bad, but overpriced.
The only thing I like is the decor. Otherwise, the food is bad and overpriced. I would rather go to subway then pay $7 for a small and poorly made sandwich.
Our first time eating here and it was definitely a decent place for breakfast. Although the eggs were a little bland like some of the other reviewers say it was still good enough to finish! I would have expected more from the egg stand point, but everything else we had was good. Decor is awful but to each their own!
Theresa & Don are the best, Don does amazing on my nails....Theresa best nail designer
Barely mediocre bar food.  Our beers were warm and the food was blah and greasy.  I've had better food from a fast food joint and at half the price.  Not worthy of a return.
There's not much to say about this Walgreens... it's a drugstore in the North end of town. Not crazy shady, they do have a security guard on staff during operation hours. The drive-thru pharmacy does take a hella-long time though :/
not really good at all. i enjoyed the sex and the city slot machine outside of the restaurant much more than the actual food.
Awesome personalities!
Very nice looking store. Over 80 flavors of juice from multiple makers. Good selection of batteries from multiple manufacturers. Friendly service.
When I'm looking for an little extra TLC when eating out, this is the place where waitresses  treat you like a part of the family.  Excellent food, huge portions and fast service.  Love their Blueberry pancakes!
The sushi is just barely above average.  The service from the wait staff is good, but the sushi chefs themselves border on rude.  Super inexpensive.  If you need a sushi fix, don't care about the service, and are poor, then this is for you.
The worst photo studio I have ever been too. They treat you so rude and they are always late. They have no sense of time. Will never recommend this place for anyone. So fucking bad!!
Horrible service, 30 minutes to get dry steaks and it was not even crowded in the restaurant! What a waste of money to dine here! Trust me people do not waste your time or money at Sonoma unless you want your night ruined
Good thing DJ AM isn't around anymore, cuz I'd slap him for founding this club if he was.\n\nThis club is where losers in their early 30's go to try to remember what it felt like to be care-free in 1999.
This place is closed. Don't do what we did which is see its only a mile from the strip and walk it only to find out they're closed. Wa wa waaaaaaaa.
We drive by this strip mall frequently so thought we'd try Tosinos.  Completely forgettable, average food that tastes like it might have been frozen.  We won't be back.  I recommend you drive up Power to McKillips and eat at Senior Tacos instead.
Good breakfast, mash browns are the bomb. Good coffee, great bread. Great ambience, variety of breakfast meat in the MTO was plentiful. Find them before everybody else does, and everybody else will!
Terrible service, messy lobby, chickens obviously been cooked a long time ago but still being served. Avoid like the plague!
Second visit to this restaurant.  Even better than the first.  Great drinks (Smoked Rita is divine).  Great Food.  Great Service.  I highly recommend.
The room is very comfy and the hotel service is great.  Very pretty and the shopping mall inside is awesome.  The location is good too since it's next to Paris and Bellagio.  Price is great.  Highly recommended :)
The sweet potato tater tots are heaven and the siracha pb and j burger is my fave, soo good :)
I would rather eat Digiorno!
Yukkkkkkk. Everything tastes frozen, wings were disgusting...go to Hooters or The Hub for wings. Service was amazing-I will give them that. But I wouldn't come close to another Buffalo wild wings for the rest of my life. EVER
Famous Dave's is kind of like the McDonalds of barbeque.  You know exactly how it's going to taste.  It's not all that authentic, but it's still tasty.\n\nHowever, there are much better barbeque places in this town, so why waste your time here?
This place rocks!
Arribas is me and my hubbys 'place' :) the staff is friendly, the food is yummy (not authentic Mexican but very delicious), the price is reasonable and the place is clean including their restrooms.
Wait is too long (during Spring Training) and the food is just ok.  It's nostalgic, so I'll keep going, but not super impressed.
Horrible quality glass. Got phone fixed here twice and glass breaks EXTREMELY EASY. Will now just wait until my next upgrade. Ridiculous & a total rip off. I feel he replaces phones with poor quality glass, expecting you to come back multiple times when it \"breaks\", disappointing.
Khiana is amazing! She has a wonderful demeanor & is so trustworthy on doing the right job every time. I love that it's her own private room. I found her on Groupon for a great deal & have gone back even without them now.\n\nShe's a keeper :)
decent salsa but chips were crumbly. really good abondegas soup.
Great ambiance and service was impeccable. The food is just okay, definitely over-salted. We had the kids cheese pizza (which was generous in size), ceasar salads, the roasted vegetable panini and risotto.
All the tasty treats I have had are delicious. Unfortunately, I rarely stay to buy something because of the line. Probably a good sign though..
Love this place! Teresa did an amazing job taking care of 30 pain in the butt engineers with grace. Thank you so much!!!
Margherita Pizza! Best one on the menu. I also love the white pizza. They have an amazing Bellini here as well. This place reminds me of authentic pizza in Naples, Italy! Enjoy!
..... Mandalay Bay has changed a lot..... It really lost its luster.  It was spooky quiet. It was hot and now it's not.
I loved the environment (quiet and sleek) and the coffee was good enough, but Copper Star's free wireless internet was completely maddening. I'd hoped to do some work, but an endless parade of disconnects drove me to more friendly internet confines at Lola's, which was a shame, because I wanted a sandwich.
This place is right down the street from my house and the only place I've gone to for manicures and pedicures for the past 2 years. The staff is very friendly, the services are reasonable priced, and I love their massage chairs!!!
ER was slow... Checked in at 3:00pm and left with no doctor visit after 5hours. Ppl being seen before me were in there for hours! And only 3 people got to see the doctor with in that 5hours. I don't know how long they've been waiting either.
Not a whole lot of ambiance going on which I was used to at Box.  A very medical office type environment but the staff is really friendly.  Love the Australian wax for its gentleness on my skin but wasn't thrilled with the results.  Wasn't as thorough as other waxes.
Absolutely obsessed with this place. Come here every single day to get the soft chocolate chip cookies. Cannot stop eating them!\n\nHebrew national hot dog is pretty great too!
Fantastic show, run to see, the music makes the show.  Not a bad seat in the joint.  A must see show.  A feast for the eyes and ears simple impressive!  Don't miss it.
Very good Thai food, they have some dishes that I can't find at other Thai restaurants and they are delicious!
Hooray for sub-par service!
Awesome food and service!! Our waiter was very knowledgeable and friendly. The food however is very price, our check was well over $100 for two of us. Great place to go every now and then.
Great chicken! I have enjoyed the chicken pita, Greek Salad with chicken, Chicken & Rice Soup and I love all. The chicken is seasoned to perfection and the portions are large. A definite lunch spot in my book.
great. .nice food. must visit to taste real Indian food.
Service A+.  Staff was very accommodating and great.  Food was overpriced and terrible. 1 star for great service but would have rather had crappy service and great food
I never thought a little cafe would turn me off from ever going to the venetian ever again but this place did the job. From the 21 year old rude as hell hostess to the little boy man who told us we had to move to another table to the Nazi waitress, my days here are over.
Staff worked hard to accomodate my party of 44. Service was fast. Food was delicious. Could have cut my filet mignon with a butter knife.
New La Quinta...Great if you have pets and can't find a pet sitter for your weekend trip to Vegas.  Since it's new the rooms are modern, flat screen TVs, and nice decor.
Great lunch specials and service was great. Will be back.
Reasonably priced Coffee Shop. Loved the Pecan pie for $3. I tried a small Strawberry Italian soda. Very cute environment.  Reminds me of the time I went to Western Europe. The only thing missing is the grapes vines everywhere on the walls & buildings.
deliciousness! so amazing, and great staff! coming back every weekend :)
This place has an AMAZING happy hour....tons of apps and drinks for super cheap.
ABSOLUTE WORST SERVICE EVER! Been there with a private party and smaller groups. It wasn't a fluke-the manager either short staffs or the waitresses we got were inattentive to such a degree we had to order from the bar before service came. NEVER AGAIN!
My parents forces me to come here with them everytime I go out with them. It's actually pretty good food, but I am so sick of it because we go here all the time, hence the 4 star.
Last time I went there I was almost done with my sandwich by the time I got my smoothie. Even though I was like 1 of 3 customers in there at the time. Aka not busy. If there wasn't so much sugar in them, I would have a smoothie for breakfast every morning.
Quite possibly the best taco I have ever had in my life. Cannot wait to get back to Vegas to have another!!!
Going to Johnny's OK, it's like going to Olive Garden, Outback Steakhouse or any other dependable chain restaurant.  The food and service will be formulary.  It's a good place for a night when you are not into taking any risks, and just want a warm meal.
Stunned I loved this place.  It's the subway of pizza places but awesome.  The pizzas are crazy flavorful, no limit to your toppings.  Definately coming back, also very affordable: two pizzas, a small salad, Apple juice and a drink for 22 dollars.
Very funky place without all the tourists.  Super good coffee, especially the mocha.  (Not so sweet as the Starbucks version) Very close quarters for seating, but you get to know people.
Ass juice yes. Bacon martini NOPE
LOVE IT!  Possibly one of my favotite lunch places on the strip!  Great location, great food, great service, and great for people watching!  Overall, always a fabulous experience when I dine here!
There was a really long line but we waited the food is really good and really fresh and really enjoyed the evening.
Decent food but incompetent staff with no comprehension of simple instructions or problem solving.
Interesting menu choices and we were pleased with the quality. Very nice place for a date night with some wonderful martinis!
I got the fish and rice. And how good it looked. Within an hour or so I was in the emergency room with the worst case of food poisoning I've ever had. I was the hospital for 2 days. The effects lasted over a week, severe dizziness. Screw this place. Never again.
Horrible customer service. Had to talk to 3 different employees to locate a portable iPhone charger. Not because the employees didn't know the answer, but because no one was willing to help. Just short answers and \"it's over there\" type of responses.
We ate here because our usual place gordon bierrsch was too packed and we were disappointed our server was great the food was not :(
No more karaoke. :(
This was a fun night out for the family.  We decided to try the Wisconsin course. It was challenging but fun.  We'll be back to try the California and Indoor course too.
Exceptional! I called around 1 to get a quote, got in right before 3 & was on my way out with a nice, perfect tint by 4! Juan is great. And the pricing was far more fair than other quotes I've gotten. Recommend to anyone!
Agreed. Stopping in here to order and pizza to dine in or take a frozen one home! They have quite a variety of Emil's Pizza, which is delicious! Also they have a few pool tables and dart boards so its a fun place to go out and play a few games while having some drinks and pizza.
Eaten here three times. Each time the food has been fresh and really good. Great service as well.
ohhh spicy and messy just how i love my burgers cant wait to go back again
I especially found the LIVE BIRDS living in the trees inside the dining area of interest.\n\nFood was good and service was OK, fine I guess for a buffet.\n\nI have been here 4 or 5 times before and will probably come again.
Pretty good BBQ.  The smoker is right outside and smelled so yummy.  I thought the meat was very moist and the sides were good too.  The beans also had a little smoky flavor which I enjoyed.  When in the mood for BBQ, we will be back!
The granola with fruit was amazing looking! Got a muffin as well as a caffe late with agave. It was such a delicious cup of coffee. Really like the atmosphere of cartel and their selection of breakfast food as well as coffee. Great location right next to the Phoenix convention center.
Absolutely best brunch place in town! Only bad thing is, that it is so good, it is always crowded!
Very average buffet and a bit expensive for the quality of food. Its about $30 per person on the weekend. The food variety is average for a Vegas buffet althiugh nothing to write home about.
While the desk guy Peter in Santa Barbara was amazingly helpful the rest of the experience sucked. Flights late on the way in. Flight canceled on the way out and I had to find my own way to a different airport to get home.
My husband and I were there this last weekend and it is delicious! We finally found our Italian and pizza place! We had their thin pizza and it was delicious, so was the salad. We are definitely sold and will be regulars! I strongly recommend this place, try it see for yourself!
Good quality clothes at bargain prices.  Enough said.
Megan Romano has opened her own place after years of being the best pastry chef on the strip.  Her ice creams, sorbets, and pastries manage to strike a fantastic balance between sweet and savory that I have found from no other pastry chef in the city.   This place is a must visit.
They are friendly, but not very clean. The bar was so slow, but the counter was dirty when we arrived and stayed that way. We sat in a booth and watched the staff just ignore it for the 45 mins it took to dine.  We probably should have left instead of eating there. But our food was decent and the staff are friendly.
What a neat place to go. Lots of fun. Went there with family and friends and we had a great time. Food wasn't anything to rave over but it's not really an upscale kind of place. We had a great time and we will be going back soon.
\"Best pizza downtown hands down!! Had it in a drunken night on Fremont, but had to come back on a sober trip to make sure it was as good as I thought it was. It was!! Wish parking was easier though.\"
We are huge CSI fans... This is a great concept but a bit cheesy. However my 14 year old loved it. Good time filler but therez better out there.
I've never had a bad experience at this Rubio's. The food is always good and they have never gotten any of my \"special requests\" wrong which is impressive.
Yummy, and amazing wine! What more can I ask for?
Extraordinary service, delicious chocolates.  We were thrilled to find this place (through Yelp) while we were in Madison for a few days.  Of course they are pricey, they are hand made and are of stellar quality.  We bought a box of 16 for us and two small boxes for friends and could not have been more impressed.
Great coffee ... go here instead of St*rb*cks
I was in for lunch yesterday and had a great experience! The food was really good and the service was even better! My server Melanie was very personable and helpful. Couldn't of asked for a better lunch!
Great selection in food and beer! Staff is welcoming and polite. I can never know what I want to eat between the Chicken sandwich, chili, bratwurst, cheesesteak etc. Sit either inside or outside, either place there's always great music playing.
There's nothing authentic about this place.  Don't go, unless you've never had ramen before.  If you've had real authentic ramen before, then stay away.
Delicious. Extraordinary service.
Although the pop art theme seems to lose a little In the translation, you can generally find a friend or fbuddy (the choice is your) in the crowd of twenty something's \n\nNog
Beef and broccoli was tough and chewy, broccoli was hard and undercooked. Fried rice was bland and boiled. Not great, won't be back.
Very good. Stoked on this place. Great atmosphere and the food was delightful.
Great, fast option in downtown Mesa. They have unique non-alcoholic drink options and the chimichangas are amazing. There are a few patio tables that offer nice views of the downtown area.
great place to be a cowboy !!
I've taken both of my vehicles here several times and have always been pleased with the service. The manager even fixed a stripped out oil pan plug AT NO EXTRA CHARGE! Great place!
Excellent tasting high quality seafood, friendly and very knowledgeable staff, free valet, nice atmosphere.  What's not to like.  We'll be back!
They are always a good chain to get a good steak at but now with their steak trio and cake pop trio I am in heaven!
Very affordable in the off-season (like 75 bucks) and had a free breakfast/popcorn too boot.\n\nAlso has a coffee bar in the lobby
this is a beautiful casino, but unless you are dressed like you have thougsands of dollars to spend, don't expect any service or any room at the tables.
Roberto's is just OK.  I much prefer Fausto's.  Only benefit to Roberto's is there are many more locations than Faustos and open 24 hours.
Macys is nice but its very annoying to have to hunt down a worker to pay for 300.00 worth of merchandise. Not good macys. Leave at least one person in each department or next time I will walk out
Service sucks. Ordered a veggie pizza  for take out. 40 min later pizza is not ready.
Enjoyed a great evening with a large group so other than the fact we were very loud we had great fun!  Lettuce wraps are a must!  Turkey burger and sweet potato fries were very tasty.
pretty good 3.5 stars!
Coffee is ok staff is soooo rude. The pastries they sell taste like they are 2 weeks old...hard and stale. Also, for two pastries and two coffees it was over $13.00. Such a rip off!!! I'm never going to this place again.
It was a free attraction that wasn't free.  BS.  I'm not paying $10 to walk around in a warehouse that smells like cigar smoke.  Even if the cars are pretty.
this is a lovely place inside of caesars for dessert and bistro/cafe food.\n\na bit overpriced, but as is everything in vegas.\n\nwould definitely return.\nthe desserts are absolutely amazing!!
Horrible place to stay asked for non smoking room smelled like cigarettes bad customer service wifi is horrible did not work kids running around at 2 in the morning up and down hall ways
The shop closed down in February 2014.\n\nI used it once last summer because I live nearby and needed a link extractor. Even then the stock in the shop seemed very low with a lot of empty shelves and racks.
Went here again last week and it was as good as ever. Excellent carbornara and decent wine list. Away from the touristy area also.
very cool bar with fire pits indoors. a definite place in vegas to have a drink!
I recommend the Wonton Soup and Vietnamese Rolls, they never seem to disappoint. The peanut sauce and sweet chili that comes with rolls is my favorite part.\nSoup is a bit salty but edible.\nBon App\u00e9tit y'all!
Fast, friendly, reliable, reasonable.  AND they have bike racks!
Was in a hurry for a cheapie meal. Had to ask wait staff to bring us water and set-ups. Food was adequate at best. Won't be going back. Their are other cheap eats downtown with better appeal.
I parked my new car too close to a pine tree and it got sap spattered all over it! Mario came to my house and got the whole car clean for a very reasonable price...far less than I was quoted else where. Thank you MAD!
The place is nice but you are packed in like sardines in a tin. We sat  at a table with 3 other couples that we didnt know.
I love this place!  Sushi is amazing and service is great.  Also very clean.  Inaka Sushi is definitely our go to sushi craving crusher.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because they don't have tempura ice cream.
Horrible job on my nails!! Never go there! I had a smudge and the fixed it by putting three extra coats on and then the polish still smudged!
Worst customer service....bartender is extremely rude. I won't come back. My drink sucks too!
Very good wings. Have been here several times and food always pretty good. Love the  baby bella mushroom appetizer with sriracha ranch. Sometimes service slow but not a bad place for wings and beer.
Mediocre steak and too high prices for the quality of the steak.  Mixed green salad was also mediocre. Service was very attentive. For these prices and this quality, this restaurant will not last. Very disappointing food.
Olive and Ivy is my go-to place when I can't decide where to eat! The sweet potato canneloni with Shrimp is my FAVORITE!!!! Nice staff, great enviornment. I also reserved a table for my birthday and they were very accommodating.
Good food. A little pricey, but wonderful that you have such a variety of options for veggies, fruits, toppings and even meat. If you've never been there before, it can be a little intimidating, but you can't go wrong with what they have!
As I walk in the restaurant for the first time - loved the ambience and atmosphere of the trendy modern indoor outdoor spot . The sangria was very Tart and food was mediocre . But customer service beat those two categories at its finest .
I went there once for Trivia.  I found their drinks to be watered down and quite expensive.  My wife and I ordered some apps as well, and I was not impressed at all.  I don't see what all the hype is about.
I usually just come to fill the gas tank, but i stock up on laundry soap and check the book table on occasion. I like to get storage here when i need it, and it's between work and home, so it's super convenient.
Is 1 star the lowest rating? ICK! Food was gross! Got a chicken quesadilla and it was way too salty, got asked if I want cheese on a quesadilla ..?, and got charged the wrong price! Def NOT a place I'll be eating at again!
I LOVE Fiori's. The thought of their slices makes me drool. I can't think of a more perfect pizza anywhere. The pizza sauce is so deliciously sweet, and the crust is the perfect ratio of crunchy to chewy.
I think they've gone out of business, phones turned off and website is down for the past week, When they were open they were good at what they did, cheap Americanized fast food Chinese delivery. I'm sad, and now looking for another dive Chinese place that delivers to Arcadia......
Food was bland and overpriced. Slow service too. What do you mean there is no sweet potatoe pie? Come on guys, if you're in the restaurant business you should never be out of something.
Great food. Enough variety to make eating here regularly interesting.
I'm always finding something I love here.\n\nThis summer it was $10 linen shorts that I wore constantly. Recently I got an adorable dress for work (not quite in $10 range, but still great). And then when I was checking out I found some adorable sunglasses for $5.99. Score!!!
I love triple AAA discount at payless along with a free passport photos yearly! Free travel guides and maps :) ahhh so worth the membership! Best of all road side assistance! Lots of parking at this location!  A travelers best friend!
Freakin Rad!!! It was so fun and such a good meal. Everyone ordered something different and it was all good.
Patrick Hassett is one great person to work with. He is always available to answer my questions and he saved me a ton of money over my previous insurance company. Do yourself a favor and have Patrick give you a quote.
If you like to drink with 18-21 yr old girls - this might be your place.  If you want to chill with a mature crowd - go elsewhere.  However, the beer is cheap and the bartenders work effortlessly at preparing cocktails.  I'll go back - if I'm drunk...
Super rip off. Took the car in for an oil change. They recommended $2000+ of \"repairs\". I left and took it to a mechanic who I trust. All it needed was $230 for brake pads (Firestone wanted $450 for that). Stay away from this place unless you have money you don't want.
Way over priced! $23 for two salads and two sodas! Really!  I will drive to Stephanie next time!
GREAT food.  one of BEST veal dishes I've ever had AND reasonable prices.  Small family atmosphere but due to limited space, better make reservations.  Food like mama used to make.  Will be coming back here again and again.
Its okay place, but I recommend go eat at the Palms for late night food, the Palms is cheaper and taste better.\n\nLate.
I was visiting Vegas from Chicago. I went here solely on the yelp ratings. It was well worth it. Good food. Good price. Clean. Lots of guys on their lunch were there, which tells me its good eatin.
The smooth jazz/top 40 mix at a sushi place is weird, rolls were so so but you have to get the \"roll in the sand\" roll.\n\nPricing very high/unfriendly service
I'm from the bay & visiting family when I had a japenese food craving. The atmosphere was great, the prices excellent & the food superb. The monkey balls & udon were delicious. Service was prompt. I will definitely eat here when I visit again!
Great pizza...but as another reviewer mentioned -- they are a bit feisty. Be forewarned that the slices are humungous, so one might do it if you have a small appetite, like moi.
This place is decked out and beautiful.... As for the service... You MUST make reservations prior to entering or else you will get kicked out in the middle of your experience if that room was already booked prior to you booking it.  Would that be considered bad service or proper service?
Our new favorite place for boba. It's fresh cheap and they're open till 2 in the morning!!! Note to self though stop combining weird flavors together.
Charming place, great menu, nice to BYOW. The escargots are a favorite starter, and their main courses are prepared with care and always delicious. And the prices are surprisingly reasonable, even with the crummy exchange rates for USD. I try to go for dinner here at least once when I am in Montreal.
I would avoid this hotel if possible. The staff is not helpful and the experience is not impressive. From check in to check out this hotel was not a good experience.
Seriously, if you want to have an awesome time clubbing DO NOT GO HERE! Way toooooo OVER CROWED!
Great Prices,  fresh bread, unusual but delicious.  Definitely going to be a regular stop!
this place is wonderful the service is great, the food is simple and great and the coffee is great i had the hotlinks breakfast with potatos and biskets mmm it is all good the biskets are hommemade.My love had the porkchops they were good.Bill for two with coffee was 20$
If you have to wait in line and some of you will this place is worth it. The decor is excellent and the music was great. The crowd was decent and the drinks were pricey but strong. If you're club hopping in Vegas give Poetry a try.
I've been to three different stores and everyone is always so friendly!! At one store they even remember who I am. It's great!!?
Dined here a couple weeks after it opened. I loved this place. It's small, with a great atmosphere.....the patio view outside is a nice addition. The service was great and the food was delicious. Will definitely be back.
Pros: Great beer menu.  Nice outdoor covered patio area with picnic tables.  Cons: But inside lots of TV's and sports bar feel.  And the acoustics suck.  The food was mediocre.  We had BBQ pork sandwich and blackbean & chicken quesadilla. Both were good, just not great
Meh.  We went back and we were disappointed.  Somehow the slaw was more limp, the burger was less tasty, and the lentil soup was revolting.  It tasted like perfume.  Odd.
The absolute best place to eat on Mill ave. Great date place with a nice ambiance. Service and host staff are very attractive AND friendly. This is a legit wine bar with many good and unique options. There pizza is above average. This is awesome for a date night or for a night out with friends.
Very good and affordable. The food is filling and their dimsum is the best. We'll definitely come back. :)
Love the shawarma....both chicken and lamb.......also the dining style with floored mats and sofa.....Arabian styleeee....didn't like mango shake though...
Pretty good priced food.  Graveyard specials are good as well.  Looking forward to trying the philly next...
Two stars because the S'mores hot chocolate was wonderful! The food was just ok! Not really impressed. Will come back for a yummy hot chocolate. But will be eating food somewhere else.
Salsa is good. Food is hit or miss, but sadly all the reviews about the service and the long waits and the nazi rule about not seating your party are all true. It looks nice, but the experience leaves such a bad taste in your mouth that no amount of salsa can cover it up.
Saw Tool play here and the acoustics were atrocious. It was like a cheap car stereo without a subwoofer playing FM radio songs. The volume was so low that the audience voices could clearly be heard singing along with the music. Huge letdown
Good programs and services, Core fittness trainers are very good.  Overall nice staff, maintinance of equipment is below average and getting worse.  They don't seems to care
Adorably cute, neat swing clothes for the hipsters in your life! The staff will search for your particular size and color preference. Lots of pin-up artwork, makeup, accessories, lingerie and jewelry for those little gift needs!
Delicious! The orange chicken is a lot sweeter than most - but still very good! I love their Thai Spicy Chicken. The Lo Mein isn't as good as other places, but still acceptable. Definitely try out this little cafe if you're in the area and are looking for great Chinese food!
This is probably the worst company I've ever had to deal with. To arrange a pick up of their containers is nearly impossible task for them and requires lots of phone calls and patience on the customer part without any guarantee of success. Save your time and nerves and avoid dealing with this company.
Good, kind of expensive but good.  Chicken pad Thai and Pad See Ew and egg rolls were all tasty.
Best pizza in vegas, by far. I always buy by the whole pie. Cheaper to split amongst friends or family. Or take one back to so cal for the drive home. Pepperoni n mushroom with sausage.  Mmmmmm.
Great location - make sure you ask for a view of the river.  Worth the money.
Pretty typical nuovo Italian restaurant.  I can always appreciate the brick oven and the salad was pretty good, but nothing else really stood out.
The first thing my friend and noticed when we came for pedicures is that this place didn't have the chemical salon smell. It was really nice. Very clean and the 20 minute massages really are 20 minutes. Best pedicure I've had.
I feel this hospital really needs to realize who pays their bill. Their front desk people are very rude. When a customer walks in you should acknowledge them. Don't just ignore them for 10 minutes and tell them to sign in.  Definitely need to train the staff on customer service.
Service was poor. Vegetables not served with main course and coffee never made it with the dessert. This place has really fallen down since I last ate here. Choose someplace else if you have time. The value is not here!
Coffee was pretty good.  Patio was spacious. Nothing else to say. I'd drop by if I was in the area and needed a coffee and a place to sit down on a nice summer day.
So darn good.    Owner very sweet too.    Better than the other donut shops on the street.    Blueberry Apple fritter my fav
First we waited 20 minutes which was ok with us but then we waited 45 minutes for our two items to show up that too incomplete. As one of the reviewers mentioned the breakfast was very oily. Taste was just ok. Won't be going back.
Yikes. I can only say \"Don't\"!!!
These are some great tacos.  They will deep fry anything, which is my favorite.   Their salsa verde is spicier than most, but I couldn't get enough of it.  Check it out if you're by.  Make sure to meet the owners if they are there, they're hilarious!
The environment and coffee is good, but their internet is on the slow side for any serious work.
I usually stay here. They offer good comps on rooms. The only thing I would like to see them change is their televisions. I mean come on who doesn't have hd flat screens.... Oh I guess its Orleans \n\nOther than that good value staff is friendly.
I'm impressed with the cleanliness. The food was better than average and service was solid.  Pricing was right.   I'll come back.
This is by far one of my favorite places to eat. The food is incredibly.  Drinks are good, and fairly priced. Happy hour weekdays till 6p.m.  \nI go here at least once a week, sometimes two or three times a week. And I plan to keep coming
Food is good and I like the variety to choose from. Haven't been disappointed yet.  I don't really like this restaurant at this location. It's the atmosphere and it just feels over crowded.
Hands down can not get enough! Atmosphere, food, employees, and location! one word BOMB!!!
Tried for the first time last weekend.  I had the roast beef sandwich.  It was nice to have a drive thru with healthy choices.\nThe portions were nice and the taste fresh.\nI can't wait to return and try some other options.
It's alright. Not the best. But ain't the worst.
THIS PLACE IS BLOODY HUGE! It's overwhelming in there and I love it. 2 FLOORS OF FOREVER 21-NESS.....it's just so clean, organized and pretty in there. Fabulous service too!! GO GO GO GO!
Cool venue with super friendly behind the scenes staff.\n\nI had to setup a sweet display there and they bent over backwards for us. I DUG it.
Emailed them about my experience. They tried to offer me a free upgrade next time I booked there. I said no thanks. Had they actually read my email, they would have known that was the deal I originally got from their website. I will never stay at this hotel, deal or no deal.. Poor customer service.
Good food. Good prices. Good looking wait staff. Hostess was really nice and really cute. Service is fantastic. I come back yes.
Great Place, I like the International Buffet but stay away from the Seafood Buffet.
Good lunch spot - had the fajitas and sangria (delicious) for two. Reasonable price and great patio
Dont fall for this gimmick. 10$ a month no contract. But what they  dont tell you is that you pay for 1st and last months payment upfront. (Even though theres no contract) and a 60$ a year gym up keeping  And yes salesman do get commission.
Who ever choose their red wine needs to get a drivers license first\nTerrible selection for place with a bar\nPlease ask for help if you don't know a subject
Terrible company to work with. The women who answers the phone has a horrible attitude and basically was telling me: we don't want your business! Why the owner even pay someone that bitchy to handle the phone
Always good the skewers are great especially the bacon&scallops and roasted garlic  kimchi fried fice was great as was the sushi always recommend this restaurant Try the monkey brains yummy
Hip atmosphere, eclectic mix of food. I had the cubanini and it was satisfying.  I want to try the sushi next time.
Food good, but does not justify the costs...too expensive. Almost $55 for 2 people. Might as well go to M casino for variety. Korean BBQ restaurants are really overpriced.
Everything was amazing here, have to try the devil fries. All was fresh and great atmosphere will be back for sure!!
Absolutely Fabulous! The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful...food is so good...the biggest problem you will have is trying to stop eating! We will be back! I only wish I hadn't wasted five years not eating here.
Can I do less then one star? Took 15 minutes before any servers came to us. Very unorganized. Employees standing around doing nothing. Had hoped for better service. Food was fine but service... Not good.
Hands down the best Afghan food in the area! Highly recommend their Knockout Burger - full of flavor and quality. Service is super friendly too and they give honest recommendations on their own menu. Visited this place multiple times in the same trip to Vegas. And you will too.
Dirty, how hard is it to clean up the litter outside and vacuum into the corners of carpeting? Several things were broken in room, had to request another, no tub just a shower with out enough shelf space, internet problems, I  will not return.
Slider was all kinds of worn out after his stay
This is a definite must go. Get a cool icy drink. Its a creeper so BEWARE. The extra shot will do you some good. LOL.
Aside from the fact their rate structure is not honest at all, lack of service is overwhelming. After 3 hour delay, 0 explanations and a nasty reaction from staff when I asked (after 3 hours!). It is 1am, still not boarded and still no explanation. Inadmissible
I love sitting outside by the fire pit...delicious food, fun atmosphere!
Drive thru is a wait but my fault since I don't want to go in. Prices are kinda up but I am too lazy to cook myself. Heh, I guess I am not the only regular. Both cars in front and behind turned off their engines... Glad they are here on my lazy days!!!! Thanks!
If you are looking for great late night deals.\nRight here!\n$1 Beer, or Margarita\n$1.99 Footlong Hot Dogs.  An Actual Footlong!\n\nTRY IT!
Great food and even better beer ordered the Mango Mahi Mahi delicious will be back for more
The best mussels ever, and great pastas and pizzas. my husbands favourite is the steak in Diablo sauce.   friendly staff and great atmosphere nice selection of wines  this is  my favourite italian restaurant
Messy and disorganized! Hard to find anything you're looking for because its a mess and staff doesn't want to help.
very good and healthy at reasonable price
Best hot dogs ever! How can you beat a big hot dog & large drink for a $1.50? :)
What a wonderful Ambiance!  And great food too.\nSuch wonderful fresh dishes with an awesome offering off the spit--including prime rib. \nAttentive Service too.
Not really a fan, but it is always crowded, so I might be in the minority here.  Drinks are super cheap and it is about 5 minutes from my house, so I might come back, but probably not.
This was a wonderful establishment- one day I went by and there was a sign on the door saying the ice machine had broken and a part was on the way. A few days later, the store was empty. Sad to see it go.
Unprofessional staff, cramped, and a low level of saving on surrounding gun stores. Decent level of guns available, if you looking for good deals on optics look elsewhere.
Chain in Vegas. Food was OK, service was quick at the bar.
It was highly educational and definitely worth seeing even for people without a science/biology background. Although you are staring at prepared cadavers, the exhibit did not feel overly graphic. \n\nand.... we were lucky to get a group rate (at $21 per person).
Wicked staff, groovy beats, smooth lattes, soul soothing sandwiches, and beer on tap.\nThis lil gem is as good as it gets up on Fremont!
Comfy bed, nice scenic views of the mountains. Rooms are a bit outdated.  Huge con: Walls are very VERY thin.
its slipped..pizza was too soggy this time. but the main issue was the waitress who seemed most interested in talking to hostess station. i had to walk over to her at that station to order dessert. no where to be seen come the check. nice space but maybe getting complacent with its own success.
Bad service and bad food! I waited for over a half hour to get my food and I had to ask before the waitress realized she forgot my order. When I got my sandwich the chicken was dry and I didn't even finish it. Also to make matters worse they took trash through the dining area while we were eating. Have some pride.
Why would you eggs Benedict on menu and you do not prepare poached eggs?   Another bad airport restaurant!
2.5\n\nMeh. The food was good but not impressive. Service was slow, portions were a bit on the small side but I've got a big appetite so take that however you may. JB and I may return but I doubt it, there are a lot of great places in the vicinity.
I am now a huge fan of this place!\nEveryone is so friendly here. \nEverything is calm best massage I have EVER had!\nEveryone should come here, and feel this type of peace!
The $140 tasting menu ready hit the spot...the servers are super nice and friendly i've been here countless times and the food and the service never changes...
The steak is not worth $48.00.
Great yogurt! Everyone was very nice. Great flavors & great names. We got a punch card and will fill it up fast!
I love their beat salad and fries seriously yum what is that amazing sauce and the root beer on tap mmmmmmm
Venezia is, in my opinion, the best tower at The Venetian. Bouchon is here, and the rooms have some of the best views, especially of the world's tallest observation wheel and the east side of the valley. Five stars!
Food is average/good\nService very good
Teeter, Teeter, Teeter. What are we going to do with you? When every store is nearly the same as every other, it's hard to judge! Clean, bright, well-stocked, working carts, free samples smiling check-out associates. It's just... awesome. Love Harris Teeter!
Been coming here for brunch for quite a while.  While it is a cupcakery, the brunch is extraordinary.  They also have great coffee and the service is happy.
delicious everytime.
This is the absolute worst place in the world!!!!!!  The service is absolutely crappy.  Wait- that is the understatement of the century!  \n\n\nAvoid at all costs!
All my food was cold. Got a number 7 with tots and a coney. Ate it in the car and it all tasted like yesterday's left overs. Just plain Horrible.
Got my oil done here. Great experience. I'd recommend going on a Sunday or Monday when Gina & Robin are working. They made me feel really comfortable, didn't try to upsale me on anything (I hate that) gave me a good deal! Was in and out in 20 mins!
One of the only places open downtown after 10 pm mid-week. Terrible service, average and overpriced food, in a hotel lobby, doesn't make a good combo.
I come here very often and am yet to be disappointed. Every meal is delicious and well prepared. Great food for half the price you would pay on the strip. They also have a good selection of wine. Family owned and friendly staff.
This place is horrible.  The service is very rude.  They refused to put letters on a shirt for me because I had my own letters, even though I would have paid for the service.  It was a really weird experience.
Yes definately go on Wednesdays to enjoy their $.40 wins and do ask for them to be charbroiled.....very goooood! Garlic hot and habanero hot! Will be there every wednesday from now on!
She did a wonderful job cutting, styling, dying my hair! I could not have asked for a better stylist or salon!\n\nI will be going back to her for all my styling needs from now on. It was nice to finally find a reasonable and friendly place here in Phoenix!  Thanks for everything Al! You rock!!!
First time trying.... Awesome coffee but even better service. Jordan hooked it up big time. I'm coming back for more!!!! What an awesome guy. 5 stars for sure....
It was busy and noisy - lots of families there.  You order your food and then they bring to you.  Not my style.  I enjoy service and atmosphere busy and fast pac.  Good food but hard to visit!  Service was fast.
Cool spot. Haven't been to one of these in a long time. It's good to play like a kid again.\n\nGood staff, very clean place, very spacious. \nGood for large groups. We had about 350 people there. \n\nCatered food was pretty decent as well.
This place is great! It's clean, reasonably priced and the massages are absolutely amazing.
In town I believe this is one of the best. The sauce is really good and the clams and shrimp are always cooked to perfection. Just wear some clothes you can get dirty in. :)
No line-up.\n\nNeed I say more?  Great booths, service was fantastic, free wifi throughout, let us linger forever, food was good (French Fries were pretty meh but you're not hungry enough after eating the sandwich to need them).
Awesome customer service!  My husband's phone had been dropped on 4 separate occasions and chunks of screen we're missing!  The phone was properly repaired in less than an hour and for an extremely reasonable price!  We are very satisfied and definitely recommend this place!
We attended a work dinner at Twin Creeks. The sat our party in the private dining room.  Since this was a work event we were limitied to what we can choose but the choices we had were wonderful.  My husband had steak and I had chicken.  The service was excellent and the food was delicious.  I would go back in a heartbeat.
Food was ok and service was horrible.
Umm....YUMMMY!  Never been before but will for sure be back!  Best white chocolate mocha I have ever had and the hot chocolate is AMAZING!!!
The Mexican food in Beijing is better than this.
Best shellfish in Phoenix, but you will pay for it.
Had lunch here 2/8/13. Server was Melanie. She was cute polite knowledgeable and competent. Had something akin to a club sandwich and potato bacon soup. It was good. Overall nothing to call anyone out on ;)
Linh did my nails the other day and it turned out amazing!! She's very precise and the staff is very welcoming!
Florists can be a huge gamble but this one delivered the same day I ordered and the flowers were incredible. Very fresh and lasted for a week. I will definitely use them again and recommend them to you.
Great vibe....perfect Madison coffee house when you're downtown! The atmosphere is comfortable, there's  enough seating and the staff are friendly.\n\nNot to mention, great treats for the morning snack.
Turkey burger was very well seasoned. Everything was really fresh & clean. Would definitely go here again!
Incredible concept and awesome food. I hit this place everytime I'm in Phoenix. The service is attentive and friendly. I'll be back soon.
My only update from before is that the Kiki has toppled the Ronin as my favorite burger!
Great beer, wonderful schintzel, spatzel, live music, spankings and more...\n\nPROST!
The hostess are very helpful and friendly. The servers are hit or miss. The nachos are great! The salads are fresh and have great presentation. The ambience is nice but wish they would enhance their drink menu. The margaritas are not very good. This place has a lot of potential!
Hot chicken wings were very buttery. Reminded me of Hooters wings. Waitress was awesome and Ill try more things on the menu! Worth checking out!
The pizza is really good. The crust is very thick, so if you're a thin crust lover this wont be the place for you.\n\nTheir hot wings are divine!
Love in & out but this restaurant has difficult access..I mean ridiculous!  There is literally one way in and out (pun intended).  Can't access the drive thru easily and trying to get out of the parking lot you've got this big median to contend with.  Forget about it if you have a trailer.
More of a tourist attraction.  Food is better elsewhere for the cost.
The chile rellano and taquitos were excellent in strip mall ambiance!
No Beer! That sucks having some pizza without a nice cold adult beverage! Nice layout of bowling and games though! Will not go back.
They added a 250 smoking charge when I don't even smoke.
Love this place!  Lots to look at and well displayed.  Prices vary; some dealers are better than others, but real treasures are made affordable through sales, so make sure you join the mailing list.  Great selection of jewelry especially.  Owners are very friendly...kid-friendly, too.  Nice central location...worth your time.
Very Reasonably priced, huge portions, and great food!  Much preferred to the cookie-cutter chain restaurants.  Will return!
Wonderful. Food and service are great. Went twice during one 4 day visit. Good portions and despite the crowds we never waited for a table or for our food that long. Tres bien
Food was delicious,  but way too expensive.
Roasted chicken with apricot glaze was perfect! Perfectly moist with delicious flavor.
Good booze in a funny little place, kitchen and welcoming - worth a visit some of the food was pretty good, and the drinks very good.
okay.... now I am never going back.  The front door people are azzzzzzzzzzzzzes
Jim did a great job with our new gate. Good price and completed within a week from estimate.
Catelyn the blonde heavy set cashier with glasses is a rude b*tch! Store was messy & I will not return or give this store my business ever again. I love the Pet Smart off Eastern & Silverado ranch. Their staff is ALWAYS FRIENDLY & HELPFUL.
Employees too concerned with chatting behind the counter other than offering to help you.
Nice store, with reasonably priced yarn.  However, customer service was lacking.  It is a small yarn shop, I stood at the counter waiting for the owner to come to my aid.  He was more interested in his phone.  A lady who was knitting at the table was more helpful.
Fantastic everything: pizza, beer, ambience, service. The burger is exceptional.
Suzanne is Amazing!  Truly a nail goddess :)  I have never had nails that looked so real and held up so well ever!  She does everything by hand and they are perfect every time.  She also has an amazing personality!  I enjoy the hour I get to spend with her.
This Place sucks! Terrible service from novice hipster waiters. It took an hour to get a few tacos and it cost around $50/person for what should've been a $10 meal. \nWanted to Love it but ended up hating it!
I have yet to eat in but have gotten food to go several times. Love the cheese ravolis and my husband loves the pizza cheese steak sub. They are always friendly when I pickup. Will return.
Bland crust. Bland cheese. Bland thin watery sauce. Even the sausage topping was meh. Do not recommend. How so many yelpers can give such glowing reviews... there are much better options .
This place has really gone down hill, I hope they reopen with a better quality and brand.
The food is just ok... A little over priced compared to what you get. WIll choose a better steakhouse, at the same price point, before coming here again... very disappointed in quality, portion size, and price point.
avoid this place like the plague. if you stay here...avoid the casino area between 10pm -2am that's when this place gets really sketchy.
Sorry Amelies, you have some serious competition (and there prices are better)!
Staff was friendly and nice selection.
If I could give this place 0 stars I would. Food was not as described in the menu, one $30 plate was room temperature and all of the meat was fat. Also I had to get up and get my water refilled at the bar.
The one star reviews are extremely accurate. Not coming back, too bad -- cool location.
If your server is a short, stocky guy with very bushy brown hair and a big mustache, get up and walk out as fast as you can. With his sour and huffy disposition and a very negative attitude, he will definitely ruin your dining experience at Uncle Sal's.
My new favorite neighborhood sushi!
Went to this \"establishment\" of chicken had no ranch sauce or there own blackened ranch!!!
Pretty good sushi selection, fish was fresh. The hit food wasn't bad actually surprised that their fried chicken wings were good. Went for lunch so the price wasn't bad for 15.99. Would go again
I could not find any staff to help me find a hard drive enclosure that I was looking for. No one was available or even in the store on a Saturday afternoon, I waited for 30 minutes in store.\n\nFuture Shop it is.
Great sports bar to stop by and have a drink and grab some food. Food was good and they are known for the \"dirty blonde\" beer which is super cold. I would definitely come back here again whenever I'm around the strip.
Good BBQ, the brisket was good, but not great in my mind.
Excellent sushis.\nJapanese authentic. Quality +++\n\nBest time to try Juni is for lunch.\nless expensive to try the seagrass salads :)
It was ok.  Nothing to write home about, but it's a busy little place with quick lunch service.  They had lunch specials and I got the 2 slices with a drink.  The salads looked good too and I overheard a lady saying her salad was really good.  The sandwiches looked ok too-sort of Jimmy Johns-ish.
I went there on a Thursday night around 7:30PM and my boyfriend and I were the only patrons there for a while and I should have taken that as a hint since the place next door had a line stretching outside.\n\nOverall Tverskaya was alright... Not impressed but not deterred either.
This Buffet at Bally's is decent, it's not bad. I came here twice, once the line was long due to dinner. I haven't been here in years. But it's a good buffet, it's nothing special but it gets the job done.
Service was ok. Food was nothing special with prices in the stratosphere. They'll charge you $3 to split a plate.
Cheese sauce.  Not cheese, cheese sauce.  Burnt carne asada and pink Carne asada in the same burrito. They couldn't even make my daughter's quesadilla properly.  This place is to be avoided.
I hired this guy to photoshoot the products for our bakery. He was refeered by my friend. He did a great job at my friends wedding. Being a professional wedding photographer he also did a great photoshoots of our bakery products for our webpage. And he was very affordable. I will defenetly recommend him.
Woo! I've never had this much fun with toilet paper!\r\n\r\nAwesome show. I would like to see them rock out more, though.\r\n\r\nSaw them at Luxor, but Venetian is a much cooler place to be.
Not impressed by anything at this place unfortunately. The decor is decent, everything else is average or below average including the food and service. Everyone is very nice, just not the best servers around. I will not be visiting this place again unless I hear from a trusted source that everything has changed.
Strawberry coconut mojito, pork tacos, and churros are amazing.
My husband and I always eat here when in Vegas. Love the food and the staff are very helpful. Love to eat outside to see the wonderful water show. A must when in Vegas!
Can't say I've had the best food at this location, but it's not horrible. They have great, friendly service, but they just don't make their burgers the same way as other locations.
Fantastic vegetarian/vegan menu with plenty of options for carnivores and omnivores. Bridge at the bar is adorable,  fun,  chatty and an excellent bartendress. I LOVE the cajun tofu tacos! Nacho Daddy's does breakfast too!
Jennifer Dew is amazing! I've had two haircuts and highlights with her now and she is fabulous. I'm so happy to have found a great stylist in Phoenix.
Ya, I can't get over the sheer hype this place had from everyone who wrote glorious remarks claming this was the best sandwich shop in the world. For $5.99 I got the jerk chicken sandwich and it was no where near as good as I hoped it would be. Ya, I can't recommend this place.
I have been here a few times and they have a good selection on streetwear items. The prices are decent and they usually have some really good sale items. The staff is really chill and helpful and the overall atmosphere of the store is chill.
It's pretty good.  \n\nIs it the best burger in AZ?  Nah.  I'd rather have Zinburger any day.  Way more flavor.
Dr. Farmer is a great dentist.  He is very concientious and my wife, son and I have had positive experiences with our cleanings and xrays.  I highly recommend that you try him if you live in the Plaza Midwood area.
I was impressed with service and food.   Friendly staff.   Home made chips were excellent.   Had garlic chicken with garlic white sauce pizza.
One thing about this store, it's not 24 hours.\nIt seems to have a slightly less abundant selection as compared to the other branches in the city. I actually over-heard some anti-trans slander comign from two of the workers at the Deli too. I try to avoid this place as often as possible.
good teriaky chicken with rice, sushi is decent.
Refried fries in stale oil, jelly like gravy and chicken so chewy that Goodyear wants the recipe.. Yep, if that is what you are looking for!
Vicky is the best for designs!! This place is so friendly and clean. Very professional. Can't make it early in the day? They're open til 11!! I was shocked!! Next to restaurants and right next to 215 so easy to get to. I will definitely be a regular here.
Nice and quiet, peaceful and clean. \n\nWeird experience was a scorpion crawling up the drain and into my sink. Haha yes this happened.
It is closed. Still listed in Yellow Pages, but the building is abandoned.
One of the best show I have ever seen.\nAustralian guys singing Motown songs!  \nThey were really good. I had a really fun time watching them.
This gift shop is super HUGE and has everything. I love that they had moccasins to. But I agree with some of the other reviewers and everything was made CHEAP hence MADE IN CHINA. Wasn't really feeling the things that they had. They were also pretty expensive.
Super super busy airport, it's chaos all around! From walking through the terminals to trying to find seating in a restaurant or gate! It's just chaotic!! They  have a moderate selection of restaurants. Mostly quick grab and goes in terminal A
This is a great store.  The employees are very helpful and knowledgeable.   They have a great selection of fish and supplies, as well as mice,ferrets,birds,reptiles,and hermit crabs.  If you have a problem with your tank, they will test your water and tell you how to fix it.
Its the best robertos around
Nice mall great stores and food court but they need more seating for people.
Jill really liked the Philly sandwich. My burger was very good. Owner works the business and is very friendly.  It's worth the trip. Next time I'm trying the rice bowl.
Awesome staff at this store! It's nice to go somewhere that provides great information with a positive attitude. You just don't see service like this anymore.
Great place to get your asian groceries!   Huge variety of products and produce is fresh and affordable!  The only downside is that the store is a bit disorganized.
Arcade for adults! If you have nothing to do, Dave and Busters is the place to go, they have games, you can grab a drink or something to eat. This location is really great on service. One bartender was doing tricks, pretty awesome.
Pleasant staffs. yummy drinks
Food was great had a Standard Burger with the Salty Dulce de Leche Shake!! Staff was super cool and will be back to try the short rib tacos for sure!
Decor is schizophrenic and low budget, staff is friendly. Order half hoagie... it is hot and tasty. A bit too much dressing but better too much than too little. Bread is good and fresh could of used toasting on the inside (open face) before being dressed to add crunch.
Much better style frames than the bigger chains offer. I get my frames here and have my own eye doc put in the lenses.
This isn't the greatest of Las Vegas hotels but it isn't the worst.  It's a nice end of the strip location easy to get in and out of and also held the annual ACM awards which is why I was here at the casino to begin with.  Really enjoyed all the festivities around that weekend!
Sometimes the service is a little slow. But it's worth the wait for the black n bleu burger. Mmm
this place is cool just to kill time was accross the street from the hotel i was staying in nothing to go out of your way for though
Extremely poor customer service and do not offer the latest innovations in wigs. Maybe they were once the only game in town and are resting on their laurels...if you have breast cancer, the last thing you need is poor service and pushy sales clerks. I would give no stars if that were an option. Stay away.
Found a cockroach in the bathroom.  Interesting white stains all over the hotel.
The worst service possible and if you love everything drenched in olive oil please order anything cause there is no shortage there! Waitress cared less for the plates stacking on my table! Thanks for allowing me the opportunity to never wanna come back and recommend the same for anyone who reads this or I know!
Love this location and everybody is so friendly.  They always say hello and ask you if you need help, and the undocumented day laborers who stand outside always wave to us!
My husband had the schnitzel and I had the crabby cake po' boy.  Magnificent!  We also had the caramel cheesecake and I nearly dropped dead.  My only gripe is about the prices.  Just a tad bit too high.   But lordy, I could eat here every day.
Here it is.... Montreal's BEST ice cream shop!\n\nThis is NOT your typical Nestle stocked ice cream parlor. The flavors & varieties are mystical. I'm not even a sugar fan, but this place is worth a visit.
Only place to eat after 2am at Mandalay or Luxor except McDonald's. The food is decent. Great Chicken Soup for 2am. Appetizers were fairly good. The chili is too spicy with the cheese fries. Service is very slow so don't be in a hurry.
The food here use to be sooooooo yummy.. Now it's eeeewwww gross they use to have everything FRESH now that they make more money there gettn lazy with the food .. Don't eat here
Four different entres with four friends were ordered and all four were great! Cheesecake and Gelato are fantastic! Great setting and service is paced so you don't get stuffed. Best in Italian for Charlotte.
Beautiful location on the mountain. Beautiful rooms. Probably our family second favorite to the Hilton Squaw Peak. Perfect for an in-town getaway. The pool is huge -- actually called a Water Village -- and tons of fun for kids and grown-ups alike. And, durring the summer, you can stay for around 100 bucks!
I was there last night, two words - CHOCOLATE CAKE! Try it. The cream cheese frosting was an awesome touch with the wonderfully moist cake.
Great little Italian place close to the centre of Phoenix.\n\nI've been here a few times now and had a good experience every time. The food is fresh and the wine selection is great!\n\nPerfect spot for a date night or a lunch out with friends or family!
The bacon board alone could convince me that love can happen again. And I can't wait to return and get my love on.
Best pizza in the 'Burg! They definitely don't skimp on the cheese and the sauce is awesome....it has a fresh tomato taste to it that goes well with the crisp, nutty crust.
No spots like this in LA.  Just thinking about this place Makes me want to drive to Vegas just to order some poke!!!  Definitely worth it to drop by and pick some up for the drive home, and their breakfast choices are pretty good too (Portuguese sausage and eggs mmmmm)!!!!
I use to go here but the quality of the service has gone down hill, 2 days after a pedi my feet are rough again. I'm a guy and need a good job and they have failed to do a good job, going elsewhere.
Consistent work at a good price.  They are always nice and truly love the animals they serve.  I would recommend them.
This Target sucks if you are shopping for clothes, accessories...etc. Good for buying other things but as far as fashions I have to drive to the one on the SW side.
Such a great bakery ! Got 2 different customized cakes done here . They were inexpensive and the most delicious cakes ever. I ordered both about a week before I needed them & they were ready on time . The decorations were exactly what I imagined and more . Definitely recommend this place to anyone that needs to a custom cake !
I have FINALLY found amazing sushi in Charlotte.  I moved from NYC/ NJ and have been dying to find quality sushi around! A little pricey, but what great sushi isn't?  I am a happy camper.
My snowbird parents found this place first. The food is awesome! The service is great and the owner is pretty cool too! So get out of bed and check this place out!
I find this place okay... it gives consistently a-okay food, but nothing great.  The prices are good and the drinks are good.  I find the food a bit heavy.   The salsas tend to be too sweet for my taste and no where nearly spicy enough.  It's a good alternative to other big-box chain.
Always very helpful with nutrition suggestions! Charlie was very helpful in finding the right supplements today.
Service was a little slow at first, but improved. Beer selection is great. Had the Thai flatbread, which was good. Delicious beer battered onion rings. Large and comfortable restaurant.
Great price! Every sandwich is 5$ plus whatever else you want. It's a small menu so not much need to stumble through a list of choices. The pizza sandwich is amazing. They have their own mix of hot peppers too which is delicious! The service is good and friendly.
Pizzookie. It's the mic drop.
Super friendly staff nice and clean. Awesome selection of every kind of food. Happy hour drinks are five dollars what a deal. Desserts are delicious and plentiful. Can't wait to go there again!!!  Tried the bone marrow not my favorite however the steamed salmon was out of this world.
Very good surprise\nWith this buffet\nVery various and nice food\nEven for the breakfast every food including the deserts are present\nI hardly recommend \nCan easily be compared to the wynn buffet
Brunch is El Dorado's savior.  As a food fight restaurant goes, I still think they have the worst service of any.  I would give their service a six, and their food and 8.
Great service and tasty food.  YUM YUM YUM!
The best Chili releno ever!  We will be back!
Ate here again today, still great, good food with good service.
Food was salty, service was OK. I only got 5 skimpy pieces of chicken in my pho ga. :(
This is certainly not a destination place to eat.  What it has going for it is a basic diner menu executed properly.  No frills, no surprises.  The service is always good.  The food is what you would expect.  Basically a safe neighborhood place for breakfast or lunch and now it is in my path I will continue to stop on occasion.
I love this place because it is healthy, quick, and the staff is very friendly and welcoming. There is a register to pick up phone in orders and a takeout order usually is ready within 15 minutes. It is one of the healthiest places around and sure does beat fast food. The menu options are really great too.
Javier's  restaurant has some of the best Mexican food the strip has to offer. The staff is extremely friendly,  and will go out of their way to make your experience enjoyable!
Very disappointed since new ownership took over. Lot less coupons, no more saving when you spend a certain amount and got rid of clearance items. Might as well just shop at whole foods now!
My review for this business can be found on my blog.  DO NOT go to these doctors, or any of their offices.  \n\nhttp://www.alittleblueberry.com/2011/10/life-after-life.html
This is the finest restaurant in the country bar none. Quite possibly, the best restaurant in the world.
This is the best place I have ever taken my car.  The mechanics are so knowledgable and fair.  I will be a customer here anytime I have car troubles.
Best service, yummiest food!
Excellent breakfast spot. Pot of breads are awesome (they are really just breads baked in cupcake size). Had an omelette, customized however you like. Huge portions, friendly service, and quality food!
Came on a Monday at 230pm. Line was ridiculously long and when I asked the host why she retorted \"We have plenty of tables but not enough bus boys to clean. One person can only clean so much.\" With no apology I might add. \n\nHorrible front of house service!!!!
Unfriendly and unhelpful service, and to add to the annoyance they are expensive and only take cash.
The prices seem kind of high and variation of product seems to be low.  I like the place overall since its close.
Moe and the guys are great at this location! Have been going there for about 4 years since they opened this location
The best thing was the pork belly. Wasn't impressed with the rolls, the baked mussels, dessert, or the menu.. I love sushi Kaya way more.
Always solid.  Sashimi is very good.  Specialty rolls are also tops.  They need to block the door from view in the dining room as it looks really dingy and bad in there.  They can benefit from upping their game.\n\nReally good and a regular stop for me.
Was told  by promotors that Thursday Haze plays hip hop.. negative! Expect any Vegas club experience.. Super big.. super crowded!\n\nSean Paul performed that night so that was really cool minus the part that I felt like the crowd didn't even know his old songs. Really annoyed me lol
This a nice hotel. I stayed here for work and they accommodated us in every aspect. The happy hour was awesome after a long day and they have relationships with restaurants around the area that gave us discounts. I hope we stay here again!
The pizza is so fresh and the crust is very soft and crunchy where it needs to be. They are such a great price for the product. We use them all the time.
This is a great neighborhood restaurant.
$1.50 veggie samosas! ! Served with a mint puree and a red sauce. Two of these are a great snack . . Sitting at a table in the grocery isle. Place is authentic and cute.
Outdoor corridor hotel & what happened to the cookies?
I probably would have dined here once a week, but the cook would not serve me vinegar with my pizza because it was not how she was serving it.  Really? What if it is how I wanted to eat it. I eat out 5 nights per week, not one chef ever refused to do anything they could to please.
Great service, they know their stuff. Awesome prices. Ask for one of the Rays. He loves his wife!
$75/night (hotels.com), excellent amenities, and can't beat the quiet campus setting. Ask for room 101.
I guess if you fly USAirways, maybe this airport is good. Maybe it should be named USAirways Charlotte international.   If you fly out of concourse A, good luck.
Best tanning salon in Phoenix! Ann is amazing and gives me the best, natural tan coloring that lasts forever! And to top it off she is so fun to talk to! Love this place and it's owner! Never going anywhere else for a great tan!
This is a fabulous restaurant, very casual and it gets busy at lunch time but the food is amazing. I highly recommend this place for something a little different, I have been going here for more than 10 years!
This Starbucks sucks. First off, the girl rushed me and somehow thought I was done ordering, (interrupted me and told me my price) \"um, I'm not done ordering.\" How rude. They also took forever and didn't even make my drink correct. Such bullshit. Never coming back to this location.
It was good. there were 7 of us. We ordered a table full of items and shared. Excellent lettuce wraps, egg rolls, etc. All in all it was consistent with P.F. Chang's.
I absolutely love Ann Taylor's clothing! The store is clean, spacious & surprisingly neat. There were a lot of great deals (up to 60% off) after Christmas!\nMy only complaint, they need to get more people on the floor to assist customers.
Great for lunch or dinner, some good buys on the wine list, and well prepared food.  My only complaint is that the portions are huge and I overeat.  A wonderful rendition of a french bistro in Arizona.
Been here many times. Always great and fun.
So Sad, I went here the other day craving the ZBQ pizza only to see that they are now CLOSED!!!
I went when I was in Vegas and I was not disappointed
Great atmosphere wonderful service. Food is very good. It's a keeper.
pretty good food at a fair price.
The peanut brittle is great.\n\nThe customer service sucks!
Finally a good little taco place on the South Side.  Very cheap and good.  Definitely better than Emiliano's and on par with Las Palmas.  Check it out.
Thomas our server was impeccable. He is the reason I'd return. The food was really good. I'd say the sea bass was a little bland but the crabcake was one of the best ice ever had.
This place is just an open pavilion with bars and random t-shirt stands.  Don't get the wrong idea, it's not meant to be an entertainment hub (though they do have kareoke) but if you're looking for cheap booze and some drunkie hottie singing off key, this is your spot.
Apparently Hertz only rents cars on day a year and that day happens to be Thanksgiving. Pitiful. There are hundreds of prepaid customers here waiting for cars. Never rent from Hertz again.
Great place to eat. Try the blue cheese dressing.
I was meeting some friends to go hiking and we meet in the plaza where this Terrible Herbst is located.  It was quick to stop, gas up, and be on my way in a short time.  The area is quite clean.
I heart Paletas Betty!  I usually go to the one in downtown Chandler but I was pleased to discover this Tempe location while on the Mill Ave scavenger hunt on 2/12/12.  They are just as delicious as the original location!
I stayed in a suite here. The suite was huge and ran almost the length of the building. The one thing I noticed is that the room showed its age. It was a good experience none the less. check out the buffet while you're there. The pool area was pretty tropical and above average!
Good solid meal. Nice choices on the menu. I had the purple drink, very tasty. Chicken just lacked the flavor I was looking for.  Nice atmosphere!
I'm glad that this place is shut down and hopefully it stays that way. everything was bad and the food is the cherry on top. I went in tried little bit of everything literally ran out the door feeling like I got food poisoned never been back since good reason for it.
Expensive and not very tasty. The chips and salsa are horrible. We will never return... Ever! With Lindo Michoacan is down the street why did we ever stop here???
The stages were cool but it just didn't do it for me after seeing Michael Jackson One the night before.
Earl of Sandwich, I would walk the entire Strip just to get to you... and I have... multiple times. Cheap, quick, and delicious, Earl of Sandwich offers the best cure for late-night drunken hunger after clubbing.
We went to Mr Chao's Friday night to get away from the Wild Horse Pass Resort for a while.  The food is fantastic!  We loved it so much that we went back on Saturday after a full day of golf.  We were told the owner cooks all of the food, try the dumplings.  This is a hidden jewel....
This place is now closed! :( very disappointed. There are no signs out front mentioning the closure but a lady that works at a store next to it mentioned it has been closed for a week and she is not sure why it closed.
Horrible service and food..and they ran out of beans and tortilla.and your a mexican restaurant.
Not very good. I wouldn't eat here even if it's open l ate. Not anymore, at least.
I had the Salmon Caesar Salad yesterday for lunch and lets just say it's my new pregnancy craving! It was amazing! :)
I actually liked the sundries store... They have everything and a well stocked pharmarcy.. Prices are inflated? It is everywhere, not just that store....
Very cool atmosphere.
Good, but not great.  I had higher expectations.  We both tried the grilled mixed seafood plate. My wife didn't like it since things were not cooked all the way through. I liked my dish but flavor and innovation were lacking. Also tried the lobster appetizer...eh, it was ok.
Ordered a chicken Parmesan toasted sub at the guys recommendation. The outside of the sandwich looked pretty good but it was stuffed with thin breaded 'chicken' strips that had meat similar to what you get in a McDonald's chicken nugget. For 8 bucks I expected somewhat better.
I am so happy we selected George and his company to care for our pool and spa.  Our pool and spa have never been cleaner and his prices are reasonable to boot.  George is a very nice man and is easy to work with as well.  I highly recommend Aqualux pool services.
We ate lunch here on New Year's Day when most other restaurants were closed. The food was decent but service was fair. Our waitress forgot to put in our appetizer order which wasn't that big of a deal, but overall not great service.
I'm not usually a sushi fan, but I loved it here!  Service was ok... but the food was great!!
the venetian and palazzo continue to be a great choice for me when traveling to the strip.  i have won several times in both the poker rooms and machines.  the staff is fairly nice and everything is clean.  the hotel portion (rooms) are very close to the venetian and a good value.
This repair shop is great.  They take the time to thoroughly explain everything in terms that you can understand.  They don't do unnecessary work.  I thought I needed brakes and they checked them out and said they were in good shape.  Their prices are reasonable and they have the work done when promised.
WOW!!! They have a Catherine Malandrino Outlet!?! *Happy Sigh* *Unhappy Sigh because I still couldn't justify buying a dress and I couldn't lug it back...*
Are you kidding me? This buffet is ridiculous. I was hesitant when i saw the price but holy cow do you get your money's worth! I will definitely be back! I only wish I had two stomachs to fit all the options, I only made it through about half!
Love it! The older gent that runs the counter talks like some kind of cartoon character.  He is so sweet and welcoming.  Great food too! I will continue to make this a go to place for Japanese food.  Delicious!
Although the location is less-than-obvious, the Neapolitan pizza is terrific.  The service is much better than you might expect from a casual place like Settebello.  And the dessert pizza, with Nutella, looks tasty.
I service was good but the food really lacked much taste..would not go there again
I spent some time in Japan so I go here when I need a fix.  I stock up on the canned coffee and grab a couple of bentos.  Everything is authentic Japanese so it's like being back there again.
The service was ok .. The food never eating here again.. Shared 6 tacos all different kids none where good! Guac was alright not something I will order again !
Tina and Ann are wonderful and I've loved living here for the past 15 months! I love the building, amenities, and location. I would highly recommend living here:)
I like what they've done with the place. It accommodates the college students and those who come here to study. Kind of busy parking lot and the mornings are a bear to get in here. Good service
Located in the Westin in charlotte - Bar 10 is a nice place.  It caters to a wide array of people and tastes.  Kinda pricey given its a hotel bar.  Service is good and convenience is good if you are in the hotel.
I travel at least 75% of the year, and this is by far my favorite place.  Full size kitchen, washer/dryer, comfy beds and large bathrooms.  I wish my apartment looked like this!
As a New Yorker, I have really high pizza standards. And this place is fantastic!
We have renamed this place Airport Sushi. It takes like sushi you get  at the airport. That isn't necessarily bad, it's just not necessarily great.
service is slow, food is one star, place looks like a dump, pleaseeee buy some new chairs on the patio
Cute little free museum in the heart of Scottsdale! The staff are super friendly and knowledgeable!  I could spend a whole day chatting with them! You must walk through if you are in town!
Good ice cream but great environment!  Very cute.
Ordered take out today and they messed everything up and didn't even offer to rectify it. This place used to be good, don't know what happened. Their foods good, but their service sucks.
I'm in Vegas to renew my wedding vows and Aloha happened to be near our hotel.  They are AMAZING! The employees are very friendly and professional. They also had several repeat customers come in while I was there. It was probably THE BEST pedicure I've ever had.
holy fucking freak me out batman\n\nclowns everywhere\n\nnever again\n\nCoulrophobia
So polite & professional! Beautiful job on my nails and toes.. and no problem with special requests!! Cindy did my nails.. LOVE HER!!
Casual and laid back  bar with a great patio area. Service is usually pretty good as is the food. Only complaint is their margaritas taste like turpintine. And they recently replaced my Malibu Rum with... yes, that fake Parrot Bay sh*t. They just lost a star!!
Good food, I had the Cancun burritos and we tried the tacos. I would recommend both. \nOnly complaint is slow service and paying for chips.
Used to love this place but new staff isn't friendly and forgot my shrimp. I went in alone so hate know what they'd forget if it was multiple people. Pho was good
Ordered a pizza at 11:40am it's now 2:35pm and still no pizza. They quoted a 35 minute delivery time
noodles aren't chewy. sauce is mediocre.
Coffe was bland but the espresso was good. Hard to mess up espresso tho I guess. Staff was really nice tho. Starbucks is better and I don't say that lightly.
The worst service  I've ever had. I would have been upset about the service but the food was even worse. Do NOT go HERE. You will be sick with disappointment.
DELISH. Atrichoke sandwich is the way to go! (light on the cheese tho!)
Decent happy hour. The food is okay
Was staying at this hotel and the security completely refused to be reasonable and evicted us without offering to relocate when we got noise complaints. I was in a suite with a stripper pole in the shower. What kind of room has a stripper pole in it that isn't expected to be loud? Never going back. Stupid.
2 stars because they never let ANYONE VALET and they give you shit...  I was dropping good money at every casino on the strip and they all were more than happy to Valet my car, but not PH!  GAY!
Bealls is a bit of a hit or miss!  But it is fun to look around and you can sometimes find some great deals.
After searching high and low for a good nail salon in my area I came across the world nails! The staff is friendly and they do a great job! I am a very meticulous person when it comes to my nails and I like a good artwork. They had it all... definitely a must go to!
The coke still has a funny taste. I was hoping after they remodeled that that would be fixed.
How many people does it take to package 1 cupcake:  1 to write down the order, 1 to get the cupcake out of the case, 1 to put the cupcake in the box, and 1 to ring up the order.  4 people.........for a $3.50 cupcake.
VERY LOUD MUSIC during busy hours. Can't eat if plugging ears. Our table couldn't hear each other talk so decided to write reviews instead.\n\nNormally it's alright. Food only worth the price during late night half price.
Love it :) All fromage Arepa or Cartina are the best :) Lots of cheeese!! love it
I got the brat. I've had better brat at outdoor bbqs. The German bun wasn't that good either.  Sauerkraut was decent.  The salad that came with it was good.  Service was excellent. I'll try something else next time
Maybe it just wasn't MY day, but the restaurant was OK.\nNot bad, but nothing special.\nLoved their beet salad.\nThe crab legs were fine..\nCant say that I really like the staff there. \nNot sure if I come back there.
Above average sushi at a great price. Staff could not be any nicer. We definitely will be back.
Great local pub which has a great selection of both food and drinks. Often have beer festivals and food specials. Staff are welcoming and friendly although it can be slow at bar sometimes. Great atmosphere and welcoming.
Went in today for a set of tires.The price was close to other shops i went to. The people i dealt with where fine, they put on the tires, i paid. people today expect shops to bend over backwards for them, not going to happen. as they say it is what it is. if i needed tires i would go back.
Arrived at 11pm to be told that they oversold the hotel and sent us elsewhere further away. The manager on duty said its there policy to overbook the rooms. It looked unclean and the staff clueless. Avoid at all costs.
We decided to go off the Strip and so glad we did. Its all you can eat sushi or la carte. Everything was on menu was tasty. Service was great as well. Definitely will dine there again when in town.
Try the Bubble Tea!
Love this family owned shop. I brought 7 watches in for battery replacement and 2 watches in for repair. I was charged less than half of what it would've been at a generic mall kiosk. The value is second to none and the service is personable, friendly and honest.
Just okay and the front desk staff can be uppity and unwelcoming.  The food isn't good enough to make up for people up front being rude to walk ins.
Food was really good at this place, but its kind of expensive for what they offer as in the plates. I ordered stir fry vegetable and it was soo small. It probably had only half a carrot and box choy, really? Not a lot of options for vegan people also.
My boyfriend and I eat (too much pizza) here at least once a week. Their lunch deals are just unbeatable. Huge amounts of great food for very little money. Personally, I think this location has the best pizza, since the taste does vary a bit from location to location.
Not only did they lost my bag, but they are not trying to find it.  It's been 24 hours and I can't get ahold of them this Saturday.  59 minutes still on hold as of right now
never order here again... everything ordered was sub par and hardly edible... how to you screw up hot and sour soup, or fried rice????????  like basic chinese food...
This place isn't bad, but I wouldn't go there again. The drinks and food just weren't that good. There are better choices in the airport.
Great food and even better beer. Staff are always friendly.  My favorite microbrewery in the Valley.
Excellent food.\nExcellent Staff.\nVery Clean.\nServes MT DEW
Good food, service is lacking! I used to go to mike and Rhondas the place but it is on bell which is a little far. Service is way better there and for quality is same. Maybe I'll go back
At 3am, everything is delicious. I had the Rib Eye steak sandwich, which was surprisingly not terrible. It's a good place to grab a bite and fall asleep in a booth. I don't know why the f they have Chinese food on the menu.
Have to go back again ! Food is really good and big !!!!!!! The price is reasonable ! They have good red wine list !
Service was pretty good but the food was just \"meh.\" Sushi wasn't that great, and the hibachi was sub-par (the lack of shrimp sauce was a big strike). Steak was tough and overcooked. The shrimp were dry and overcooked. Nothing special.
The soup is yummers today!  Absolutely fabulous!  \n\nI do wish they would offer a soup and sandwich option, though.
One of my favorite restaurants. The food is always delicious and the employees are really helpful if you're not familiar with the menu. I really wish they would update the dinning area though.
Had the all you can eat under the new management and I must say the service was great and fish tasted fresh.  I'll be returning for sure!
I was very disappointed in this one.
If your looking for authentic delicious pupusas this is the place to be! The food is great and affordable. The restaurant is very neat and well kept.
Lots of good food for cheap, but it's still a fast food chain, so don't expect much more than that.
This gym is nice and clean but most of the staff are rude... so rude I am thinking about switching gyms..... 1 star
This is the real deal...authentic Mexican food!! If you've been craving real street tacos, this is the place! Exceptional food, great service and awesome prices! Everything was fresh, from the tortillas to the meat to the guacamole and salsa!
Meh. I came during lunch over Labor Day weekend. It was just ok. Nothing really stood out. I'd have done better with pizza from Paris.
Was at this campus for a LinkedIn event. It was adequate. Building is dated and has that feel. Computer lab was fine but somewhat confining.  The event itself was great though!
Don't pay to get in... Ever
The most luxurious and decadent spa in Las Vegas. Facilities and services are first rate! Separate facilities for men and women. In addition to the hot/wet rooms there is one that is chilly and it snows. Several Roman Jacuzzis at different temperatures.
would have been 5 stars if they had better coffee... the breakfast was outstanding!!
Great food and fast delivery- there was an extra dish in the bag, but so tasty we didn't mind the bump in price :)
Definitely loved coming here and learning about all the different Native American cultures. I would recommend taking the guided tour as I learned so much more than if I had wandered around by myself.\n\nThey have a nice shaded courtyard with a cafe and two shops
Decor was beautiful. Service was spotty but friendly. Food was surprisingly bland (fillet Mignon, calamari, prawns & sauteed mushrooms.) Spent $89. Maybe it was an off day. Received a nice apology from management on line after review.
First experienced at this restaurant and I thought it was really nice,  well presented,  great taste. Prices are comparable to other fine sushi restaurant and I think it is appropriate for what I had. recommended from my experience.
Place is ghetto. Dirty,smells and unsafe.parking garage is horrible lacks and missing signs to direct cars, an accident waiting to happen. Avoid like the plague.
If you want to learn about Native American art and history, this is a good place to do it at.
Staff is friendly and helpful. I was a little worried after Spouts took over Sunflower location, but it is still great! The produce is still a great price and good quality. My friends are able to get gluten free items. The deli is nice too.
Clean, great atmosphere, great service and techs take their time for a good job! I had Mary and she was great. They currently offer 20% off all services... Made a great deal!
It was a perfect way to spend Valentine dinner.  Perfect view, amazing staff and the food is beyond awesome
Good fast food mexican place close to the office. Attached to a Sinclair gas station so filler up, car wash and mexican dinner! 3 for 1 as I call it!
I ordered the Pulled Pork. It was missing the smoke but the meat was tender.
We went there for dinner on a Monday. Burger buns were burnt, the ribs were burnt as well. The toast was served with the food and as hard as a rock. For the price, I would go somewhere else.
good food.  horrible service (even when no other customers are around).
If I had the opportunity to rate It Half stars I would easily give this hotel just that. The service was horrible because clearly there is none. I feel the only reason people go here is the casino. \n\nTip- stay elsewhere then go to their casino. Aloha
Been here with my Ex three years back the eight course for two was phenomenon.....
So, the food was very good, not as good as Gordon R. Burger or the Burger bar @Mandalay.\nThe interior here is cool and wait stuff is very friendly and helpful. I like it!
Fish tacos here are fantastic!!!
Decent place, usually my go to spot for Mariscos. Great ceviche and cocteles. Might not be your best option if you're not too fond of raw seafood, since a lot of dishes contain raw or undercooked seafood. Also, live band all the time.
I have been a repeat customer for years. Not a visibly high class place, but always seems to be clean and the staff are friendly. It is a reliable and consistent place to grab a meal.
The ice-cream was ok! I got a caramel macaron and it was sooo bad!! I think it was in their fridge for years :(
Food is okay. Service is okay. D\u00e9cor is okay. Tables/booths are okay. What else can I say, but Chompie's is just okay.
Food was not good.  Made Teach Bell taste like 5 star.  Carnitas were so tough they were like old jerky.  Will never be back!
It is an average Italian restaurant. The view of Pittsburgh is nice but that is all this place is. Food and decor is not exciting, the service is not special. I was here with a large group and everybodys impression was the same 3 star food in a 3 star establishment. They have a full bar.
Food so good I'd lick the plate. Service makes you feel like your in a four star restaurant. T
We need more places like Frances in Phoenix. So quaint, so unique. \n\nRange of selection is great, prices are high and low, just depending on the merchandise. My favorite is the stationery. \n\nThis is my go-to for sweet gifts.
Moved from Phoenix ten years ago but still crave a cheese pizza and buffalo wings from this place.
Huge warehouse like bar and grill with strange Djs that play country along with hip hop and rap tracks to throw everyone off. The funny thing is that most people are dancing to the twerk songs rather than the 2 step! Its an average bar with average food and average girls.
Horrible service and horrible food. How does 4 parties that got seated after you get their food before you? Even Carl's Jr has better burgers than this place. Avoid this place like the plague.
Excellent!!! Came here for dinner on New Year's Eve, and had the beef cheek. Food was excellent, and service quite attentive, for such a busy night.
Awesome experience. Thanks, Brenda!
Amazing!  Jim is an incredible, hands on instructor who truly gets \"it.\"  He makes students feel comfortable as supported, while attending to the spiritual component of yoga practice.  I felt challenged, exercised and centered after class.  Love this environment, will be back soon!
I only visit Mesa once a year, but I always make sure to eat at Waldo's. They serve my favorite BBQ, period. And don't miss the grilled vegetables - they're done perfectly.
Sishi -- not fresh, below average, overpriced. Atmosphere -- like Benihana, nothing special. The chefs were not creative when they cooked in front of you and it was a bit boring.  We payed $150 for 2 people and  walked out unsatisfied.
I went here in January and have to say I had an enjoyable time. It's a large hotel and sometimes it's hard to find where you are going. The breakfast I'd ok and most importantly, the rooks were clean.
I would say Jun's is not my favourite Korean place.It is just quick and the service is good. I go to this place because it is close to my house sobI don't have to go to China town or I want something quick. However,I still would recommend it to anyone who live in the area.
This place is great if you want Asian food that is good and consistent. I always get the szechuan chicken bowl, tom kah soup, and crab rangoon. It's cheap and delicious.
I have had to visit this place a few times with a group. The food is generally very dry and doesn't seem very fresh. Unfortunately, the reopening has not improved the food one bit.
So the service was bad. I must admit I really liked what I ordered however my boyfriend was extremely displeased with the quality of his meal. First time we've been to this place, probably won't be back. From what I've read the only thing that sounds good is their bar.
Definitely the best fish taco place in the area! Everything was fresh and delicious. I wish this place was closer to Chandler so I can eat there every day.
Crazy packed. It is the hip and cool bar right now... Drink prices are ok.
Not a bad store for finding interesting vintage \"stuff\"...I didn't find anything I liked, but maybe it just wasn't my style.  Definitely worth at least ONE look!
Always fabulous!  My father in-law enjoyed his cheesesteak.
I like this place. I don't love it, but I do like it a lot. It's a Charlotte institution, and the food is very good. The only thing that threw me off is that the onion rings are very soft... not thick as expected. Still good.
Very pushy and annoying, just trying to sell as many services as they can.stay away from them unless you are just going for a basic car wash.\nThe quality of work they did was ok, not with it.
I'm traveling through Madison and am really glad I stopped here. It's a really cool spot and the people working there know their stuff. Don't be afraid to try something new; if you're not a tea junkie then chances are you might be pleasantly surprised by something they've got behind the counter. Enjoy!
Nice but seventies tacky!  What were they thinking?  Walked in and walked out after 30 minutes.  Aria is excellent and we stayed at Vdara!!!
This used to be my favorite but now has lost its lovin feeling. Slow service rude waiters. View is still good. Not worth the wait and very cramped with tables. Only a few inches from may table to the next. Staff appears not to care anymore. This place is off my list. Too many other great restaurants in town.
I give'em 4 stars, wifey would probably give'em 5. A fun place for locals & tourists to check out a really neat water fountain display that shoots hundreds of feet in the air. Stop by the Fontana bar and grab a drink on your way out to enjoy the show.
Fun local neighborhood place to go. Old school Italian! Friendly staff with character!! Great pasta and fish special!  Italian wedding soup super per my 11 yr old. BYOB great too!
Dane County was a fun and warm airport. Although it's small, there was plenty of food and drink options. For the business travelers, I did not notice any wifi stations or recharging stations.
Food is ok at best, wings are way over rated.
First time in town and first time visit. Food was good but not great.  The drunk with her dog sitting at the adjacent table was not a good first expression especially with small children. The wait staff appeared to be brain dead. The kept bringing the wrong order to our table. Will not return the next time in town.
We are LOCALS. Station Casinos SUPPOSELY love locals. We are not pleased. We were ripped off by a bartender. I will NEVER walk into that dump again. GAME OVER.
I've lived in Vegas for over 12 years and this is my favorite mexican.  The food is always fresh, cooked to perfection and very affordable.  I've never been there and not been happy.  Their homemade salsa and chips start you off and then it's a wonderful experience.
Nice spot but the wine machines were down, lol! Love the general experience and encourage everyone to come here. Still, I prefer this establishment over your basic  amc.
The only reason I came here was because the TI provided us with a 2 for 1 coupon. The food was over cooked and greasy, and some just tasted funny. The desserts were the only things that we ok, not horrible but not great either. Very disappointing!
Great greens, sweet potatoes, and Mac and cheese.  Chicken was flavorful and crispy but unfortunately dry.
Bad food, bad service. We will not be back.
Not a good experience,  I went with my husband for a physical and they didn't do anything.  All they did was send him to another doctor for a colonoscopy. No blood work or tests of any kind.  I  specifically asked for my husband to be given a  complete physical including a shingles shot,  which they refused to give him.
Picked up a car was fine but I reserved a car to return at different station. All information I received was wrong, I called call center and they gave me wrong info. The number they gave me was useless because takes forever to get LIVE person.
I love this place-computer access all the time-no waits-the staff is very helpful if you need assisstance. Great quality print jobs with their printers & copiers. It mayost a few bucks to use the computers but they are faster  and better quality then the library or internet cafes.
FAIL!!!!!  \nThis place is no longer in existence! I asked around for the whereabouts of this place and the employees of Golden Gate Hotel acted like they never even heard of this place. WTF!?!
Poor customer service. Both myself and my friend had the shop keepers follow us (separate occasions). I went in ready to spend money and decided that I didn't wish to support bourgeoise holier than thou and went down the way to the toy store where they don't hawk eye you.
Didn't like the serves , took them for ever to get us a server. Maybe it because we came at 10. But the one in deer valley is much better.
Had the shredded beef bowl. AWESOME! Perfect rice, well seasoned pintos, tender and lean beef all with a citrus-cilantro-mint sauce to tie it together. Chicken soup would cure the worst of colds!!!
Love this place.  It's usually pretty quiet, which I appreciate.  They do a great job and give you a shoulder massage while your nails are drying.
Average sushi. They do have a vast roll selection.
Wow-I am shocked by the poor reviews! I LOVE this place and the staff has always been super friendly! The grilled chicken rolls and the crunchy rolls are awesome! The pho is really fresh and they have THE BEST broth in town!
i haven't yelped for a long time but this place was excellent from the service to the wide selection on the menu. if you are in the longeuil area and looking for a good breakfast joint I highly recommend stopping by this place.
Absolutely amazing. Salmon tostadas, Tuna tostadas and Black Cod are fantastic. Food is fresh, flavorful and carefully presented. The owner is a real gentleman and true craftsman. We dine here several time a week. What a find!
Being from Hawaii we decided to try this place we were so disappointed the fried won ton was like mini gau gee without the meat.  the duck was greasy and mostly fat, the beef brocolli cake noodles lacking and manapua really?  maybe it was an off day but I do not think I would go again.
Only stayed here because of a snowstorm and because the seven other hotels, I called were booked. I was not satisfied with my stay.
Cadre sympathique, bon service et surtout de bonnes bi\u00e8res
Asian buffets are a guilty pleasure of mine. Cheap, pretty tasty and all you can eat. It can't get much better than that. This place gets pretty busy and they still maintain pretty good service and keep the food stations clean.
Just not that good. :( But I guess it's a chain, so that'll do. Not sure how it compares to other CLT pizza places but I think next time I'll pass.
This Whole Foods is larger than most I've been in. Friendly staff & a great gluten-free section if you're in need of those hard-to-find products. Went at prime shopping time & it wasn't busy at all.
I love Randy's!  I grew up in the Midwest and places like this are plentiful.  Here in the valley, especially Scottsdale, have few options for home style food at affordable prices.  I've never had a bad meal here and the pie is fantastic!
I decided to give Culver's a second chance and I'm glad I did. The service is very friendly and the chipotle cheese curds I ordered were pretty good. I was surprised how spicy they were! I've also come back for the frozen custard I can't get enough of it!
I caught Divas at The Linq Theater fabulously hosted by entertainer and ER nurse Brian Keith. It was raucous, hilarious and inappropriate on a grand scale and that was just Mr. Keith. I defy anyone, no matter how uptight, to keep from singing along.
Love, Love, Love the Hash House!! Huge portions, chicken and waffles rock!!  Can't wait to visit the one at Mohegan Sun!!! Thanks for coming to the east coast!!
Good food. \n\nAwful service stick to delivery if you have to actually deal with anyone in the store you'd probably want to punch them.
Sticky tables, loud, mediocre food for the price, decent saki selection bumped it to 2 stars.  Look for better.
Wow, If only no stars was possible. They are by far the worst cab company ever. Terrible service and always something new.The dispatcher is really rude, also the cab drivers are always  confused as to where they are going. Not structured, not clean, and not welcoming.
Do I have to give it a star?  Awful in every way you fear an airport restaurant will be. Quasi-cheese seems to be the primary ingredient in the food. The drinks are watery. The service is indifferent.
Look good to me  Burger Bar will look
No expectations.. just go see the show.
Reminiscent of Midwest pizza. Liking both the thin and thick crust and the Italian Beef sandwich is very nice! I also am a fan of the Kiltlifter beer they have on tap. Comfortable place to meet friends and have a couple brewskis!
The worst 3 hrs of my life... Never will I do this again. I rather of slept then go thru this. Don't go through this it's not worth it and a waste if a weekend getaway.
Freddy quoted us $2000 for the exact same work that a plumber recommended by a colleague ended up doing for less than $400.
What a complete shithole!  Sorry....but damn!  The food was nasty in the restaurant and not one person was winning anything.  It also stunk like a huge butt inside!
Good, not great.  I'm sure there must be better places in AZ.
Uri and Steve are awesome. Great watches to custom priced right engagement rings. They are the best. Check them out!!
Everytime I come here, its never a disappointment. Always delicious food and very fresh. Food items always change seasonally. Try their seasonal food items! :D the appetizer eggplants are amazinggggg.
Great website, great customer service and the most beautiful, creative and innovative flower arrangements.  Personal follow up on the phone after placing the order online was a big plus, and the suggestions made by the customer service rep made the arrangement even more impressive. Great to work with!
It doesn't get the press that the Desert Botanical Gardens gets and it certainly isn't as spectacular, but it is free, educational, and really quite beautiful - well worth the drive to Cave Creek.
Neat vibe, lots of seating and really good lattes. The $4 guacamole with nachos is a good deal. Vegan.
We love this place. They are nice, reasonably priced, fresh, and really tasty.
food is fantastic...I have eaten here at least 5 times.  Service is pretty much always less than fantastic but the food makes up for it!
Not that great but worth the money if you buy tix 4 tonight. Service is so so and quality of meat is not as great as Fogo or Texas De Brazil.
Its OK.. gives something for the kids to do in AZ! Kind of smells like dirty socks all the time, and I am always scared of the big kids shoving the small kids out of the way.
Disappointed Emeril was not there. ;) \n\nLoved the new orleans fish house, I've been to many of Emerils restaurants this was one of my top favorites mainly because I'm a big fish eater. You can never go wrong with what you pick here.
Great location but low on amenities.  HVAC system is ancient and the noise factor on Fifth Avenue is problematic. The price is nice but that's all I can say about the positive.
Yum, yum, yum!!! We had a long wait due to short hand staff, but the food was amazing!! The burgers are so good and there are a ton of sauces for your fries! Start with the pretzels for an appetizer too!
Yesterday, mid day, the bartender was also working in the kitchen, there was one server and the plumbers were there. You can imagine how bad the service was and we sat at the bar! Nice beer selection though!
Great location, great view and good food. The customer service is top notch too.
This theater is the best! Great seating and good food. Great place to take a date or a good friend from out of town. Service is extremely friendly.
This place is truly fabulous. The best eyebrow threading I have ever had, I am a fan. They are really quick too and so nice. Good customer service goes a long way. Get yourself over here, you'll be glad you did.
Great place to see up-in-coming artists while they are still students at ASU. No entry fee, but drop something in the donation jar.
This Starbucks closes late so that's the upside it has a cool patio and the inside is nice just the one thing I have to complain about is the Internet it sucks but I you come here for anything else it's all good.
Buffet was pretty good.  Loved the crab legs.  The apple cinnamon crepe was exceptional.  Glad we got there early because the line moved slow.
Seriously? Four tiny pieces in the $14 yellow tail ceviche?  Ripp off.
The original Cirque Du Soleil was AWESOME and with every copy it goes down in quality a notch. Ugh. Fun amusing evening, but just...ok. Kinda like the Monte Carlo and Paris on the Strip, the originals are better.
Meal was a bit too salty and service was unacceptable.  Had to approach the waiter to both order and pay.  Waiter did not even ask how I was doing in midst of my meal.  Would not recommend it nor would I return.
Favorite gas station! Why aren't they in California?!?
Great place in Vegas to grab a quick tan! Very friendly staff!! Loved the bed selection as well!!
Whenever we go to Las Vegas, the Palm is a must for us.  Service was just outstanding and the food just wonderful.  Calamari very good, salad was wonderful and Steak cooked just perfectly.
Ive watched this bar go through a lot of changes, some good, some bad.\n\nIll always love \"Sneaky Petes\" though. Great dive bar, really nice bartenders (particularly the gal who goes between the bar and the booth).
The employees here always have such great attitudes I would come here just for the service if the the burgers weren't so amazing
Dude this shit's hurtin.
Really great job done on my car with a good price to boot. I recommend this place for your car audio needs for sure. Tony, the guy who runs the place, really takes care of you as a customer. I have gone here twice already and couldn't be more pleased with the service!
This place is slipping. They never seem to get the order correct.  Last night, nearly stale hard french bread on chicken sandwich.  Will write an update regarding a subsequent visit.
Awesome food, awesome service and dirt cheap. I had chicken teriyaki and he threw in egg rolls for free. Food took less than 3 minutes and was ready to go with all accompaniments nicely laid out for me. Really fantastic.
As of today, I have yet to receive my $75 refund for the return of the materials.  \n\nBluegreen = BIG F-CKING FAIL!!
Maintaince and maid service should be better.
Best salon ever. \nTruly kind and know their stuff.\nMy hair color is gorgeous!!!\nAwesome prices!\nAnd the MEN and BOYS haircuts are $5!\nLove this place\nIf you want a good haircut go there!
I don't even like cake, but, the best dessert I have ever had is the Burnt Almond Torte from Prantl's! It is so delicious, nothing compares!
I always try to stop in whenever I'm in the area. Good people, good food. I recommend El Penasco to everyone I know.
\"Not that there's anything wrong with it...\"\n\nMy bad. Lisa G is not a card carrying member of the Ellen club. Nope. Straightie through and through. So go to Lisa G and eat her balls.
A little pricey for small portions.
This place is SO FUN! I took my fiance there for his birthday. We got the upgraded seats which were so worth it. We both had such a good time! The food was great and everything was so reasonably priced. We spent less on food and drinks than we would have if we had gone out to eat before the show.
Last night first time.  Had take out.  This was a test to see if I liked the food and have my judgment distracted by the service or ambiance \n\nWell my wife and  I loved it.  So much so that we will be their Monday night!  Last star awaiting actual visit for service, etc.
We used to frequent this place for lunch about 10 years ago. Had dinner this evening and good was mediocre at best. Chips and guacamole were bland. Food was Americanized. The chicken in the enchiladas was dry. Had to douse with lime and pico de gallo. Disappointing.
Fun vibrant place downtown. We went for Taco Tuesday. Carnitas Taco's $2.00 and $1.00 Coronitas. Very good. Some of the best Taco's I've had in Vegas   Service was average but very friendly. Looking forward to returning
I'm giving this place 1 star because I just walked in with my mother n daughter asked for the all-u-can eat and the waiter says \"make sure you cannot share anything\"...no shit Sherlock....
Walked in here an tried only clam chowder , as I know this is the only place in Vegas that serve chowder in a bun, very tasty and creamy. Place is very clean and modern;)
Pretty good dancing music. Very crowed though with a long line. If you are with just girls you can try to cut the line. We did and got in for free. I couldn't of imaged waiting! Not very many places to chill unless you get a VIP table.
probably one of the worst pedis. she cut my big toe nail too short. it bled a little
Group of six had an outstanding meal - risotto to die for
This place is A-OK, I sat outside and there is a good view of the strip.  The drinks were strong and staff was friendly.  It was OK
Best burgers I've ever tasted. Everything here is good. I love the truffled fries. I try something new each time and I never regret coming here. Bachi is truly amazing.
Love this hike! It's doable at a fast or slow pace, + still a good workout all around.\nNo need to park on the street either, there's usually plenty of parking in the lot outside the entrance.
Service was good, for pizza you can't beat Grimaldi's.  We tried the soup, toasted raviolis and chopped salad, meh on everything.
Always nice to come here for lunch. The sandwiches are of course made super fast and the staff is uniformly friendly.
War zuf\u00e4llig hier. Der D\u00f6ner hat auf Anhieb geschmeckt. So sollte er sein. Der Umweg lohnt sich f\u00fcr mich.
Great atmosphere! Great food! What an awesome way to spend a late Sunday afternoon in the sun.  Outside patio is worth the wait.
This airport is fine. Gets the job done, but it is not an airport I would choose to spend an extended amount of time in.  There simply isn't much that is exciting to eat or buy here.  Most other good-sized airports that I have been in have much better dining and shopping options for those of us with layovers.
Service is pretty fast, and the chicken legs are always well cooked. The meat is very moist and tender and full of flavor.\n\nThis restaurant does not offer any waiter service, so just bring your plate to the station after you're done.
The food was pretty good and the price was great. It was a little hard to find, but the service was great.
I was hoping for more from The Heritage. Two us had a starter, a drink, and a main. It came in over $100, and I left hungry. We walked down the street and had a slice of pecan pie and fries at Graze.
A absolute love this place. My husband and I have been coming here for years now. Never a disappointment. Everyone I bring here with me becomes a lover. I always get the ll you can eat and the variety of sushi and appetizers is amazing. I recommend the tiger Yamasaki roll or the matsuri roll.
We love this place.  It is the first place in the area that we have liked.  The food was great!  The service was slow on our last visit, but I just think it was our waiter.  We feel very lucky to have such a great place so close to home.
This place is hard to find in the San Tan mecca of stores.  I had to call to get directed in.  Servers were nice.  The food portions were very small but tasty.  I wasn't overly impressed with the sauces.  They were decent but i have had better.
nice place.  came here to celebrate a friends birthday.  they charged us for bringing our own cake.  not nice for a group of med students.  no parties here again
Their side dishes have very little flavor.
This place has totally gone downhill. It's too hot in there, they dont serve wine and the person doing my nails was a trainee. Nail color selection is awful. Not sure what's going on but don't make the trek. My friend and I thought it was awful.
I visit often.  Love the white salsa, great food, good prices.
My honey asked to eat good home cooked comfort food! (For us that's Island grindz-Hawaiian style)
Custard pancake was delicious, fluffy with a sweet custard taste. 2 stars for sloooooow service and a very forgetful waiter. Pricey for the overall experience.
This restaurant is always a treat. Great food and great service. The outside area is a wonderful experience.
Unless they moved this place and we couldn't find it, it's closed. Casino Montelago close down and this restaurant was inside the casino.
Food was amazing.  The terrace with the fountains made for a very unique dining experience, but indoor would have been more romantic for us.  Service was on par for a restaurant of this level.  Cost was less than what I expected for a restaurant of this level.  I would recommend this restaurant for anyone in Las Vegas.
Worst Pharmacy on this side of Town. Understaffed every time I visit.
It takes awhile to get a seat, even if it's not busy. And every time I go there I pay with debit and on top of the tip I leave them they take an extra 10%, no matter how large the bill is.
The food is excellent. The service, one of the best I have seen at any Indian Restaurant's.\n\nTheir Biryani is very tasty, the pa Kora s - perfectly sprinkled with tiny salty spices and the mood music was superlative too. Love this place.
Well the service was good but I just didn't care for the food. I found the food to be bland and just not very flavorful. I have definitely had better and I have definitely has worse. Your call.
Family friendly, affordable and best of all the food is amazing!!!! I ordered the Spicy Fried Chicken and the Family Style Tofu. The Beef pies or buns are savory!
Heard about how good desserts were here. Decided to try. Frozen hot chocolate was whatevers. Tastes like chocolate shake. Nothing special. Decor didn't even look that good.
Was not expecting Mexican food to be this good in vegas! I will definitely eat hear the next time where in town.
Sins dis is da hom op the kawntis eswiming tim den ay tik dis plis to bi da bes in tawn. Olimpik says kuno!
I had very high expectations on this restaurant and I was not impressed. The food was fantastic, great flavoring. Again, vegan options were available. The atmosphere was too sort of club like which is the reason I did not enjoy it very much. The service was good but not that great!
Average at best.\n\nQueso with Spinach was good but everything with queso had to have spinach. \n\nWorks well for people in that area.....
Here at fantastic sams kids are getting there haircuts for the first time here no waiting just walked right in friendly staff I will come again.
I like this location. I do sales in the area and it is always quick and affordable.  If I bring others to dine it is not as fast but you get good healthy food for an affordable amount. My customers seem to like it as well.
I just finished the final leg of age-related repairs on my car.  The car is running smoothly and I had great service again.  Glad to be done with car work, but will not hesitate to take my car back to Greulichs when needed.
Yes the pizza is the best in the burgh.  But don't don't forget the wings.  They also have the best wings in the burgh.  They don't deliver.  They don't have to.  I'd drive for miles.
It's a super dark, kind of gothy bar, but we had a great time. The drinks were a great price, the bartender was always really nice. We stopped by in the afternoon before a concert so it was pretty quiet at the bar.
Food was good had chicken waffles and the salty shake, the shake was exceptional, if anything I will go back for that. The staff was pleasant and helpful. Will recommend to visitors.
Stepped in for a Passport Photo. Service was very friendly & prompt. I was in & out in under 5 minutes. Thanks!
Great dive bar. Good service at the bar. Awesome specials. Regular bar food but it is what it is. And if your in the mood to kill time it's great!
This is a good, cute little place near McGill campus...It's a great place to come to get some reasonably priced and healthy food near campus. The quesadillas are great and the food is definitely worth the money.
This place is amazeballs. If you are stuck here late at night there is a Ruby's that stays open until 12 PM. Plenty of places to plug in your phone or laptop and friendly staff makes this one of my favorite airports, even if I lost the bank in vegas!
The Bunnies were grumpy. Sexy but grumpy. Boo. \n\nIf you watch Girls Next Door - don't expect the same experience.
Great Mothers Day brunch. First time at Terrace Cafe but will not be the last. After reading reviews about the Red Velvet Waffles that is what I had to have and they were outstanding. My wife had Cold Water Lobster Benedict. She let me taste it and it was to die for.
The food and service is great!!! I get the 2 meat combo ever time I go in. You get a decent amount of food for the price. I personal like the smoked ribs and brisket. I have no complaints.
A great location...\nQuick and easy near the trains...\nKind of a ghost town...
My wife and I love this place. The Teharu roll is my favorite. Sometimes it is on the belt but most of the time you have to ask for it. No worries as they make it fast and bring it to you.
Excellent Thai food.  Small intimate location with good service.  We are repeat customers.  The location is clean and employees are friendly.  They also deliver within a reasonable distance.
You get what you pay for.  Not fancy but clean.  Great front desk, great complimentary breakfast.
Tried to go here but it is permanently closed...Thanks for the updated info Yelp!  Drove out there and thankfully found Lenero!
After trying this place a couple of times, I have to say I'm not going back. I wanted to like it but the yakisoba noodles on a bed of rice doesn't make sense to me. My daughter didnt' find the orange chicken that great either. Too bad, really like the quaint garden area.
Talk about Tacos!!! \nWelcome to the mother land, nothing like a Mexican subway!! Love their tacos, everything is cooked to perfection; one of my favorite taco places in Vegas!! \nIt's a little crowded but hey more people too mingle with, enjoy.
I love the market and the food is wonderful.
I grew up in Northern NJ, and I consider myself somewhat of a pizza snob. Pizzeria Bianco deserves its high rating - the pizza was great.
I have seen a lot of shows here.  It's really nice and brings some amazing productions to the city.  \n\n(and I also saw the Great Gatsby ballet that another commenter mentioned!)
Had 5 different shades of tints to offer. Everyone was extremely friendly and laid back. Very affordable pricing. I got limo all the way around and upgraded to the ceramic film. Also had my headlights blacked out. Came out amazing and I was in and out in about an hour. Great service, 5 stars easy.
This restaurant is closed down.  I went there 2 times and it was always closed.  What a waste of my time.\n\nYelp - please mark this restaurant as closed.
Price - reasonable range\nService - prompt and friendly \nAtmosphere - parking kind of hard but has a nice outdoor area . Overall neat and hip\nFood - flavorful :) pretty decent overall.
Had the Ranchildo.  Real good.  Bottomless chips and salsa.  Our kids got free sundaes!  Service was great.
The food is mediocre and is overpriced. They give out very small portions and the wait was very long. The fish is very dry and tasteless. The steaks had no flavor. The only reason to come here is the view, the food needs some improvement.
So so. The menu lacked lots of green-vegi choices. Name should be various meat and tofu proteins and green drinks. Veggie Garden Burger was just a pale bocaburger (no veggie or garden in it), my wife a life long vegetarian could not eat it.
I've only had take-out from this restaurant, so I can't comment on the dining area.  The food is delish.  Very good sized portions and freshly prepared.
I Love Russo's! They have very delicious food. Their Pizza is the best in town!
Kinda pricey for the portions.  But the assorted BBQ platter was rocking ($28). Everyone around was drinking water (Drinks cost $12-$20).
I had such a great time on this club crawl. I really liked that I didn't have to decide on where to go next or how we would get in and how much we'd have to pay for cover. All of my decisions were made for me! All I had to do was have fun :)
Probably my favorite new place downtown - like an unpretentious, friendlier, and easier to get a table Old Fashioned. Good drink specials, love the pretzel bun, and their bloody mary. They also have a Belly check-in for those of you using that service.
This is the absolute worst motel I have ever seen.  Was put up there by delta airlines as they had to cancel our flight.  I walked in the room to find a huge cockroach on the floor.  The room just smelled.  I didn't sleep all night.  Filthy!
Wow fuck this place. Worst experience ever. Go to pink nails it's way better
Ive been there several time for menu selection. There have a lot of good menu to choose from  But the service is not good whenever I go there and the cleanness is bad even though they have open kitchen
This is an AWESOME store! He has some really great Mid-Century pieces and a ton of other really good \"las Vegas\" style stuff. I love this place, and always do a walk through when in the area!
ok so we all know that mcdonalds is awesome. there's nothing i can complain about. EXCEPT that here, they tell you they gave you a straw in your bag but you look in it after you drive away and it's not there. Liars!
Again, a perfectly prepared ribeye steak!  The veggie skewers were delicious!!!! Only 1 criticism would be the wait staff.  I know it's busy, but took 6 minutes after we sat down, to get drinks ordered. Other than this, a wonderful meal.
It was straight- I enjoyed this place and I will return.
Spicy tuna roll is pretty good, big pieces of tuna, not the usual mayo mix. Nice sushi chefs, good happy hour prices, not a large sushi selection though.  (They did tell me they were in the process of expanding it.)
2.5 breakfast spot, i gave three because of the service.  The breakfast is kinda greasy/oily, which i usually like, but this was a bit much though...\n\nI would rate this place higher if they lowered the prices and moved people thru like a diner should.
Tried several dishes here, the rib-eye is the best if what I had.  Seems over priced, but good for a business dinner.  Don't think I would spend my own money here.
I've bumped up my review because one of the owners responded and really seemed to care about addressing the situation I described. I agree that giving the place a totally negative review because of some bad customers is not fair to the business. So, a solid three stars for fun. The kids do love it.
A literal s--t storm, coming up the shower drain. Ricardo was here sooner than stated and worked diligently and politely to complete the job, a job priced very fairly.
Just finished a fantastic meal here.  I feel like I'm in Germany!  The service was amazing.  Excellent recommendations from my server.
Very dissapointing. I went there last night with 3 friends. I waited for 15 minutes without anyone seating us and then we waited another 15 minutes at a table without anyone coming up to us, even to give us menus. We left. I really hope this place gets their act together. I live downtown and I want it to do well.
I always love this place whether I come for breakfast, lunch, dinner or just drinks.  Its a really relaxed environment.  Perfect place to just hang out and eat, drink, chat, etc.  Sometimes it gets a little busy, but its usually worth the wait.  I absolutely love the Pumpkin Porter, which is only around in October and November.
I came here a few times when friends dragged me.  It was very much a Scottsdale crowd. It was actually kind of boring.  Drinks were over price and the people sucked BAD.
Delicious! I will definitely return to this buffet. The dessert and food selection were perfect.
While the location is sketchy, the cheesesteak sandwich is great.  I prefer extra cheese and all the veggies. I've been for lunch and dinner and never to so smokey that I did not want to eat there.  This is a simple neighborhood bar that serves a great cheesesteak!
Resort fee is bogus.  Hotel hosted radio station party at pool, opened it up to public, leaving no room for guests.  I was told by manager that guests should reserve their chair at 9am if they want a spot.  A lot for pleasing the customer. We will be  spending our money elsewhere next time
Bad haircut, filthy place.  Also kind of expensive.  Nice guys, though.
Get place to eat and get away...i love the red curry yummmmmmmmmmmmm
Always a great meal, tomato moz sandwich amazing, focia pizza amazing
The best place in town as far as I'm concerned! Peter is exceptional place is spotless, quiet and professional
The atmosphere is great. One of waiters is less than friendly. We realize it's not a steak house but my sister asked for medium rare sirloin it came out medium we'll. we kindly sent it back and the second time it came out well done.The food was not good and I will not be returning.
Old tired room. Noisy drain. Spring on door that is supposed to automatically close the door doesn't work, iron so calcified that I had to have it replaced, smells like air freshener, hilton garden in feels better.\n\nWill pick a different hotel next time
This place was just ok... over priced for what you get. If you want a really good breakfast spot try coffee pub!!
Bad experience. The place is crowded with group tourists from China. Waiting time is long. But the quality and quantity of the food are also surprisingly bad. Will not visit the place again.
Great Pizza and great service enough said
I went elsewhere to pick my dinner up because they didn't think it important to include a phone number. It doesn't make sense.
Pretty decent for americanized mexican food but I expected a place with nacho in their name to do a much better job with nachos. We left satisfied and the service was good but nobody in the group was anxious to return.
Worked out on the treadmill today and a person started sweating and wiping his sweat all over the controls of the treadmill. Have some respect to others man.
I know its just a gas station, but this has to be the cleanest Qt I have ever been to.
Awesome crispy roasted potatoes with the ribeye.  Service needs some work. Good food and atmosphere. Worth a try, just good luck with an upbeat server.
Meilleur pain \u00e0 l'ail au monde! Mais service un peu lent...
Wendy is the best at eyebrows. I lived in vegas most of my life and found her when I was in process of moving to LA. 6 years later or so, I literally schedule\nMy trip when she is available to do my eyebrows. Excellent. I don't go anywhere else.
Forgot to give me my animal fries , never went back for them , first time ever mistake
Good staff with decent food but not the bacon Mecca I was hoping for. I gotta have more bacon!!
Yeah, doubt I'll be back. Been there once before, but not my favorite. It's your local dive bar with below average greasy food and in a dire need for an update, including new bar stools which is the only seating they have.
I always have a great time gambling here!!!
This place needs an update. The restroom facilities were disguisting, and they only offered four bathrooms stalls for men. No power outlets offered. Better off, staying away from this place.
Angie Bosco is consistent , reliable, and on top of current hairstyle fashion.  I have been going to her for years and she continues to impress. Nothing is a sure thing in Vegas except for her quality.
Hidden location in a dead strip mall. We came in for dipped cones, which were delicious---as expected. Service was fast and friendly. Would recommend this location.
Decent burgers, but nothing fancy. The fries could also use some love. They are quite soggy without much flavor. \nIf you want to hang out with family and friends, and if you don't care much about food quality, then Zipps is where you should go.
I have never painted before and was so pleased with the results!  Erica is amazing, and her instructions made it very easy.  It's a great way to have awesome food, wine, and conversation and at the end, come away with something you can be proud of.  I really can't wait to do it again!
Worse service!! I work at these mall and I would advise everyone not to go there and to save your money. The cashier lady is always rude and dismissive. Very displaced
how can it not has twisted cheddar bagel? even the smallest DD shop in airport has them, so disapointed
I have to agree with Taric W.'s review.
stopping here is out of necessity.  As in.... my united flight is delayed again.. i will grab a drink and a brat.  Service is friendly and drinks are cold but that is all this place has to offer
I really don't know what the hype is about.  I was quite underwhelmed with this restaurant.
Went here for lunch. We had the BBQ chicken pizza, the sausage pizza, and a turkey club. Everything was great. The service was impressive. My water glass was always full and the waiter was attentive. At the end, the waiter got a little busy and was not always there but over all everything was good.
was good for the price, quiet...  poor service
Decent food and ok drinks, just your typical mexican place, seems like it is a chain but i've not seen another one around.  There are definitely better places in plaza midwood.
If I can give less thsm one star I would. Bags were lost and bell hop took forever to put our bags in our car. Hotel gave me the runaround. Almost missed my flight.
We  had our 16 year old Golden groomed in their mobile unit. Kelli was so gentle with him. She spent three hours making him look so handsome. Our dog is blind and very old but she did a great job making him comfortable. He has ne\nver looked better!
If you're reading this...read no further! Just make a reservation, take your ass to the stratosphere, hop on that  elevator that's more like a rocket ship, eat,indulge and enjoy every second of it!!! (And thank me later with desert). K, bye!!!!
Since I first reviewed, they've introduced other types of soups, including a vegetarian option, and you can now choose the type of noodles, ranging from fine round to large flat, with several options in-between. And they serve free tea.
Where's the 6-star rating?\n\nBest pizza in Phoenix--maybe on the west coast entirely.  \n\nDon't go in expecting to get a smile out of the staff though.  I've been going there for years and they could have no teeth and I wouldn't know it.
Oh my god. Still waiting in line to check in over an hour later. This is a joke, right? Thank you Luxor management.
Food: good. Burnt corn and potatoes are stars.\n\nService: Make sure to pack a 5 hr energy cuz you need it to stay awake at the rate the service is here.
The BEST donuts in Charlotte area.\n\nWho on earth would eat a crappy Dunkin or Krispy Creme with this here???
Everything about this place is amazing. Yet the security staff is horrible enough to take 3 full stars off my review. If you see a purple jacket, walk the other way before you start getting harassed. (exceptions are Bruno, Daryl, Devon and a few additional gems, only need 1 hand to count them all.)
Quite possibly the worst omelet I've ever had. It was so over cooked that they couldn't even fold it over with out slitting it in the middle.  My potatoes were also cold.  Honestly, terrible food.
Their fries are awesome but I seriously hate the wait! it's ridiculous! my only complaints about in and out. we wait in our cars like we're in a sit-down restaurant.
In a city with nail salons on every corner, customer service is essential. Being the newest, \"nicest\" salon isn't enough. Had the worst experience here with my son - the owner was beyond rude and treated us like crap. The lady that did my nails was awesome, unfortunately his behavior was atrocious. Total jerk.
What's not to love! Old town Las Vegas. Tons of lights.\nZipline. Lights. Gambling. Lights. Great food. Lights.\nA must in anyone's lifetime. And can I say this again ... I won here too!
This place is not good as before... slow service..there are more than 20 different kind of sake on the menu, but only 2 are available. ...
I love this place! clean, friendly & great taste every time. Staff is very pleasant and welcoming. Mango mochi was awesome what a treat today :)
Very high gas prices at this convenient location. Clean, nice place, but I'm giving it only 2 stars for the gas prices. You can get Tonto passes for camping here, about the only place in the area where you can (Besides Big 5 on Northsight). Arco down the street has the best gas prices around this area.
If you are looking for a top notch full service gym then this is it.  The amenities are great and the workout space is adequate.  The only knock that I have on the gym is the size of the weight room.  The cardio room has plenty of machines and the pickup basketball throughout the week is always fun.
Short and Sweet....Great service...Beautiful inside..Overpriced and not worth the money...
Great little theatre- very intimate- Bar gets a bit crowded but overall nice experience. \nSaw the Spouse Whisperer- Mark Cordes is hilarious.  Don't remember the last time I laughed so hard....
Great price for an alignment.  Easy and quick service was provided.  I like that they did not try to add on any sales garbage and try to pressure unnecessary repairs.
Inexpensive, delicious food in a \"Mom's kitchen\" type of atmosphere. The owners pay close attention to you, and they make sure that you get PLENTY to eat. The curry is plenty spicy (which I like), and has an excellent flavor. We'll be going back, soon!
First time and first rate breakfast and service. Prosciutto chunks with goat cheese and spinach in a frittata was inspired. Shared cinnamon French toast and waddled out. We'll be back it's a keeper
The baby bear never gets old.
I went there for breakfast this morning and let me tell you I hate coming here because of the service. The girls helping you are rude and don't seem to want to be there, the bagels are tasty but the cream cheese it way to expensive. Its the only place in FH that has bagels with lox that tastes decent.
The chirashi bowl is good and at a very good price. I usually eat 5 or 6 rolls, but the chirashi bowl and one roll is usually enough to fill me up.\n\nNice having tvs in the bar to watch football.
Wonderful customer service and great inventory selection.
Great place to take your kids if you want to wait for 4 hours. Slowest service ive ever experienced. The second room they put us in took 1 hour to see the doctor. I don't expect much but this place is horrible.
Excellent service, extremely professional staff  and excellent care. You leave the office feeling you have been treated by the best.
Loved the Sunday Night Pasta dish. Good prices for Vegas. Nice servers & ambiance. Would recommend to travelers. A better version on Cheesecake Factory.
It looked like a cool spot for drinks n appetizers.  I'm all about customer service and this place was horrible. They seemed so unorganized and our original waiter never came back to take our order.  The current server was nice so I appreciated that.
I'm really sad this place is closed, it was a great place to hang out with friends, their themed event nights were always a blast, and the decor was unlike anything else in the valley. The employees that worked there were like family and the food was tasty.
The have a good karaoke place!\nAs for the food, I tried their beef plate and it was good. I don't really like their pho. \nMy dining companion is crazy about their bubble tea.
I am downgrading my last rating of 3 stars.  Some time ago, I stopped going to Shogun because of an unfortunate fish incident.  Time passed, and my husband and I recently decided to give their Happy Hour a try.  We parked the car, walked toward the door, and were hit with a bad oil smell that completely changed our minds.
I have eaten at these places before (different city's) usually have no issues, however this place is not clean and no longer has cold cut topping (ham, turkey, etc) \"due to theft\" what I was told. Not impressed
Downtown Chandler is my favorite location. They have great red sauce.
Worst service ever! For $1200, I seriously thought we were being punked. We waited over an hour for half of our order delivered cold...the other half wrong. Stay away from this big name debochery of a high end restaurant.
Natalie is awesome. She has been our server the last two visits and she was our cocktail waitress in the lounge tonight. Ask for her!!!
It has been a while since we last visited the cafe. But we did enjoy the friendly service, the homey feel and the good everyday fare.
Great specials good food....homemade soup is so yummy great place to bring family great prices
when you walk in the place speaks for itself. I like the Katsu Chicken. Im not pleased with most everything else.
They know how to do any design that you show them a photo of. Though they sometimes seem confused because of the language barrier, they can really do anything you show them. Both the man and the woman are awesome artists!!
Very professional and got the job done in the same day. I was very impressed since my ex who I was having served had no schedule. It's hard to serve someone when their schedule changes daily. Highly recommend All About Serving if you want the job done right.
SanTan has everything you could ask for in a brew pub. Great beer paired with a creative menu, friendly service, live music, outdoor seating. Great spot to bring friends or make new ones.
Not exactly sure what I ate, but it wasn't ramen, that for sure.  Might give it another try, i usually give all spots a 4th
Fat salad is a fat ripoff.   So is 2.50 for a drink
Dirty, gross, not fun at all. I love a good cowboy just like the next woman - but the night I went it was filled with a bunch of kids with no shoes on, walking around on the grossest carpet I have ever seen - why a bar would have carpet is beyond me. \nGross!
This place was a Madison institution. Now drinks are weak and my wife and I have been sick for the past two days after having breakfast there. Thank goodness we have two toilets in our house. Great job Food Fight.
Food does not make up for slow and poor service. Chips/ salsa were average
Our breakfast spot on this side of Strip. I'm not a buffet person, but this one is ok. If staying at the Palazzo, it's quick and you can be out the door in no time.
Portlandia meets Charlotte. Unfriendly and snobby in the way only hipsters can be. Unless you look and act like them you're invisible. Is it local?
Great doctor, unhelpful staff. It almost seems like they look for new ways and opportunities to say \"no\". Backwards office practices and unfriendly, discourteous staff. Never again.
A chic restaurant with fabulous food...who doubts a James Beard recommendation!?  Our dining experience was as close to European cuisine one will enjoy without crossing the pond.  Gary and Kendall were friendly, helpful, accommodating and more.  A great dining event...did I mention that the food was exquisite and devine?
It wasn't until after I tried another Korean bbq place that I realized SURA was extra amazing. \n\nThey have a dressing for their green onion salad that might be the tastiest stuff ever. \n\nThe meat is good quality and the service is top notch.
Best coffee in Pittsburgh, without a doubt. Believe the hype. I've been going here for years, and every visit is a pleasure.
The employees here are absolutely crazy and overly pushy. No matter how good the tea is (and it's amazing), I will never go here again.
Decent apps. Like the fried pickles.  Service is just ok. Remember to order your apps way before you order your entree or both will come out at the same time.  I'm sure many people go more for the atmosphere than the food though. In that case, good place to watch the game.
It was a beautiful thing........and a nightmare at the same time.\nWhat do you do when you're in a candy store and your teeth are wired shut?  Watch other people enjoy the food...
Great theater... Very clean, and not as busy as some of the more popular theaters in town, even though it's just as nice.
Great shop, friendly and helpful owner. I've been here a bunch of times - lots of times, I leave empty-handed, yesterday I was super lucky - I've wanted a vintage aluminum tree for years, this year we'll be having a sparkling Christmas!
This is a wonderful steak house in the Wynn hotel and casino.  As is with all the restaurants at Wynn fabulous food and service.  'nuf said.
I have been a spa girl for quite sometime and love the service that you get at Nordstrom.  It's always been easy to get an appointment and I love their attention to detail.  Just had a massage with Kimberly, and actually fell asleep!  My snore woke me up!  Ha!!  Thanks again for great service!
We appreciate the helpfulness of Marco and Gabby! They are the best in town for your bar and restaurant equipment needs! Five stars all around!\n\n-Cebu Inasal staff\n(Fidel Cruz)
Neat and organized with a good inventory ranging from kitchen products to furniture. A lot of offers for assistance. Prices were OK, but I didn't find that dynamite recliner at an incredible price that I came looking for.
used to be better.
LOVE this place!!! The food was amazing, their butternut quiche was amazing...the service was also very good!  \nWe also sat near Carrot Top so that was a cool experience. This place gets 2 thumbs up for me!
Not impressed.  Variety of food was good. The quality; not so much. Desserts were tasty. Not worth the expense.  We were charged $5 extra per person for being a group of 12....although our server was gone most of the time.  A good steak house would have been a better deal.
This place is awful I don't know why the ratings are so high. The service is bad. The food is filled with MSG. My lips are burning as I finished my food. All their offerings are nothing special. The food is not high-quality. Nothing else to comment except don't go here.
Mineral shop in mall with tourist specimens.  Would not recommend store to geologist or mineral collectors.  Amazing shop for a mall - unique.  Good customer service.  Lot of spiritual healing crystal items if you are into that Yani culture.
I love Bosa's =) !! 1: because they have some good donuts 2: they sell boba tea and 3: because they are open 24hours!!! I just love love loveeee the fact that they are 24 hours. Satisfying my late night munchies haha =D
The sushi was awesome! Very different than I ever tasted. I ordered kimchee chigae and it absolutely nice. Lunch portion it's look like a small bowl but actually it quite filling with all the side dish. I would love to go back!
First of all, this place is not a good value at all. The food is overpriced for the portions. Granted, it is good quality food, but it is still overpriced. The coffee is terrible. I so wanted to love this place, but I can't say I do.
Pretty good BBQ for Phoenix!  I enjoyed the pulled pork sandwich with a side of mac 'n cheese...quite tasty!  The atmosphere is not very appealing and the advertising is quite cheesy, but guess it did make me laugh!
LOVE this place! Amazing mac n cheese and the best mojitos ever. I would have given it 5 stars but we seem to get ignored by the servers whenever we go there- so that's my one complaint.
Had a manicure and pedicure here - one of the worst I've ever had.  Literally, by the time I drove home my nails were already chipping.  Short on time and getting ready to leave on business, I had to touch my nails up at home even after paying for the service.
I really like this place a lot better now that they've moved from the Borgata.  It's a nice open floor plan and I love the outside patio and bar area.  My pizza was great and I'm pleased to see their nice selection of Italian wines.
Free WiFi internet available.
A cozy place to have breakfast..nice salmon bagel\n Wifi is a good plus!
2.9/5 stars - Probably the best of the national \"chain\" pizza places assuming you order thin crust or the stuffed crust pizza. Pan pizza is a  1/2 cooked pile of dough...
So so. Don't have salmon quarter pounder. Too little for too much money. Lettuce wrap or protein style not possible. Burgers are ho hum. There are better burger places.
Best Mexican food around, huge plates. Nice environment at night too. Only bad thing is the bar closes at 930
Butter chicken was awesome and so is the dosa.  Friendly service.  Definitely going back for the buffet!
Never heard of the place, thought we'd give it a try...\nThe burger's coal taste is defiantly acquired and the sweet potato fries were dull and lacked flavor. We were left very disappointed.\nOur server was friendly but we won't be back.
The service was not any good but the pizza was delicious! Just get it to go!
I have had Chinese food three times in the last two weeks.  Each time I ordered beef with broccoli, among other things.  It was prepared the best at Pei Wei.  The seasonings are just right here.\n\nQuick, priced right and plenty of fortune cookies.  What's not to like?
Spent time in the Paris getting lunch and hanging out!!  It was nice!  Smoky ,but nice!!
This visit received a prompt greeting by the hotess/manager after efficient service, food in a timely manner, and as we ordered it. Restrooms were well kempt. And as Forrest Gump says...\"that's all I got ta say about that.\"
The drive thru is horrible they can't here u and u can't here them don't waist your time here. I have asked for no cheese more than once. I'm never spending money here again.
I did not like this ice cream. I had a few bites - threw it away. Didn't have the flavor/texture of the real deal. It looked like ice cream, had all the proper attributes of ice cream... but it wasn't. Maybe its an Asian take on what we know as ice cream? Me no likey.
Overpriced and horrible food. They really must want everything to be horrible not just the service.
no free internet. the air conditioning can't be turned off at night so you wake up feeling really dry! Everything else is decent.
Really, quite average. The ceviche was enjoyable but the entrees left something to be desired. The mole, especially, seemed somewhat diluted, and lacked the focus which I typically associate with the dish.\n\nService was optimal but quarters slightly cramped.
I finally found a good soul food place Thanks to Angie and Mama I'll definitely be back
The amount of space this airport takes up is huge. Way to big, the walk to your gate is forever. If your making a connection its even worse.
Bellagio is beautiful and has a little something for everyone, from dining to gambling to art and entertainment.
Always room for growth, I remind our readers as I give raving reviews. \nMy only beef, which is on the fruity side, is this...no FRESH-SQUEEZED ORANGE JUICE!
Ruben sandwich was boring. Very light on meat. Chicken pot pie was very good. Nice flaky homemade crust. Fast, friendly service.
The chicken andouille gumbo is perhaps the best I have ever had and the salt and pepper crust on the filets never disappoints.  I make sure to eat here every trip to Vegas - the food and the service are impeccable.  Also love the Abita products these folks offer (both beer and root beer).
I was told my wait to get a hair cut was 20 minutes max. 40 minutes later I left without a haircut. Thanks for wasting 40 minutes of my time Great Clips!
Staff is friendly, but not the greatest food !!!   We were sitting w/ regulars that wer in a rush so our show was very lacking in tricks and very rushed!!!!  Will not come again!!!
Crowded and lots of tools. Sticky table tops, lame music. Boooo.
Omg, this place smells like smoke, the bathrooms are horrible and we are the only ones here. Big 0 out of 10.
Mediocre at best. Much better AYCE in the area.
I don't understand why people think this place is so amazing?  I don't care for the cattle like way they shew you through the ordering process and their food really isn't that good!  Maybe I'm just missing the boat here.\n\nThey make a killer cookie shake though!
Got my hair cut and curled by Vanessa this am and just love it
New manager with fast service and a well stocked store, lot's of help with pool problems. Great employees.\nThanks\nLarry
Some good shit here! Can't really go wrong in any of their plates!
Bloody Marys were great, stuffed dates were spicy yet delicious, Mango IPA yum! Wait staff worked together well. An exceptional experience for a first time visit!
Food is good and cheap. I usually get delivery and it takes about an hour. Best chinese delivery place I have found.
This is my local coffee shop, tho for coffee without the cafe atmosphere,  prefer East End Food Coops coffee.\n\nIBiddle's has community, and quirk and heart is in right place.\n\nTBC...
I've worked with Troy for many years now.  He is an excellent agent and always has had my best interest in mind.  He is extremely knowledgeable and well versed in the real estate industry.  I would highly recommend Troy and his staff!
Good beer, Wednesday night is banjo night which always draws a crowd. Definitely a hipster bar. Food is fresh & worth trying. Get a dish that includes the house humus.
I do not know why this is so highly rated.  My family and I dined here and none of the food was very good.  Mediocre at best.  I will not be back.
My first jack in the box. Great experience. Ordered at the keiosk amd got some freebirs
Great food,great atmosphere and view. Very good service.
Ive definitely experienced better.\nVery pricey!\nWrapping technique needs improvement
Great place cheap prices friendly staff. Came out of state and where not very familiar with some products they explained and gave recommendations. Needless to say we went back multiple times while we where there.
I love this place.  What a great healthy breakfast at great prices?  I get the egg breakfast for a little over $5.  This is a comes with potatoes, toast, and two eggs.  Simple but delicious.
Amazing ambience. Incredible meals. Worth-it margaritas. Really really loud though. And too dark.
Wish this site had a minus star.  This buffet was terrible.  The food was mediocre, food stations were dirty and not well stocked. The salad bar was the biggest disappointment.   Certainly NOT worth the $20 dinner price.  I would not recommed this to anyone.
I went there last weekend and i was astonished at the prices $11 for Guinness ! daylight robbery. Tuna burger was $24 !! just overpriced. I will never step foot in that place again
My favorite food!  Love the fresh, nutritious options!  Delish!
Had the Original Maine lobster roll combo w/ lobster me seasoned fries and it was delicious! Kids had the kids MAC n cheese and grilled cheese sandwich. Place is very family friendly, service was quick. I'll definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas.
Excellent, so many loocations to choose from in Cali and Las Vegas area. Order it to-go and you will get a larger serving.
Wings good, burger good, grilled chicken salad awful - go figure.
Best Mexican in Vegas! The fresh guacamole that they make right in front of you is amazing! Everything was delicious! There were 4 of us and we all had something different and loved all of the dishes.\n\nThey will even provide you with transportation there and back to your hotel!
Tried breakfast this time with Arizona's own SKY 12, Jerry Foster. Can't beat the $3.99 full breakfast.  Our waitress was outstanding. Reminded us of Mel's Diner. Try it you'll like it as Mikey would say.
I agree with Kahanu Z!  Biggest ripoff company in Las Vegas!!   We were taken for a $800.00 ride. We were given some song and dance about needing a special insurance for Las Vegas. We were hot and tired so we were not paying attention. DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY
Delicious chicken teriyaki bowl with veggies! Sometimes I indulge in their crab rangoons, too...tasty little morsels!
This McDonalds is very disorganized - like it's being run by monkeys. I go through the drive through regularly since it's on my way to work and they consistently get the order wrong or make me park and wait.
The food and quality of the fish is outstanding...I have eaten there a dozen times and never had a bad dish....only negative marks are for the terrible decor...it's borderline unpleasant sitting there at times.
Finally a big store opened up in the mall by Alma and Queen-creak after Target g. Very friendly staff and huge inventory. Love this place all kinds of stuff and Great selection of firearms and hunting supplies. Prices for firearms are not competitive but selection is good.
My wife had our daughter here a year ago. They were great and took the best care of us that you could ever imagine. They even had a nurse install our car seat for us... Very impressive staff in the maternity ward....
Distasteful service. How can you be out of decaf and not apologize for it? You are Starbucks....right? I didn't even order it. The lady in front of me did. Sad.
Over priced for mediocre service.
My husband and I went here for breakfast. It was good, excellent selection, especially choices of different types of eggs, waffles, crepes, etc. I would not say, that quality was over the top but selection was good, price was reasonable. I would come back again
I've been to many DMVs in multiple states.  This one was huge, clean, modern, and QUICK! I went around 3pm on a Monday, and was out of there with my new license (the unofficial paper one) in about 35 minutes. It was impressive.
Much needed burger after Lee's Wine Experience. But won't be back. Burger mediocre & service lousy.
this place is really bad!!!
Meh, it's a normal theater.
Det var helt midt p\u00e5 treet
Best tacos in town! only problem are the long lines and that each line is only assigned to an specific meat, ex. If you want carne asada you have to stand in the carne asada line, you can't order any other meat than asada in that line.
Long story but I had to rent here quite a few times this year. I found the staff very helpful and the trucks very clean and worked great.
The first time I went I thought this place was very good, however, the second time was not as good.  The food is sort of bland, missing spices and just blah.  The portions are also a bit small when compared to other Thai restaurants.  I don't plan to go back.
Finally a great Sushi Restaurant in Summerlin!\n\nThe fish is fresh and flavorful, the service is excellent, the names of the various offerings let me know that the ownership is about having fun.\n\nEverything was amazing and we will be back often.
Vehicles stink because they allow customers to smoke in them! Unless you enjoy the smell of cigarette smoke, pick a different company.
This is a neat, unique restaurant, but not one item was worth the price. This restaurant is not fine dining, so to pay six bucks for four onion rings seemed off to me.
rude drivers.  Skip this cab and take the next one.
Really loved the food at this place, cool presentation. The service was a bit slow though, but they were pleasant. I would go back here again.
LOVE Antonio's. Their slices are large and often available in any variety. Chicken Bacon Ranch is by far one of my top pizzas on campus, I order it every time and it never fails to satisfy.
Worst food truck ever. Waited twenty minutes for a burger, my boyfriend and I ordered the same burger, he received his, we waited another twenty minutes. Only to discover they lost my order, after reordering I received a very rare burger, too rare to even enjoy. Very disappointed, not even an apology from the owners.
Wow Tater! One of the best mixologist down town!! If you're down town you have to stop by,  you won't be disappointed! Perfect Atmosphere, great food and service!
Walked in around 4pm and an employee walked in right behind me and immediately asked if she could help me. Took my order and told me the pizza would be ready in 15 minutes or less. 13 minutes later had my pizza and was heading home. Excellent service, I will be returning when I want another thin and crispy pizza.
The owner is (for lack of a better phrase), a business-incompetent jerk.  I will NEVER return to Duke's. There are amazing restaurant choices nearby that I highly suggest everyone support.  Bad business should not be encouraged.
I am absolutely in love with this place. A true gem! They have a fantastic array of flavors, the staff is so charming, and there's really no better place to go to feel like a kid again (could I sound more like a 60-year-old??). It's just simply refreshing.
A nice bright looking shop again offering a good selection of diffrent styled cards.There are also some gifts in the shop.There cards are good for occasions like birthdays.Staff were helpful and approachable.
Very good food, unlike most of the Mexican food in the area.  Tastes like someone took the time to cook.  Clean restrooms as well.
I have been eating here for years. They really need to remodel this place, but the food is still really good! One of the best tamales and beans around! Service is definitely better for dinner. I go for lunch and they are definitely not fans of splitting the bill for the lunch crowd. Otherwise.. yummmmm!
I had the chicken and waffles and I loved the chicken but the waffles were doughy. My husband had the chillaquilles and that was really good and I think I'll try that next time. Service was nice too.
Very expensive and just ok.
Foods always fresh, but it smells sooo weird, I haven't been here in a while I enjoyed my sandwhich with all its freshness, but it smelled pretty bad inside when u first walk in, maybe wash the mops out. Or some air freshner, thanks.
Great bail bonds and Debbie is awesome definitely a 5 star women!!' :-) thank you so much
Very fancy. Smells lovely and you can buy the scent-sticks at the gift store.\nExtremely crowded. Always.
I've only been here once, but the reviews are pretty accurate. Ok to drink but the service for food is not so great. The competition in this area is big so you'd think they try harder but nope.
Next time I'm in Phoenix this is my first stop! I ordered the Lo Los with a side of green beans and corn bread. WOW, I love that southern cooking! The sweet tea was amazing and at how many places can you order Kool-Aid on tap!
Best venue in az!
What an awesome little shop! They have tons of super original hand blown glass and the prices were mind boggling! I ended up just picking wifey up a few holiday looking wine glasses for $5 each and since I checked in on Yelp, I got a free roly poly glass! super great shop and awesome prices!!!
Ok pizza.  However, good luck if u have any interaction with the bartender. She was the most inhumane person on 7/16/2010-7/17/2010.  The owner isnt much better.  Only support this place if you absolutely must eat after drinking in shadyside.
Too busy for my liking
Vinter Grill is one of my new favorite local restaurants! We need more restaurants like this in Summerlin area.  The staff is professional and provide excellent service. The food was tasty; much better than I had expected. Will definitely go back for more!
if you are looking to relax away from smoke and casino this is the place to stay.  Its about 5 min walking distance from mgm where u can gamble all you want.  15 min room service and great beds with nice kitchenette inside the room.
I've been to other Over Easy locations in the valley and usually like my experiences. I wasnt impressed with the Warner location.  The retro feel is fun but the staff was unfriendly and slow. I thought the portions were small and the home fries were nothing special. Just butter and sliced potatoes. -  I left hungry.
This place is incredible! Make sure to make reservations first though. And beware the food here is enough to feed four people. You must try the frozen hot chocolate. It's to die for!!!!
I love the pho here and the establishment is very cool! I feel lucky to have this so close to my home!
Great little neighborhood spot.  Great breakfast and good sandwiches for lunch.  We have been there 20+ times with no issues and good food each time.
Food is just ok. I'm not asking for culinary genius but something that isn't dry and hard to eat. However iron city was half off so all was not lost. Waiters would take food around to every table asking who it belonged to. This happened all night long.
Loyal little dog\nWaiting by his master's grave\nBut was the tale true?
Last time I tried bubble tea, and it was disgusting. All the cakes are delicious, and staff is friendly!!
all of their food are good and healthy.except for the shrimp. i love this place.recommended for everyone to try them out.
We ordered the Sate bbq Chicken-beef (S-8) and BBQ pork (S-2). Service was slow but the food was pretty good.  Will come back.
Decent service, ok price.  They are one of the quickest oil service places around.
Herb N' Legend is an awesome store. They have a huge variety of products for good prices. The employees are very nice and helpful; plus the 20% off glass coupon code works. I would definitely recommend going here and I plan on making more purchases here.
Not that into Thai food so don't have much to compare too but was pleasantly surprised by this place.  Had the Arizona heat wave and it was excellent.  Got three star spicy and it was good but should have gone for the four star.
I'm so disgusted by this I will not visit again. Women are not meat!!!
Good relaxing atmostphere for anyone from the serious competitor to the casual trainer.  Mica is very encouraging, understanding and will usually listen you if you have injuries or are cautious to train and modify your partners.  Very big family environment and always laughing going on which means egos are not involved.
After contacting the corporate office this particular Cici's seemed to get on the ball. It's much better than it used to be. A decent value if you like a lot of pizza. Still often pretty dirty though.
The food is very good, the Red Velvet pancakes are to die for.  The turkey bacon tasted a bit odd to me but the regular bacon was thick cut and yummy. If you are looking for a quick meal this is not the place to go. The service was a bit slow.
The spicy seafood noodles soup is perfect for cold night and it get better everytime.
It's always a must when in Las Vegas!!
We had great sushi and a great calamari dish. Was not expecting much from the Luxor hotel restaurants but I would return here again. Price is reasonable.
Stopped in for lunch today, place was busy. Staff were attentive, fast and friendly. Had a hummus and ahi salad, guest had a chicken sand. Service prompt, food tasty,great job on refills\n\nDecor nice- will visit again
Super cool location.  Food was good, not great.  Service was very good
Very good food!! Great take out. I recommend the Mongolian Beef. Small dining room if you choose to eat at the restaurant.
This coffee shop is awesome. Met the owner who was my server. They love their neighborhood. No long waits, everything is great.\n\nI visit here every trip down from Flagstaff.
AMAZING YOUNG HIP CUSTOMER SERVICE!  Love the clerk asked me if I was wearing Nag Champa!  I was just gonna order two Captin Crunch donuts but something told me try the chocolate one with potato chips!  OMG OMG OMG!  Worth every single calorie!
In most cities The Mirage would stand out, but aside from its central location there is really not much 'special' about this property on Las Vegas Boulevard.  Certainly a fine hotel and cheaper than some depending on deals and discounts, but bargain travelers can stay cheaper and luxury travelers would likely be let down.
I'd been here about three years ago... maybe under different management. But when I went again this past week there was nothing left of the good memories from the previous visit: Indifferent service; mediocre food; and it wasn't even cheap. I'll not be going back.
so happy to have a great place in my neighborhood.\n\nCool Ambiance\nFriendly Service\nGreat Food\n\nDefinitely will be on heavy rotation for places I go
I really think this place is overrated,  the canoli was average and the puff pastry whipped cream was  way too sweet.  I had high expectations and I was let down.   Everyone has different opinions some love it some of us don't.   I personally would not go back.
Any time me and my wife can have a date night, this is the place to be. Best Sushi by far. Very clean, great customer service all the staff our very friendly, making you feel welcome.
First time trying Malaysian food with my boyfriend and I must say that food here is really good. We got the Kang Kung belacan along with whole grilled fish with shrimp paste sauce and dungeoness crab all the food that we got was really delicious. I will definitely come back here again.
As a European, I have a love of curry that I've had trouble filling in Phoenix so far, but Bamboo House's shrimp curry with fried rice hit the spot. I'll definitely be back! The crab puffs were yummy too!
I love all of the cupcakes!  They are so pretty and ridiculously delicious!  I am so happy they are so close to my house.  If you have not tried this place you definitely should!  You will not be disappointed.
I like the atmosphere, but food was just okay. We had a view of the strip as we ate, which I loved. I really wish the food was just as great. Is wasn't bad, but just okay. I don't know if I would eat here again.
They do chicken and tri tip. Chicken is hella dry and salty, but the tri tip is bomb!
Something was wrong with the produce - burgers made me and my kid sick. Awesome milkshakes though. Fries were average. Good atmosphere and friendly service. Wish we ate somewhere else.
I'm seriously in love with this place. I just found out about it last week and have been here twice buying movies since the deals and prices are fucking awesome. I reccomend any movie or music fan to go here for anything you need.
Had an emergency issue with our retail store's POS system which made it unusable.  Understanding our predicament, Data Doctors got right on it and we had a new power supply installed and we were back up and running within 1 hour.  Couldn't be more satisfied.  Thank you DD!
Pretty good steak house. Our waiter was friendly and joked around with us. Food was good and came out quick. Dig this place!
Yesterday I showed my sister and one niece around this great store!  Modern Lighting (seems like they always have some new lamps).  Modern Furniture (some of my favorite).  Art by Robert Boyd, owner of this store (my favorite Artist) and as a bonus... they have Fred!
Good family restaurant
I was able 2 get right in. No wait! Scott is the best. I was in out within an hour. He really worked with me to make sure I was able to get what I needed taking care of.
Average location. Staff is OK but nothing to brag on. They usually don't speak to you unless you speak to them first which is kind of a turn off customer service wise. Again, just average, nothing special here.
AMAZING! This was our first time here and we got the date special. The food was out of this world and the service was even better. Our server was Gino and he knew everything about the menu and made us feel right at home. To say the least we will be coming back once a week!!
it is ok for \"fast\" food. although they bring your meal to the table, service is hit or miss on if they check back. The food quantity is good, but taste is that of cafeteria food.
I've loved this place since day one and it had yet to disappoint. Amazing burgers, the specials are always very inventive and the staff are great. They've really nailed high quality fast food and is expect them to expand way beyond their two units based on the quality of the experience they offer.
It was not worth $77. for 2 people. Spice Market at Planet Hollywood was a lot better for $20 less for 2 people. I will NOT be back.
Quality went way down. Very sad. Looked forward to coming here but disappointed we wasted 38.00 in a Monday for \"brunch\"
I was not very impressed with this restaurant.  Prices were ok but the menu was not easy to read and highly unimpressive creations.  I may go back, then again I may not.  3 stars as I am undecided.
Close and convenient with a very helpful group of folks at the in-house branch of Chase Bank.  Good prices and a decent selection on groceries, as well.
The bartender on grave was very disappointing. I didn't catch his name but that was probably because he was too busy smoking and gambling across the bar. I will not be back.
This place is very inconsistent .   Have gone three times , first time it was good the following it was worse and worse.   Seems overpriced .... Suspect it only survives as the overflow for la Pepe .
Very mediocre food but absolute rude attitude.\nWent once with bunch of friends and went upstairs.\nWaiter silently threw down the menu and walked away.\nHas to call like 3 times for them to show up again to get the order.
It is what it is - very good fast food Mexican restaurant in South Phoenix.
What a store! I've never actually been in a Fry's until the other day and they have EVERYTHING! Books, music, video games, washing machines, tvs, everything. It's like the Walmart version of Best Buy.
Pretty darn bad food. Most of it was cold. Wokee express is much better.  Not recommended.  BTW... bring your jacket,  cold as a meat locker in here.
Would definitely not recommend! Service was terrible. We went for a birthday dinner; told the hostess/server about the birthday and she responded saying they would do something special but not only did she fail to follow through but she avoided us the entire time! Never going back again!
Very nice place.  Food is very good and priced fairly EXCEPT the drink glasses are a  joke.  They have to serve the smallest drinks in Arizona in comparison to other restaurants within 50 miles AND the prices do not reflect the size of the glass.   Drink the beer do not buy the specialty drinks.
Don't shop here.  sych!
Went in for my first visit last night with a party of 20.  Service was great but the menu consisted of nothing special.  This is one of those restaurants where you know one visit is enough.  Womp, womp.
This is the best place for a mani-pedi. The staff is always super friendly and take their time for each customer. This was only my second time coming here and they remembered me. Customer service is hard to come by but Pleasant Nails delivers!
Do not waste your time trying to sell them anything. For example, they offered me $4 for the same thing they were selling for $54.99. Then johnny will tell you about his $15,000./month rent. It looks like he's not hurting in the feeding his face department. He got really fat!
I have came here a few times to play craps.   Some of the dealers are extremely rude.. I dont know how they make it through there shift with out getting knocked out.   \nBuffet is okay..  oyster bar is great. Movie theater are decent
Fresh coffee and tons of favors! The girls are super sweet and very personable. They have a quick drive through and great service. Also loyalty cards and a happy hour for their blended coffees.
I have no idea how anyone could rtae this place anything besides a 5-star. It is incredible. From the quality of the upkeep of the grounds to the history of the guests who have stayed there, this place is a gem in the desert!
CLOSED for good.  Lost their lease, building to be torn down. Closed, closed, Closed, closed, clothes, clothes, clothes, clothes, clothes.!
Great patio! \n\nCame with a group of friends and had the pork plate with yummy little Johnny cakes and the wasabi mashed potatoes, both were excellent.
My family and I ordered take out and not good at all the western philly was dry and the fries were hard and cold no seasoning and the chilli to salty they won't be getting my business anymore!! Bad cooking skills. Don't see were the best bar food 8 years in a row came from!!
After being seated, waited over 15 minutes for service so gave up and left.
27$ for a lemonade! (Was supposed to be Mojito).\n\nGreat place in terms of design. Drink wise, not the greatest.
Clean place, crazy expensive.  It cost almost $200 just to have a suffering dog put down, talk about GOUGING.  Oh, and no that did not include cremation it was just a shot.
I had a blast a the gold spike great customer service came in and had lunch on Monday and Monica was the greatest Thank You Monica for being so nice and I couldn't decide on what I wanted to eat so I let the waitress pick for me and she did a great job great people skills Thank You Monica
This is a very nice clean place, but they take the wrong bagel for let's say a sandwich a lot otherwise I love taking my kids here for breakfast when I can.
Terrible customer service and dirty rooms. Key lock broke and they caused us to miss dinner reservation because they refused to fix timely. Then room had open hot sauce in desk when we checked into it. Shower head was broke and to top it off had a bug crawling in bed. Pick somewhere else to stay for sure!
Make sure get there early or call for a reservation. It gets really busy pretty much every night, especially on the weekends.
My last few experiences were not what I had hoped, but the new tasting menu is excellent and everything I've always wanted from L'Etoile.
Good food great prices!
Great service. Always take care of you. Keep the doors open late!
Tried this place for the first time. The order taker seemed annoyed I was taking him away from whatever he was doing. I ordered an egg, potato, and cheese burrito. It was awful. The potatoes were a gross purplish/brown color and just didn't taste right. I threw it away after the second bite.
Service today lacks...took a good 10 minutes for my iced drink....had only 2 of us in there and 3 employees....
PT Allen Gruver (PT, ATC, PRC, CSCS) came highly recommended from a family friend - was extremely meticulous and thorough in diagnosis and treatment (knee/ITBS rehab). highly recommend for those looking for a skilled, reliable PT.
I have two girls, ages 3 and 1.  This place was absolutely perfect for them!  It's huge inside with tons of things for them to touch, climb on, and play with.  I'm looking forward to taking them again during the summer when it's too hot to be outside!
I love going to the Fashion Show mall because there's something for everyone here.  Walking distant from quite a few hotel resorts.  The decor is fabulous.  It has a really fun environment.
A very cool hidden gem in the Palazzo.  Great view of the strip...fancy bar food and a semi-casual atmosphere...would be a great place for birthdays or big groups...or even to catch a game.  Highly recommended!
My bf and I came here on a whim one day and came back the very next day! The sushi was very fresh. If you're looking for good sushi place that's not overpriced, give it a try.
Good selection of yogurt flavors and very large inside area makes it easy to get what you want. The best part is that the toppings area is very well taken care of and they have a bunch of fresh mix ins. Great yogurt at a good price.
Looking for simple then it's all about In-N-Out. Service is always good and quick. Got a double-double with some animal style fries and it was pretty satisfying.
Food was ok server was very polite
I really wanted to love this place.  When I looked at the menu I was excited to get my food.  I was a bit disappointed.  It was something I could have easily thrown together at home with the same ingredients.
This was an ok place to grab a quick bite, but it appears they have closed down and are no longer in business.
Love it they make a great martini and a manhattan and their bar food is fab... Nice place to meet friends for drinks ...
staff recieves 5 stars.. although i am rating this review for one reason and one reason only i was craving banana pudding..! heard they had some of the best LOL yeah right.! nothinh about it was homemade.. right out the jello box.. disgusting. stay away from the pudding.
This is a good spot to meet your friends and just chat and nosh! My friend's daughter, who is 10, did not like it. We went at 9pm.
This was my first time at Carne Vino and It was excellent. The meat was great quality and the side dishes were good. I think I prefer more traditional sides but it was good nonetheless.
love snow ono they did a event with Patty's Closet and it was amazing best shaved ice ever they make all there flavors and the owners are amazing
Such a tranquil and relaxing visit with my best girls.  Massages.  Foot scrubs.  Facials.  And a dry sauna.  Great customer service.  Will be coming back on next vegas trip.
Standard BK shop at the airport but was really slow and it took over 15 minutes to complete our order.
When it comes to buying bulk Sams and Costco is the place. Feeding hungry teenagers, this place helps. \n\nBig sample days are Fridays and Saturdays, it gets crazy. So we shop really early or really late.
Worst food ever. Never go there!!!! Went there and had a gyro sandwich got diarrhea right at the same day. I heard similar stories frm my friends and family member @ different times of their visit. We ll never come back!!!!!
We always order pizzia from work here.  \nThe 30 inches. But for home. Make sure you tell them easy on the cheese!! Orther wise your good.
Love this place!  Have been back several times and always enjoy whatever I order.  The gluten free pizzas are really good, drinks are always good and the salads are always fresh and creative.  Definitely one of my favorite restaurants!!
Better then any other airport pizza.  Quite nice. Friendly staff. Busy at times. Still nice.
Too bad it's closed...\n\nCosta Vida had a fresh-tasting menu, good loyalty program, and was an option for your gluten-sensitive friends.  Staff was nice and remembered your preferences.  They also kept the place very clean.  \n\nSad to see it close down.
The dim som was really good and the service was great! Can't go wrong the with shrimp balls.
Great cocktails!  Brandy old fashioned was a work if art.  Salad was great, but steak was completely forgettable.  The bar is highly recommended
I've been here a few times and they always give me a great cut at a very affordable price. Super friendly staff.
A local favorite.\nWood fire pizza made to order! \nMany of the ingredients are local, it's acceptable to swap/make substitutions with ingredients, and service is friendly and fast.\nIt's very casual and you'll see students, families, couples.
Breakfast was very good. We had eggs, bacon, pancakes, hash browns, and also tried the biscuits and gravy. Hash browns tasted fresh, not the nasty freeze dried stuff from Denny's. The restaurant is not fancy but was clean. Service was excellent.
These guys are awesome, I used to go to their other location in Phoenix, but I moved to Scottsdale recently and thought I'd give this office a try.  The staff is super friendly and I feel like I get very personalized care.  I have my whole family coming now too.
So far nothing they did was of quality work. Had to bring back repair, steering went out with family in car. Getting follow up repair now, we'll see.
It's a pretty decent burger... Prices are very good. Hopefully they last at a place where nothing has been successful. Just need to work on customer service. Shouldn't take as long as it did. Wait staff seemed over worked and very amateur.
This gym has every equipment needed for a great workout and enough equipments for everyone , open 24h from Monday to Friday there is no excuse to miss my workout, friendly service and geez people are fit & get u going!
eh, my car is usually cleaner than it was before I went there, but never as clean as it should be for what I spend.
Excellent attempt at doing a restaurant that is healthy and yet accessible to everyone.
So here's latest.  I received a message from the BBB this evening stating that they were unsuccessful at getting a response from Filibertos.  Not sure what the next step is, but I am not finished.
I love this place!! My mom and I have been faithful customers for about 3-4 years!! They treat us like family and their prices are better than any other nail salon :)
Wouldn't want to stay here again. Rooms were smelly, old, and needed major redo. Luckily the beds weren't bad, but other than that, the place needs to remodel. \n\nYo Yo
Great place to watch a game! Have a lot of choices for snacks and food. Cashiers do take Credit Card!!! Only problem was traffic, it sucks getting in and it sucks getting out!!!
Even through the dining decor is a relic from the 80s the food is ehhh eatable and if your this part of the woods its good to know that this is the ONLY place open late . Ready your french that's all they speak here.
Lazar is the best. I tried nearly all the barbers in the area. He's quick, consistent, and great at fading a close cut.
Worst pizza I've had it's insane how they managed to still stay open
I have eaten here about a half dozen times (this location) and the food has always been excellent. Never disappointed. Love the crab bisque. And the ribs are always good -- among the best I have had anywhere. Same experience at the other Pittsburgh area locations.
LOVE. enough said.
We had a discount for this place from our hotel and it was within walking distance. The food was good. Great drinks. My favorite part was the oversized beer pong outside. A great time overall!
It was horrible food and service but atleast my OJ was good lol\n\nI should've held out til lunch :( for somewhere else.
I have eaten here a few times and I have not been disappointed.
You need to be patient to wait ur food in here :) more than 10 minutes for 2 hamburger deluxes:)
It's ok chinese, nothing special.  The Chens on Baseline and Ellesworth is much better.  Not sure why such a big food quality difference when they seem to be owned by the same people.  Anyways, it is not bad, just nothing special about it.
I've been coming here for the last 12 year. Always amazing. Everyone who works there is awesome. and the food is just as good.
Food is terrible! I hadn't eaten quiznos in years because I always thought the food was sub par and overpriced. Thought I would try it again. It is in fact worse than I remember. The people that work at this location are slow, lazy and unfriendly. Honestly I think they should give me my money back.
Hands down our favorite Mexican restaurant in the valley! The staff is always wonderful and food is amazing!
Really like the sandwiches here.  Unique recipes.  Get there on the weekends for brunch and some interesting specials.  Haven't had a bad meal here yet.
Tourist trap but excellent Poutine nonetheless. I had the Poutine with smoked meat my wife went with the plain.  Both were excellent.\n\nThere is also an upstairs, which I believe is part of the same restaurant, where we had an outstanding crepe.
They serve fun beers and happy hour is nice.  Good beer, lots of tables and late. \n\nThe food is really high in calories I am not sure they have any healthy options.  Every thing seemed to be 1000 calories half your intake and honestly their food is not work half your daily calories.
Great cocktails and amazing food.  The scallops and grits special was the best dinner I've had in recent memory.  I'd be here every week if I lived in AZ
McCarran is pretty standard as far as airports go and its pretty easy to get around. Food selection is generic and overpriced but that's to be expected from any airport. Having slot machines all over the place are a nice touch so even people that are just catching a connecting flight can experience a little bit of Vegas.
Meh.. You are only  hours from the border. Find the real deal while in Vegas. There are plenty of spots. Don't waste your taste buds here. You're not missing anything special other a friendly staff.
The food was very mediocre and at these expensive prices I just can't give a good review
My burger was amazing.  Perfectly cooked with a delicious bun. I had the green chili burger.  The beer process were great also.  A pitcher is the same price as a pint
The Order was correct, but deceived a customer about the Carne Asada Burrito and wrote the wrong names on the wrapper.
California roll was good. I didn't care for the sauce that came with the blue crab and the service was terrible.
I ordered the After The Rain bouquet for my Mother's birthday and its was truly gorgeous. They also completed it in less than 2 hours after I submitted my online order. I will be using them in the future.
Wonderful food and very nice people. It's the best sushi we have ever had! Blink and you'll miss it from the outside but once inside I guarantee you'll return again and again.
The pharmacy is soooo slow!! Please hire more techs!
Overpriced. Food was just ok.  8.95 for a small bowl of pasta with butter for my daughter. No kids menu.
Our waitress was delightfully sweet!! I loved her fun personality, but the food was just awful. The crabcake was soggy and flavorless....and the fries came out lukewarm. Very disappointing.
as seen on 8-22-11 - yellow sign on door says re-opening October 2011
Only had soup and salad and it is hard to mess it up but the soup (lentil) was delicious and most importantly it was hot. The house salad was adaquate.  Service was friendly and timely. I would recommend this bistro for its price and food
Good beer, good food, good location!
Party time!
It was nice to hang outside by the fountain as the summer begins to reveal itself.  My daughter had a great time playing. Not as much seating but if come prepared you can make it work.
Pizza Fiesta surprisingly delivered out to us in Beechview, and the pizza was excellent as was the hoagie. I liked the Sugar Balls too.
Great state of the art facility, funded by the very generous Thomas Siebel. A lot of the research that changes the world goes on in this facility. It's spacious, busy yet quiet, and full of amazing people working all day long.
This has been one of the worst customer service interactions I've ever been through. The sales staff is great, but when you call on the phone...Look out it a hole different ballgame.\n\nI would never send anyone your way..Horrible, Horrible serivce...
What can i say that other's haven't.... best food!!!! best preparation!!!!!  good for the soul!!!!
1. Warm prosecco. : -(\n2. No wifi (and free wifi advertised is the reason I chose this place)\n3.
Great food great broccoli and cheese soup! Just check your to go order before leaving because sometimes its wrong. Happened to me twice already. Will be back to eat there again.
Had the Universel eggs Benedict and it was super good. I'd definitely go back for more.
We eat here a lot pretty much only because it has such a diverse menu with quite decent quality. You'll rarely if ever be blown away by anything, whether it be the service, food or drink, but you'll get a solid meal and everyone in your party will be satisfied.
All I have to say is: This is possibly the best meal I've ever eaten! Point blank! Filet mignon, outstanding!
The Cosmopolitan is one of the most modern and amazing casinos on the strip. Definitely great for the younger crowd. I liked that they actually had some Spanish 21 tables and of course they have a great club and an absolutely AMAZING buffet called Wicked Spoon! (see my other review for its greatness!)
Nice facility. None of the rental agencies had much of a line except Dollar, which was HUGE and SLOW.  Would give more stars to the Center if they would shut down the scandalous raquet conducted by Dollar's lackeys both at the counter and in the parking lot. (See terrible reviews for Dollar.)
It's a piano bar. If you have seen one, you have seen them all. With that being said, if you HAVEN'T then you are in for a good time. The sing alongs are goofy and fun, and the BIG ASS BEERS are plentiful, and well, big.
Had the Cubana torta and it was pretty good. I like the little kick of jalape\u00f1o in it. There was so many things I wanted to try, everything looked so yummy.
The office is awesome. It is painted everywhere with fun cartoons to keep kids eyes busy. The Service is excellent, Dr. Sheppard is super knowledgeable and great with working with little ones. A close friend recommended this place to me and they have never let me down.
if you're into heavy, rich food, Cowboy Ciao is your place.  i wasn't thoroughly impressed with the food, but the service is good.  very welcoming hostess, if i do say so myself.\n\nhonestly, i'd rather walk around the corner to fnb - it's way better.
It's your average Taco Bell.  The location is convenient for work and price is affordable for an inexpensive lunch.  Great service and the food tasted really good.
This is a smaller subway, good seating, not a very big lunch crowd when i went; parking is cramped cause of other stores in same strip.  Just ur average Subway :)
I tried their chocolate cupcake with buttercream frosting and loved the cake but not the topping. I will certainly return though to try their other goodies!
I too was skeptical of Narai given the Thai + sushi thing but was so glad I got over it. great happy hour, fresh sushi, Kirin on draft, and enthusiastic, attentive service all around. happy to have a nice neighborhood sushi place. we'll be back often.
The food was very good . The service was good too. I couldn't believe how cheap the beer was.  My boyfriend and i had some sort of German chilly fries which was really good.  We also had the giant pretzel.  So good.
Best chicken chopped salad ever! I add roasted salsa for an extra kick of spice. The staff, including penny and Chris, always remember my name and are extra friendly.
I've went once but never went back. Nothing really stuck out to me and the portions didn't fill me up. I'm a pretty small girl & was super hungry that night. I had to order a $6 brownie sundae (to share with my date) after to fill myself up -.-
Been here a few times now. Don't order anything for takeout, food tastes terrible once it gets cold. Their guacamole is a green paste so I'd highly suggest not eating it or ask for it on the side. It's a decent taco spot but there's better options out there.
The food here was just average at best.  I had a ground beef taco and a shredded beef enchilada and nothing really stood out.  There are better options in the area.
Candy. That's probably one of the only reasons I go here. We get salt for winter, and candy for me. It takes about 15 minutes to choose a candy, 10 if you hum the Jeopardy theme song loud enough to annoy other customers. Good selection for everything, but stupid layout.
They do not allow high schoolers who are paying costumers use their restroom that is against health code and discrimination
Good food.  A solid choice.  That said... they charge too much for guacamole and sometimes the meat is cold.  I like Moe's better, but I definitely don't mind eating here.
After years of clogging the arteries and shortening the lives of local patrons, KFC has closed their doors forever!
$15 for four shirts but they do a great job.  I've had to haggle several times over whether my shirts are hand pressed or standard press, but so far their workmanship is better than any other dry cleaner in Charlotte.
This place sucks I found 7 hairs on my dish . Between the batter of the pancake the egg and even my coffee what kind of shit it this if give out a -5 slow service and the waitress have their hair all over the place that explains the hairy plate
Overpriced for mediocre food\nRecently placed an order to go and was sticker shocked\n3 blueberry pancakes with real maple syrup $10.48\nNice profit margin for them but when feel ripped off you don't get repeat customer's
Not fantastic for the price you will pay for dinner. The view from the patio was nice. We enjoyed eating outside. The French onion soup and the bread were the highlight of my meal. The salmon entree wasn't anything special nor were the pricey, small side dishes.
Good food, typical of a \"flip your food\" Japanese steakhouse. Place was empty. Hibachi shrimp $23. Hibachi chicken $16. Exactly what you would expect but over priced for quality.
Ordered to go. Absolutely horrible.  I have never had ramen so bad. The noodles were not cooked! Never going back. I called the shop the same day, and I am still waiting for the Owner to call me back. Total rip off of money.
My favorite Filipino restaurant in Vegas, that's all!
Got the works pizza on a Monday to try the place out for half price.  We really wanted to like it, but the pizza is truly lacking, toppings were not even or abundant.  It would be hard to pay $19(full price) for a pie that weak.  Needless to say we'll try the place again.
Wow. Smallest water cups I've ever seen in my life (they're as big as shot glasses). The subs are fairly good, but they cost so much money that it's not really worth it.
Best hidden secret in Vegas..... Great selection.... Totally recommend!!!  Chef Beni is worth the visit!!
This place has some of the best sandwiches I've ever had. The new york skyhigh and the sam and emmas were soooooo amazing. Great prices and the best food we had the whole vegas trip
Ramen here was very tasty.   I don't eat pork, so there vegetarian spicy miso ramen really hit the spot!  Portion size was perfect.  Will come back again with friends!
Limited products and rude sales people.
great/cheap lunch specials :) beef terriyaki, shrimp and veggie tempura, cali roll + tuna halibut salmon sushi all for $10
the most unique yet delicious combo of ethnicities to ever clash! the fusion is actually better than Mexican food itself IMHO.....try it out, if you don't like it, then you're either a hater or you're not human
Simple routines. Kid friendly.  Funny. Not in the class of Copperfield, Lance Burton, Jan Rouven. Very tacky venue and props, but very close to the super small stage - good. Assistant Lefty was as good if not better.
This place is AMAZING!!!!  Customer service was EXCELLENT. The food DELISH!!!  Portion sizes MORE THAN A MEAL!!!! A return visit is in order.
Always a destination when I'm in town...
Alright setup, nice furniture, nothing out of the blue here, but bad service. I was DD-ing and the bartender charged me for a soda, called \"last-call\" well before commonplace last-call time, and was generally rude. I would not go back.
This is still my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas,  and now my office is just a few steps away. I ate here today with some others from our Keller Williams office,  and I enjoyed it yet again. The service is always amazing,  and the food is incredible.  Can't wait to go again!!
Had the new Haddock sandwich. Very tasty!  Nice addition to the sandwiches and pastas.  The value here is fantastic - no entrees over $9 and amazing bread.  No white tablecloths, but if you're looking for a casual atmosphere and really quality food, this is the place.
Just really uninteresting and bland. Yes, very VERY boring. Wish we gone elsewhere.
Always a great lunch spot despite the entitled and rude swarm customer wise. The staff here have the patience of saints! Great iced tea, tuna salad, chicken salad and of course great bread.
Ordered fried chicken that was dry and I ate some bone fragments. OMG!  Pancit was bland.  It was not good at all.  Will not be coming back to try anything else. (
Great hot sandwiches the cook makes it right in front of you. Best hot sandwiches I've had in Las vegas so far!!
I love this spa! This spa is my hideaway in vegas and it's CLEAN.\nYou can spend hours in here,but be careful not to get sucked into the Korean soaps or you'll stay there all day.
The seets are waaaay too smashed together. $125 pet fee is rape.  My dog is smaller than my purse. They sure aren't charging me that to carry on my purse!
Very mediocre. \n\nThe bone marrow flan is excellent, the wagyu filet was great, but the wagyu prime rib was really tough!!! Also, the service was quite poor. I've had much better steaks, and would not recommend Cut, especially given the price.
They are ok If you just need something delivered fast but don't want pizza. Other than that the food was not great and barely good.
Tasty.  Not too greasy, not too salty.  Quick delivery.\nFresh ingredients.\nFast delivery... use the computer based ordering system... very efficient.\nOverall very good food and experience.
Great food my only complaint will be the booths are very small.  If you have a medium sized belly it will be resting on the table.
Service was very slow tonight, we got a table right away, but food was not coming out of the kitchen. Drink refills very hard to come by.
For fast food, this is some pretty good stuff!\n\nI had some chicken fingers and a chicken cesar wrap. it was good for $4.
Skimpy topping\nNot well distributed, so half your slice has no topping \nMakes a lot of mistakes\nTook an hour for the last 2 deliveries \nAnd the staff isn't very nice. \n\nI'm DONE with them!
The new Arby's beef gyros were really good. Of course its not the real gyro meat, but the tzatziki sauce makes it taste like the real thing.  Service was quick. Will come back again.
The food is actually pretty good.  Never had their pizza, but their sandwiches are delicious.  The service is pretty fast.  Usually the older gentlemen that takes orders over the phone is a pleasure to talk to, but the young kid needs an attitude adjustment.
People...please don't rate restaurant only on service or noise level.  I have eaten here about 5 different times and it is consistently delicious.  The Shepherds Pie is rich and filling and you HAVE to get the bread pudding.  It comes with 2 sauces that you pour over before eating.  Out of this world!!!
This is my favorite place for breakfast, especially because it is so close to my house. You will have to wait in line and share a table after about 8:30, but the homeyness and yummy food/coffee make it an experience
Very intimate restaurant. Enjoyed the seven course meal with my wife. Highly recommend for a memorable experience on mt. Washington.
I will be coming to this place to get my eyebrows done again, lady very fast and didn't burn me with the threading.
I've been eating here on and off for the better part of two decades. There's nothing really special about the food, but it's full of good reliable staples. The coffee is always fresh and the Bloody Mary's are very good. Plenty of horseradish if you want it!
Used to be one of my favorite places until they took the sweet and spicy shrimp off the happy hour menu. Off to bonefish I go for Bang Bang Shrimp!
this place makes their own ice cream!  and it tastes great too.  i believe the owners are local too.  each time we go the service is great.  there is a tv and kid table and chairs available too.  i enjoying going to cold stone but this place is right around the corner from where we live.  i hope this place stays around!!!
Southwest there are who there are. They just fly you from one spot to one spot. I really wished they had a better attitude about there customers, because we do pay them to fly on there planes. 1 star is all they are getting from me, because all I got was one smile from any of there staff.
Came here for lunch, very slow service .  Food came out cold .  Stay away .
Healthy fresh food. Great for vegans, they even have fresh juice!!
After avoiding this place for some time After bed experience about one year ago, decided to give thus place another chance and ...... If you like late 80's beginning 90's cooking with mediocre service you may like this place
It was our mistake to take our 5 year old there for dinner after swim class.  Not our fault the food was mediocre.  Service was ok but this is really a bar not a family place. We won't return.
Overpriced and overhyped food. Last time turned around at the door due to the smell and waiting line.....
Location Location Location, It is crazy important in the restaurant business. This is a beautiful location, right in the culture district. Loved it seating outside to watch the traffic, and seeing pits burgh. First time visiting this town, and wow loved having a starbucks drink and being able to soak in the town.
Major disappointment. Chewy calamari that tasted like it was sitting around all day and a soggy pizza. Prices are way too high, quality way too low.
Two stars for the sandwiches, negative three stars for them never answering their phone.
Been here a couple times with the BF, and I have no complaints...get the Killer Shrimp, it is my FAVORITE! Nice staff, and now the happy hour is like all afternoon/evening! Pretty rad.
My husband and I found this place by accident last night. We went out to do something else and ended up here. We found their wine to be wonderful, the service was fantastic and we even met some new people we hope to see again. Can't wait to go back!
Been to a few ESPN Zones, and this has the best service of them all. \n\nThis place is great if a sports fan, and you want to get your drink on and some pretty good food.
I'm giving 5 stars for the freaking awesome happy hour specials for beer and food! I mean where can you go for $4 pitchers in North Scottsdale??? I can come and get my drink on and some pizza and not be broke at the end which is a common occurrence in this area. Great pre-gamer for the night!
This is what you get for $7 bucks?! One shriveled up piece of chicken and fish, 12 French fries and two hush puppies. Wow I have better luck in the casinos. What a rip off! Never will return.
Always great service!  Love the lattes, teas, and the biscotti.  I continue to enjoy a stop here weekly.  The location is very convenient for my work commute.
Had the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and it was very good, but the service was flat out horrible.  40 minutes to get our food and the beer that i ordered when i sat down.  The place wasnt all that busy either.
It was on the smaller side...and the table wasn't that great.  Some people spilled drinks and it took the staff 15 minutes to clean it up.  Hope you had a better time than we did.
Very disappointing... Service was average, food was average, very bad acoustic, Price does not reflect the quality at all.
Yum Yum. Have the fontina grilled cheese. It is a amazing.
Great location, sea food is fresh, I enjoy the end of the week.  Garlic Shrimp dish blew me away.  One of those places when you finally eat there you were thinking why it took so long.  Real Food is here, Look for their three locations in the Valley
The staff here is so polite! And I absolutely love their chicken empanadas. I was kind of obsessed with them. But know that I have discovered the rest of their menu. I've got to try it all!
Loved this place!!!! You MUST visit this place when your in vegas!!
over rated for sure had tastings 175$ per person will not be back
Hidden gem with great food, good music and chill atmosphere. Definitely gonna go back again sometime
This store reminds me of thrift stores when I was a kid, not the over priced ones like Goodwill. Everything is neat, but the thrill of the search is still there. Great customer service. Donations are right inside the front door.
Want to love this restaurant but can't. Have dined here several times and the last time was not memorable. The oysters were good but the elk was over cooked and tough. The service was perfect just not the food.  Even the side dishes with the meal was plain. They do make a great cup of coffee.
Love this place for breakfast, lunch, or brunch! Too bad they are not open for dinner. :)\n\nThe food and service has always been great. But I had to give them 4 out of 5 stars because the wait for our food is a little longer than normal compared to similar restaurants.
The #4 Nutella and a Starbucks latte solved my wife's hang over blues every morning -patience required since its popular
This location sucks!!! Everyone provided horrible customer service. The manager was absolutely rude. All i wanted was for them to warm my coffee a little more in which was given to me cold. Never again going to this locations.
Hold the salt.  Burger made in edible because of way too much seasoned salt on the mushroom Swiss. Fries are no better than average. Store is dirty. No reason to return
Definitely one of my new favorite hotels. You can pretty much just stay here with the family the entire time you are here. Their pools (lazy pool, wave pool) were awesome. Kids loved it. Not so bad it's at the end of the strip.
I thought it would be a great Mothers Day breakfast , it was the worst breakfast I had. The waffle was do soggy & the chicken was so dried out( it was probably left over from yesterday)
Nothing too great about this place. Food was ok once we sent back the reheated food we first got. Once they made it fresh, it was good. Customer service was nothing great, but also not horrible. It would be nice to be able to get a free refill on the fountain soda too.
So Far best BBQ in AZ.  Family finished everything.  It was really good.  Had the baby back and the brisket. Kids loved it will definitely be back.
Joe is a professional recovery expert.
Every time I come here I always get friendly service and delectable treats! The candy apples and fudge are to die for. Highly recommend while you are in Lake Las Vegas.
Good food and great deal. The portion size is huge and its not expensive at all. I was pleasantly surprised (especially in this particular neighborhood!) Great Chinese place!
We love this place! The acai bowls they make are kind of like smoothies with some other stuff mixed in, but they make you feel so good because they are naturally sweetened -- without any sugar. Very healthy and very tasty.
Waited close to 15 minutes for a side salad and a kids meal.  I had to go and get it myself from the counter.  Huge crowd of people at the counter, no one directing anyone to the next available cashier. Very unfriendly workers.
Simply put, the food at this buffet is disgusting. Trust me, if I could give a 0 star score, I would.
The quality of food has gone down. Food comes out warm, dry ribs and quality just isn't the same. I used to like it here.
Transplant from the northeast. Tried the General Tso's, sauce was more like teriyaki and chicken was overcooked. My 11 year old loves Chinese and I got this at 7 pm so he was pretty hungry, had about 3 bites and was done. Look elsewhere.
Service wasn't good.. Messed up our order Three times. Staff would argue about the mistakes in front of us. Then we asked to have an item taken off our bill that we didn't order. And the manager came to us with an attitude. We paid left and still tipped but this review is being left behind.
Comic Expo. Big area, clean, nice employees. The parking area is pretty small, ad the nieghborhood certainly isn't the nicest, but if you're there for an event it's ok.
When I wrote a bad view on this restaurant, I received an email from Yelp saying it is deleted, because the business owner is not happy about it!!\n\nSee the photo uploaded!
Love this place!  I called and got an appointment right away.  I was nervous before my appointment, but the doc was friendly and made me feel comfortable.  Great selection of frames.
Tried this truck out at First Friday this month. Enjoyed the yummy donuts but what really Wowed me was the service. They came out with a smile serving the yummy cinnamon donuts and offering coupons for the next time I checked out their truck! definitely worth checking out.
On time, careful with my stuff, high energy and very friendly. Im going to call again tomorrow morning for help with new furniture I am getting for my place they just helped me move it to! \n\nHighly recommended
nice nice spot to have a coffee was coming. From.work.thought I stop in have coffee good choice.and cold.water right.there.to drink very cool ill be back soon
Very modern design steak house as if you're in a lounge... well it felt like a lounge.\n\nFood was superb!!
Back again!!!  LUPE'S SPECIAL.. ground beef enchiladas with and egg on top. Heart attack special but what a way to go.  Washed it down with a cold Bohemia.
HUGE portions,awesome food...insanely high prices,but worth it if you gotta have REAL deli now and then.\n\nLove the pickles,the spicy mustard,the corned beef,the turkey,the knish!
This one is crazy busy every lunch time on weekdays. 12-1:30ish. This also seems to be one of the few remaining ones that hasn't been remodeled in several years. They run better than average on getting your order correct though.
Good price, but food quality is okay. Maybe it's because the line is always so long and you build up too high of expectations. But for a place that emphasizes their international food, I don't think it's any more special than an upscale food court.
Unfortunately nothing really special about the food here.
Kobe burger was fantastic. Truffle fries where flavorful. I enjoyed my shake and wasn't disappointed by the service. \n\nWill return again and again for that burger!!!
rooms  are ok... staff is ok.. but the shuttle drivers are so nice.. they make up for the rest of the negatives..
Place have a very poor customer service. Rushed as to pay and workers complained right in front of us. Workers are rude placing plates without saying anything. Too pricey and food not that good. Not coming back here.
Horrible food and gruff, awful service!\nWith all the fabulous, high end dining in Vegas this one sorely disappoints!\nStay away from the Vegas outpost and stick with NYC's Olives which is still quite good.
Excellent company & really nice people!  We had a small roof leak and Daniel gave us a great quote. He & his wife also checked up on us afterward to make sure that we were happy & didn't have any problems.
Decent cofee shop. Easy to park. Service was great. No issues or problems whatsoever.
Overpriced crap Asian food. Noodles had wayyyy too much garlic and the entrees weren't that great either. Better off eating McDonald's nearby.
Was not impressed by their limited flavors, tobacco was to hoarse, made everyone cough. Needs to be decorated, very plain, but nice staff
WARNING!!!!! Butcher shop.  They can't even inject properly.  They gave me a hematoma from a simple procedure.   Avoid these butchers.  Chop shop alert.  You have been warned.  New dentists practicing without supervision.  Zero stars.
This pizza is stellar. As a Chicagoan I always thought thin crust pizza was inferior to deep dish until I ate here.
This restaurant is no longer in business.
Amazing atmosphere     Very relaxing casual breakfast spot.  Menu is a little overpriced but the food is very good.  Great place if you are looking for a quiet place to work or eat.
heard they are having a tenth anniversary? so they've given about 15 haircuts, now?
Charming little place, smack in the McGill ghetto with an incredible menu and selection. Their food was fantastic and the presentation is really charming. The nachos are a must try! We were a big group and were served well and they even told us that the tip had already been included which was very decent of them.
This Stool Pigeons has gone put at this location. Just wanted you to know so you wouldn't make the trip & be disappointed when you got here & saw the vacant space. Try Hickory Tavern right around the corner on Mallard Lake in The Arbors shopping center near the Trader Joes. Excellent!
This restaurant has a very nice set of servers. They all are personal and very kind.
Every time I come to Las Vegas. I always stop here. Food is always excellent. My favorite Steakhouse.
Very helpful employees. Great selection.
Just ok. Thought the meat sauce smelled like Dr Ballard. Taco bar was nice though.
Had a burger & fries the other day for lunch.  Great prices.\n\nPlenty of TVs & pool tables.
Food = very good. Service = very nice. Definitely will be back.\n\nMy suggestion/complaint is that the website and the Yelp profile says \"Delivery: Yes.\" No, that's not correct. They only deliver for orders of $100 or more.
NYE coming and they still didn't answer my e-mail with some questions. I bought tickets anyway but this is a disrespect with the costumer.
A friend recommended this place &  enjoyed it. Once we figured out the tablet with the staff's help it was easy. And yes, you can customize your order. Great staff and ambience. Will go back for sure!
terrible phone and customer service.  absolutely awful.  will never use for installation of anything again. They overcharged me and were completely inconvenient. I don't care what the deal is. Never again Home Depot.
We enjoyed our supper at this place a lot.\nNice ambience and outstanding food.\nLiked the service very much.\nWould definitely o to this place with friends again.
This was my first time at taste of India. The service was very pleasant and I found the food and alcoholic beverages to be quite inexpensive. Most importantly, the food was fantastic. The flavors were well balanced and succulent. I will definitely be coming around more often.
Horrible over priced food and bad service. I loved going to this place before the management / owner change. They fired all the good staff members and what is left is incompetent waiters.
Unless retro grunge is your thing when going shopping then this Target probably isn't for you or the rest of the population. This Target is obsolete and dirty. Don't waste your time, there are better Targets on the totem pole.
Getting really sick of hearing not only the same songs over and over again within 2 hours, but of hearing the sexist remarks made in between songs. Not sure what their men vs. women issue is, but if I have to hear another stand off remark, I'm going to lose it.
Good food, nice atmosphere and well priced. Even had veggie ramen options, plus all around.
Bolba is on point. That's the only reason I go here.
There are plenty of better buffets elsewhere. Don't let the popularity and upscale feel of the hotel/casino trick you into thinking the buffet will also be good.
My new favorite place to eat!! Best comfort food!! Gizzards are delicious !! Mac & cheese are the best!!! Pick your seasons on Ur food!!! Thank Heaven for Wing Heaven!!
I like cosmopolitan, their customer service is excellent, from check in desk to room service to dine in at the restaurant , it was a great experience, cosmopolitan hotel definitely my top choice when I go to Vegas
I love their service. They are always working to help you get the best deal for the work you need. They do not try to over sale you on repairs you don't need. Thank you guys.
I had the chicken wings and they where very good!!\nBut the service is not the best they took long taking my order and they took longer getting my refills. At one point they forgot that i had order a drink. Not good for buisness!
Maybe someone who doesn't know what good Mexican food tastes like will say it's good. At least this location was awful and I will not go back. Maybe it was the cook that day who knows. I prefer other certain Mexican Food Restaurants any day.  The prices may be slightly higher but worth it.
Food was OK,, but I had better gyros at Chandler Fashion Mall. Much more meat there.  Here, not so much.  The Greek wings were very good and the Humus was tasty as well.  I will try it again, just to see.
Not sure why this place gets such bad  reviews. We had great service and excellent food. All the servers check in on you regularly, even if it's not their table.
The food was very bland and overpriced. Don't eat here! (3/7/12)
Very good food and very friendly staff.  Really enjoy the sandwiches for lunch time.  They have an outdoor patio which is nice when the weather is good.
Pizza is fantastic but be sure to order the classic crust. The thin crust is not as good as the nellos classic. \n\nVery fast service, and my favorite pizza joint in town. The classic cheese you can't go wrong with but order up a sausage pepperoni and you will be in heaven.
Decent food and close to the airport.
Best view of Vegas. Food is good, not awesome. Chicken fried lobster and lobster bisque= not to be missed. I expected better service, but go here for the ambiance. This is old school Vegas at its best.
Grabbed a $10 chicken sandwich between flights.  It was okay and it came with pretty good shoestring style fries.  The wait was too long though.
Phone & Service are good but Sprint employees are a bunch of liars. They locked me into a 2 year agreement then nearly doubled my monthly bill the next month, went from $55/month to $95/month, plus a few minor hidden fees. I get the run around with no answers.
Various interesting stuff including chips fruits special beer ... Bought vanilla flavor beer and maple bacon chips
$40 for a pitcher of Strawberry Lemon Mojito was a total rip off. The pitcher came half full of ice which totally diluted all the buzz we were hoping for. The oysters were also dry. Rather disappointing.
This Walmart is not clean at all it is so busy and I have NEVER seen more than two lanes open!  Also unless it's mid day the self check outs are either closed or broken and not accepting certain payment types! If I was you I would just drive to the Smith's up the street!
They did our custom Harley wedding cake way back in 2009 and most recently a birthday cake. The skill level is AMAZING and the cake itself is super moist and delicious. Highly recommend!
Amazing all the way around! The staff and food were top notch! I would return here repeatedly.
Two words; unlimited toppings.  Everything here is great.  I can't think of one negative thing to say.  Can't beat the price, quality, and quantity.
Decent service but they are about to dramatically jack up the prices. They must have nearly all their mailboxes rented.
Had a reservation on Christmas Eve.  We got there a little early and were seated promptly.  The menu items looked good, but unfortunately nobody would take our order.  After 20 minutes, we got up and left.
Regarding their Custom Framing.  I can't believe it took them 2 full weeks to finish framing my picture.  Either they have alot of work or they work slowly.
Best Italian food ever! The lobster bisque will bring tears to yours eyes. Our server really made my mom's bday special. I will definitely go there again.
Fun to relax and have a drink, watch TV and talk, nothing more. I prefer to save the $ and play them on a nearby slot and just tip the CW $1, but thats just me.
I moved from NC a year ago and I have tried 7 different places in a year....but now I  have found my girl. I felt right at home and as soon as she started, I knew she was good. I drive 30 min to go to her....she is awesome.
Very Good!\n\nGot the Beef Stew in Hot Pot. Pretty Spicy, but so delicious. \nHappy to have found this place on our stopover in Shadyside.
I was expecting something different. Really not that good. The best part were the two guys doing the pop and lock dances.
Food was ok... Not nearly deserving of the price. The service was inattentive and dismissive. I'd recommend dining elsewhere.  They even mixed up our steaks, and refused to admit fault.
Kent Brown prepares a great menu for pressers on the 8th floor.  From the holiday meal to the fajitas its all top notch, i recommend the meatloaf.
Yummy!!! Even though the place was packed the service was fantastic and the food came out quick!  The burgers where great and loved the sweet potato tots. All I needed was maple syrup to dip those in.
Avoid the aria caf\u00e9 except for breakfast. We had several enjoyable, high-quality breakfasts there but the dinner was atrocious.
This is a great mall that offers great store selection and easy window shopping opportunities. Its family friendly and during the summer months, the splash pad is always a kid favorite!
Very friendly staff! Went in for the buy one get one free oil change! Definitely going back!
I loovvvvve this Rosatis! By far the best in the valley! Great food and service! Lots of drink selections and I love the double dough pizza! The salads are also spectacular! I always get the chicken Caesar salad! Mmmmmm
A great clinic! I've always had great experiences with the staff here. Friendly, professional and well priced services. Definitely check them out!
Great place. BUT horrible service. Although it was a game day Sunday and it was full they only came by 2times to check if we were ok and needed something and every time we asked for something we got a different server!!!
Looks like Ruby Boutique has closed it's doors at the Kierland location.  I would really love to hear if Lisa (Owner) plans to open elsewhere or if she's stopped completely.  Anyone?!
Been to martini a few times place is ok way to much wood on the walls and very dark the food is ok at best. The good thing is they are open 24 hrs. If you need a drink!
Outstanding!  If you're in the mood for burgers and fries done right this is your spot.  Perfectly cooked, nice variety of unique ingredients and even an abundance of beers on tap.  We loved it.
The room was nice the service sucked. Room service could have been better especially for the price.  Communication was mixed up all over the place.  One thing was said when booking room and upon arrival a total different thing was said. Valet brought the wrong car.
We came here with our clients, who live here and recommended this restaurant. Amazing food of world leading quality and full of creativity! So many nice surprises too! Amazing!
Mediocre at best. As a fan of sea food, this place was quite disappointing.\nThe food is really greasy overall, and while the bread they serve seem to be freshly baked and are delicious, sadly that was the high point of my dining experience there.
Our room was average, cleaned with comfy beds. The only thing was the walls were too thin where you can hear your neighbor's conversation and tv.
Great food, awesome drinks! Most of all great company. It was awesome to meet  new people. My deareeeeeest friend Meghan invited me (she's the elite one) and the one who encouraged me to get a yelp account. I am looking forward to gaining elite status myself.
Its definately good stuff but if im going to wait in line for 20 minutes, ill go around the corner to Razzy Fresh.
Not too bad.  They have a good selection of stores in the area.  Not too crowded and had ample parking.  Not a fan of their food court though, but there are a number of restaurants in the area.
I gave this place a 5 star rating. Nothing more needs to be said.
I went there for the 1st time today. I decided to get the beach club sandwich. I was impressed by how fast I got my sandwich and the price is very reasonable. As far as the sandwich goes I'd say it was good but not amazing. I would be willing to go again but it wasn't as mind blowing as I had heard.
they get the job done. they don't even have a 24 hour joint like this in the bay. what's up with that?
Tina and the whole crew are awesome they are all friendly and all good people. Highly recommend this place
Awesomeness car wash..if you have the extra 4bucks get the lava! It put a wicked mean shine on my car. Free vacuums. And only a few minute wait...goes by quickly.
Be careful in the tubs!!!  No real slip protection.  Bathroom floors are slippery if they get wet from shower.  Staff is great & food is okay. They were a little heavy handed on the liquid smoke at lunch!!   Breakfast buffet is decent. Visit the spa while here.
Good services and good prices too. Thx!!! Open after 5pm which is nice also.
I was thinkin' - Vegas needs a pirate-themed casino, and then...bingo - I saw this place. First time I saw it, wasn't so impressed. But when i returned, I had pho, saw Canters, and just reveled in it.
Old, shitty bar which is redeemed by the lively crowd you'll find there. Wouldn't call it a dive bar as it doesn't have any unique physical characteristics; it's just a plain, run-down piece of crap that's frequented by fun people
This is one of the newer hotels in Vegas . Everything in the room is remote controlled . The curtains , lights , etc. The room was very nice and clean . The bathrooms were very nice too . The casino was pretty dead and that great . There wasn't much good stores or restaurants in here either .
The Mirage is nice. I didn't stay here, but I came here recently for a concert and also played some. The place is kinda crowded though. The placement of tables and slots made me feel a little claustrophobic. \n\nI won a bit here, so I will be back!
I was seen quickly and I wasn't rushed out. Spa chairs are older, but I got mani-pedi for $34. Staff was friendly, but she cut my cuticle. My feet look great. All in all, I left more relaxed than when I arrived.
See my other Yelp under Forum Shops!\n\nBut DAMN - I love this store and the Forum Shops.  Wonderful experiences.
The shrimp cocktails are no longer 99 cents. They are now 3.99. It's decent. Their cocktail sauce still tastes better than any other place in Vegas. The pies are EXCELLENT and you'll be hard pressed to find a better pie anywhere.
I love this place. The dishes that I usually get are the Beef Pho and Pork Vermicelli Bun. They are fantastic! I have taken numerous coworkers, family and friends there and everyone loves it and returns. The place is very clean and the service is friendly and fast. They have great coffee and Thai ice tea.
I have been wanting to check this place out for a long time and it definately did not disappoint!  The people working there actually know about books and their authors!!  I also like that they have events just about everyday.
Very fun experience and we loved trying the frozen hot chocolate!
Support this local business.  Good food, nice lady on the phone, and quick delivery. YUM! Never been to the actual restaurant, but i'm sure it's awesome.
Everything I had changed my life. Spring rolls, Tom Kia, Penang curry with chicken, sticky rice with mango!!! Amazing!
A friend recommended this place to me I went in for lunch and had the fish tacos which you can have grilled or fried i had fried and it was delicious they had a number of dishes for lunch I will recommend this place to everyone the atmosphere is nice
We took our group of 55 students here for dinner and we had a great time.  The staff at Planet Hollywood was attentive and helpful and the food was great!  I'd definitely come back!
This groomer was great! I recently left Dogs All Day because they changed groomers and the quality wasn't there. Here I got quick service and my dog looks good. The price was $10 more and the place smelled like dog but not enough to not go back.
Me and my friends chill here twice a week. Nader is the best bartender around. Great music, lots of tv's, and great food. I LOVE this place
This place is a good local place to eat. Prices are amazing. Lunch specials are great. Sushi is fresh and quick. I enjoy this place. Now service sometimes can be a little rough but most of the time great. I'd recommend this place as a casual night out for sushi
These guys are top notch. I took my classic car car in here and they designed me a oem looking system that would blow any new car's upgraded system out of the water. They met and exceeded all of my expectations. They showed me a few other projects they were working on, and it was evident that these guys really know their stuff.
This company has terrible customer service as far as I'm concerned. They also made a firearm ammunition sale to me that was not according to federal law. I consider myself a reasonable person and understand people make mistakes. It is a very fun place to visit but their selling practices and and customer service on the management level are absolutely unacceptable.
Delicious homemade food! Everything was so great and fresh, and the service was very friendly! We had the shrimp tacos, nachos, and quesadilla. Even the picky little boy we were with liked this place....better than McDonald's...which is a huge feat!
Pretty good overall, lots of different choices of food. I was excited about the Hibachi I was thinking flaming onion volcanoes and whatnot, but it's just a grill they heat stuff up for you on which is still nice. Happy to have a good buffet nearby.
Love every item on the menu! The staff is great and the French onion soup is a must have for me here! It's quick, healthy and very affordable. It is super close to unlv so it does get really packed during lunch time when school is in session though but it's worth the wait!
If you are into Modernism, you have to check this place out.   The owner is super friendly and very knowable about modern furniture.  You can buy real deal vintage stuff here.  The store is small but inventory is constantly on the move.  I would like to decorate my whole house with stuff from this store.
I went for a dessert adult drink :-)  The service was great and I loved learning about the Alice mug which I purchased.  Come here for what they are known for - the chocolate!  mmmm.  They also let me know that they are building a Max Brenner in SF and I can't wait for it to open!
This is a cute little place and it has delicious ice cream! Where else can you get a scoop of great ice cream with syrup for $2.50? You can taste test the many flavors before deciding what you want to order. You will be a fan after one taste with your colored personal scoop!
The food is simple and can be acceptable but not for quality-price.  The service is relatively slow, so it would be wise to order a small appetizer beforehand.\n\n\nAs for the atmosphere, they tried to incorporate the open ceiling concept with modern looks. Some might find it nice, some might find it chaotic.
Was Disaponinted with the amount of time it took me to get service at the bar !! Staff was friendly and the decar was nice.
this is where we get our scripts filled , fast friendly service !!!
The service was fast, the food was healthy and delicious, and the workers were friendly. What more could I want??
Worst service ever they made up a story about getting a new oven in please! !! Make the order lazy asses!!
I love their food but the service sucked didn't get waited on until 10mins later while I waited I over herd them B.S.ing in the back then when I did get waited on the person who took my order was a smarta** and made comments that u don't make very unprofessional
The food was great and Margie bumped the experience up to five stars with her knowledge and enthusiasm.
I got in without cover with a pass, it's alright, just another roof top lounge/club. Very similar to the Voodoo lounge, except that's even easier to score passes for...
In and out via priceline with NO ISSUES =)
amazing food, great service, very nice and welcoming servants. However your bill would be more than 70$ for sure, but it worths to experience it once in a while. We used a groupon deal and we paid overall 40$!
Great service and the Toasted Blue Cheese Chips are a great appetizer. Lots of salads, pastas and burgers to choose from. We will definitely return.
Great breakfast although it did take forever to be seen once we sat down and for the food to eventually come out.  Despite it all, the coffee and food was good and a nice atmosphere
If I could give 0 stars I would. Unprofessional. Pretty much a scam. They would take advantage of you if you don't know what the problem is. Horrible horrible people. Stay away.
Awesome food, came for breakfast and it was great. Sausage and spuds were excellent. Biscuits and pancakes were also nicely done.
I love Sammy H but this place has the  worst service if u are not sitting at the bar!  Food just ok- I tried it twice last week and won't be back to eat- just drink.
I have never been laughed at by a salesperson! I'm not sensitive, I am a seasoned western rider and am shocked at the lack of knowledge and customer service this place has.
I love Caribou's coffee so if that is what your looking for definitely stop by. However, if it is wi-fi you need, it tends to be slow and logs you off pretty frequently.
Rhe short rib fried rice is spectacular as well as everything else i've tried. Can be busy so keep in mind. Otherwise has some of the best thai food I've ever eaten.
Been excited ever since we found out they were re-opening. Didn't think it ead possible but the food and service evrn better.  Still have the full menu of all my favs!
Great chicken shawarma and a really yummy falafel wrap. Nice place. You may find parking right outside. I will be back again soon.
4 stars for drinks, the setting & the view.  We didn't stay here, but really enjoyed an evening of drinks at the Buttes. Killer view.
Our favorite steakhouse in Las Vegas. As locals we are hard to impress but
I was SO excited to see this show, but was just not impressed.  Seemed to me like a small-scale watered down version of O.  It was not terrible by any means, but for being one of the most expensive shows in Vegas, I was disappointed.
Eh.  We may have gone at the wrong times (July 4th when everything was close and a sunday afternoon) but it seemed not that great.  I would have liked it if the cheese and meat places were open but ce la vie.  we did get stuck in a huge rainstorm here.
Beautiful venue for great performances... So it leaves me to wonder... what is this place doing in Vegas?
I'm done eating at Sylvia's!
Decent burger, nice bartender, no complaints.
This was a great place with amazing pizza!  I recently moved to Charlotte and have failed to find pizza that I liked until i went to Zucca.  Give this place a try!
This store is closing August 16th. Why??? Cause they never remodeled it, poorly run and tired.  This is going to hurt all the other tenants in this shopping center.\nNice work AJ's, glorified food city
By far one of the coolest menus I've seen in awhile! Love this place, love the crapes, love the atmosphere and love the presentation!
One of the best facilities in town for shooting and receiving good service. Spend the money on a better package and enjoy. If your looking for a small hand gun range to mess around on then this is probably not for you even though they will accommodate you. Very safe and fun site so have fun
Wow this place is expensive! I got a veggie sandwich and small salad... for $12!!! WHAAAA.\n\nIt wasn't bad tho... too much hummus, but not bad.
I wish I could give them more stars! The best quality in town. Hands down. We had a beautiful sashimi platter and with a boyfriend who is from Japan it's pretty hard to impress him with any Japanese restaurant. He even said it's the best sushi he's had since moving to the states 10 years ago!
Ordered delivery and was not happy. The chicken was burnt so badly. Salad was forgotten. Ranch was forgotten. Zucchini was frozen in the middle.
Great service and they expedite!
its closing so they had great deals. just another place to lose your money in vegas...
Update: When the management contacted me I went back in to the business and showed them the damaged shirt. He agreed with me and paid me the fair value of the shirt. While I'm not sure if I'll use them again, they certainly did right by me in refunding the cost of the damaged garment.
pizza cooked at 800 degrees in 2 minutes. great service, atmosphere. reasonable prices but the flavor of my margarita  pizza was just Ok. kind of bland .
Don't miss out on this place.\nI had simple soft chicken tacos and the flavor was out of this world. \nThe beans and rice are incredibly fresh and delicious.
I give this place a-ok
I usually break up with a dry cleaner every 6-9 months for one reason or another but I actually am pleased with BOTH the service and actual cleaning at Carriage. Added bonus, they will reclean anything and target underarm perspiration with no charge/attitude.
Food was great!  We went back a few more times since November.  I'm very glad Al's fixed the issues that they were having and went back to very good food again.
Service was horrible, and the food wasnt that great either
Best place ever to get breakfast. Small, very nicely decorated restaurant where the serving staff is always smiling.
Horrible to the point of inedible food and tiny portions (the cardinal sin of an Italian restaurant) made this the worst meal we had the whole time we were in Vegas.  The service was extremely slow and the wine list was limited.
Great drive inn!!! LOVE the shakes here, except I can hear myself getting fatter as I eat them\n=(.
Service was great. The staff was so friendly. The sushi I had was great and the slices I had were nice and thick. Great find and great spot.  Looking forward to bringing friends and family!!!
all the locals know only prositutes hang out there. Or maybe just because my family are cops. Either way. gross.
A good place to eat and drink. Love the decor and the vibe. The tacos are pretty tasty and the drinks are all on happy hour price before 5!
I love it. The Hawaiian theme really works here. The drinks are super strong and the bartenders are great!
Two attempts to get the food we ordered. Not a smooth running process. Carhops not checking on orders after delivered. Bathrooms a bit on the yucky side. Been to  a lot of well run Sonics. This one could use a refresher on service and cleanliness. Food was okay.
Pathetic. Stood for 2 minutes at register while employees discussed their insurance plan.  No one even looked in my direction so I left. No latte for me :(  Service has always been a little slow at this location but never like this. Last visit to this location.
My co-worker just got back to the office with some Carne Asade Nachos that were SUPER SKIMPY! Smallest portion of Nachos ever...poor guy is HANGRY (hungry + angry). SAD FACE for Bermuda Robertos!
Don't ever eat here. Just don't!
Nice inviting location. The layout of the place makes you feel at home. making you wanting to hang out. Staff was nice and quick. Coffee is strong, but nothing special. $4 for a large latte is a bit high, but on par with most coffee shop prices. I will be back.
The food is good, Kimie (bartender) was great and the location is awesome. You can sit at the bar and look out on the strip and people watch while you enjoy your delicious drinks.
Service there sucks and the food is mediocre at best I wasn't expecting greatness just decent food.  So yo dollas and go to some place else.
4 minutes per car in the drive thru, messed up an americano (literally just espresso and water), had nothing in stock. Worst Starbucks in town.
Stopped in here for lunch with some business associates.  If the weather is nice, you've got to get a seat on the patio.\n\nFood is OK.  Nothing to exciting or cutting edge.  My club sandwich and cole slaw were just fine. They were a little slow on the iced tea refills.
What a downer...ended the evening here...food...just regular ole bar food...nothing special...drinks just average...water tasted good and fairly priced...
My hubby and I love the food and staff here. And the bakery stuff are awesome. Small friendly warm restaurant.
Food was just ok and took 45 minutes to get. With so many good places to eat in Vegas I wouldn't return.
They have good food good service! My favorite is the bootys patatoe wedges, they are delicious also the wings crispy! Just how I like them. They have a big variety of flavors to choose from. Friendly staff. Give it a try! Been here more than twice and have not been disappointed!
WoW.. Great Service, Great Food.. Typical traditional Diner.. Fabulous.. Enjoy!
Good breakfast spot. They make fresh pancakes, biscuits, omelets, you name it! Demitrius - the cook in the morning gives you a warm welcome with a huge smile. Lunch is 'ah ok'. Long lines and mediocre food - def recommend breakfast!
This place it is not a buffet and will not honor the 15% stays the contract has expired,therefore will not do it. Overprice and unfriendly customer service.
Brilliant little bar. Really friendly staff, and the food was fantastic. The wings are incredible. A must visit! I'll  be back for sure!
The DJ was awesome and bottle service was pretty good. However, there was absolutely no room to dance. It was PACKED, I think there was only one central room for dancing. Such a shame since the DJ was so good.
Crappy service and the food was terrible
Best buffet in Vegas!  Free beer and wine with purchase! The only con, is the long line.
Junito has been cutting my hair since I moved to Vegas. I refer all my buddies who move to town here. Great shop, great atmosphere with talented barbers.
Excellent service from the 1st to the last minute. Friedly, professional, well organized.
Terrible food, ended up throwing it out and buying snacks in the store next door. Rolled tacos looked store bought, cheese wasn't even melted on the food.
The drive thru line may be long but 9 times out of 10 it's quick. They are always so friendly. Even if you have to wait by time you get to the window to see the happy faces and get your hot coffee you immediately forget you were waiting :) \n\nSoy hazelnut macchiato for the win!
Decent. Not the best. Kind of pricey. Crab fried rice was really salty.
Big, loud, great staff. Definitely a strip casino. Drinks are expensive, talent is worth it. Great bands in The Extra Lounge.
Food is so amazing as well as their drinks.  Brought my in-laws here and they were impressed.  Dress nice.
Loved my bearnaise steak, husband was unimpressed with his filet au poivre....I don't think he'd go back, but I would. Try the mojito maison with st germain, it's delicious and lethal ;)
Very very bad. All of the food was stale and cold. All of the meat/chicken was dry. And the worst of all, I paid $25 for two people. We will never go back there.
Horribly slow service and average food. Wasn't even crowded and we could see from our table that bar wasn't busy, but drinks took 30 min .. Won't go back
Really great crepes and service. Location is a little hidden but worth tracking it down for Sunday brunch.
Is this show still going on?\n\nIt is not worth it. Old ladies with their tops off? Your money is better spent on finer establishments, if you know what I mean.
I came here March 26 because I love Sushi. I was very disappointed in the service. We had a blonde woman server, Jenny, and she hardly came to our table. Soup was cold and I had to reach over to the next empty table to get soy sauce. Food was good, just hope you don't get Jenny.
Nice atmosphere but I think the food is overpriced. It's a nice restaurant for a group though
Never stay at Bally's.\n*Long check in lines\n*rude receptionist \n*rude housekeeping\n*gross beddings\n*outdated furnitures\n*poor ventillation\n\nBally's is Vegas worst nightmare! Be warned! This place should be shut down!
Waited an hour to get my car cleaned. They did a poor job of it, and I will never come back to this place again. Their employees look like they just got out of jail, and were cussing in front of customers.
The best lunch buffet I've ever had in my life! Very reasonable and service is great! Everytime I visit town I go right to this place!! Food is delicious!
Barf. Everything we ordered was Nasty I'm sorry I can't. The drinks are fine but the food , NO
Terrible service. We walked in were told to sit anywhere. After sitting at the bar for five minutes and no service we walked out past the hostess and server who were chatting to find a new restaurant.
Went for cocktails Saturday night. They have a nice late night crowd with a reverse happy hour. I was impressed with the friendly bartenders. They Kept a tight watch on under age drinking. This place is well managed . I will be back!
I took my family here tonight. The staff was friendly, courteous, and helpful. The food was amazing! Normally I finish my meals no problem. I was totally stuffed and had to take some home. It was quality food that really filled you up and their selection of additions really make your order unique.
i dont think this is the worst buffet i've ever been to. but it's quite bad. However, i'll say that i have not been back since the bad experience.. i should go back at give it a 2nd try... maybe things have changed.
Nice atmosphere. The prices are a bit expensive for what you actually get.  The beer is good, though. The wait staff is ok, not super excited to see customers, but what do you expect. Food was ok.
Horrible food, restaurant in poor condition, bad smell in the air when you walk in the door
The previous reviews were correct. The service was great. Highly recommended !
Cheap rooms\n\nLow minimum bets if you gamble\n\n24 hour bowling alley\n\nMovie theater\n\nCrowd isn't the best\n\nDecently far from the strip.\n\nSandwich shop is delicious
AmaZing food, fast and friendly service. They actually make all of their ingredients from scratch!!!! We're talking from, homemade cheese, bread, sausages.... And great prices too!'!
The service is incredibly slow.  We have been sitting here for over 45 minutes and still no food.  At this point, I really don't care how good the food is, I'm so irritated that I don't want to eat it.  There is zero chance that I will ever come here.
Everyone is very friendly and welcoming.  The facility is newer and clean.  Give them a try, you won't be disappointed.
Really great show for adults and kids.  Starts with a cheesy video escape thing but is fantastic from that point forward.  I don't wish to ruin any surprises but would advise you to catch this before show closes in September.
This pharmacy sucks
This place has decent neighborhood Chinese food.  Kung pao and orange chicken were tasty dishes. Dont expect 4 star cuisine and you'll be very happy with what the kitchen puts out everyday. Eggrolls and crab puffs were fresh and yummy too.
This Dos location is OK.  I mean I never have a bad time when I come here, but I never have an exceptional time.  Make the commute for the Scottsdale location.  That Dos is money!!
Bomb poke! Best in North Las Vegas, this place delivers the goods!
We ate at Philadelphia steak and hoagie.  No taste, leave review so I remember not to come here again.
Always a good flick to see, even an art film or two. Unfortunately, there are so many broken seats! So NOT comfortable. They need to refurbish seats and make it stadium seating in all the theaters within the whole structure. I like that they have light lemonade though. I much prefer the 101.
It's kind of like In-N-Out for mid-westerners.  Good meal that regional nostalgia sort of inflates.  Does serious  business.  Very good Italian beef.
Yum! Definitely start with the drunk bread.  The burrata is also delicious - it was unlike anything I've ever tasted before.  I had the pork tenderloin and it was tender and flavorful. However, the potatoes and broccolini was bland. Great service!
This spicy chicken soup is a must have when sick. Always makes me feel better when my hubby brings it home for me.
Very , very , very poor service by employees at this station.  Daughter was stuck there for 13 hrs.   They should fire all employees and start over , never again.
Always love coming here. It's always packed and the outdoor patio looks out over a nice lake. Service is always decent, nothing special. It's a healthy alternative to anything else, I think.
I used CheckMaid for a move out.  They arrived promptly on time and work feverishly to complete the job.  They were professional and polite.  I would recommend their services to anyone in need of  a a cleaning service.  \n\nKen
Called their 800 number for information and pricing.  Rep extremely pushy - high pressure sales!!!!\nI hung up the call.  Staying with Cox Communication.
This was not a great experience. The service was solid, but nothing special. The food was lacking. The jambalaya was worse than cheesecake factory. The salads did not have fresh ingredients. Also. Lt. Dan's sausage dish was small. Nothing was really filling.
Not bad for dim sum.  Very clean and new. Food is pretty decent. I would give it 3.5 stars. Big open space with many large tables for your large dim sum groups.\n\nDoesn't seem too busy until the weekends.  Parking right in front of it sucks.
My first visit was for the ipswich clams,they were outstanding,however, my second visit for the ipswich clams was a total disaster they were very tough and tasted LOUSY Also no AC They said it wasn't working,same answere on my first visit.
Great food and ambience.
great food, great ambiance but a little pricey
Incredible selection of furniture..nice furniture. I only needed a table for my tv and could not decide. Lots of couches, recliners, and kitchen dinette sets. I haven't been to the other ones in town, but this one is great.
Terrible sportsmanship towards visitors!! They will say anything to make you leave and they don't hesitate to get the sheriff and get you kicked out for no reason!! Unbelievable!!
Boba was good! But I do have to mention the ants crawling all around the inside of the \"pick up\" window!! Ahh so gross
Awesome food, great service, nice ambience and wonderful beers!  My wife and I frequent this as a favorite lunch spot, and have been here for a \"night out\" several times.  It's what a brewery should be!
It's just like every other casual sit-down restaurant: better than fast food, but ultimately the same fare bought from the same wholesaler, served by UNCC students, and completely uninspired.    \n\nAnd packed the the gills.  There are some things I'll never understand about Charlotte.  ;)
Just ok.  \n\nThe above being said, quality relative to price...bad.\nValue relative to price...bad.\n\nThere's an In and Out near by...better burger and waaaaaayyyyyy cheaper.
Chips were tasteless, pretty sure my enchiladas were made with Alfredo sauce. Nothing was fresh, just loaded with fat.
Arrived and an hour wait just to check-in.  Lobby is hot, uncomfortable temp wise.  Very poor customer service so far, especially for the price.
That sundae is ridiculous. DO IT!
Super yummy general tso's chicken! Nice people there as well.
I just called for a quote to clean windows and base boards. The lady who I spoke with was hard to talk to and then hung up when I decided not to go with them.
Well, at least it's cheap. Hot Wok serves a purpose ... It makes food court Chinese seem gourmet by comparison. Best part? You don't need to get out of your car.
I can always count on Wal-Mart for low cost products! This store is convenient and has pretty fast service. Not too friendly of a greeting when I went though. I don't go out of my way to shop at Wal-Mart, but when I am in the area and needing something, I don't mind stopping in.
I sat at the bar on a semi-slow night and my boyfriend and I had the attention of the bartender and manger. Suggesting American spirits and samples. Had a fantastic time and will be back soon. Ps the rib and polenta was fantastic and filling.
Great pub...Always a great selection of rotating taps, including some locals. The food is good pub food, but everyone comes for the beer and patio (when weather is nice). Staff is very friendly and efficient. Stop by after work at least once a week for a few ice cold pints.
Horrible services! I will never go to this Red Lobster again. I well drive the extra miles to get better services  Very very disappointed :( we always leave a tip for our waitress or waiter no matter if it was bad services but this time there was no chance she was getting even a penny. Just horrible
Went to this place twice. Both times the meat was it extremely dry. Some of the chopped brisket was drier than beef jerky.
This is a decent place to get drinks. I've never tried the food so I can't comment on that. The patio is also nice.
Chips, Chips and more Chips! There chips and salsa are sooo good. Tacos are delish and price is reasonable for the amount of food you get. Plus they have Happy Hour taco specials.
I have been a resident here for almost 13 months. I really love my 2bed 2bath apartment home. This facility is clean and the management here is awesome. \n\nAlbertus B
Best all you can eat sushi I've had. Only $19.95
We went to Citizen Public House because of the multitude of huge Yelp reviews and it didn't disappoint. Our waiter was so knowledgable from the cocktails to the food and wine. Amazing memory. Thanks Citizen...we will visit again when we are in town.
Seems that everything was priced extremely high on this visit.
My favorite pizza in Pittsburgh. Very very thick cheese. Many many toppings. I like meat ball best! Try it!
Catfish, Mac-N-Cheese with Callard Greens and a side of laughter.   The people at Mario's make you feel like your part of the family.  Only three tables inside, so you might want to get it to go but it's worth it.
From out of town, I was look for a good take out Pizza and I was not disappointed. Fresh mushrooms, good hand tossed crust, just the right amount of sauce. Well done. Good price also. Service was good. Definetly recommend.
Its like an old all american backyard gathering...if you want to sit and eat, you must do so at the Arrogant Butcher = the main house in this metaphor. Pretty cute though, love the concept.
Their dishes are HUGE, and I mean freakin' huge! Probably enough to feed half of your family! Try their Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade, it's to die for. Went their for breakfast and dinner and they didn't disappoint.
Pizza delivery was on time, but the mood was barely even warm.  They also forgot to add the flavor.  Most of it went in the garbage.
They were super friendly from the moment I walked in the door. The woman who took my order was very patient with me and she took the time to explain the menu with it being my first time. I had the most amazing Tuscany salad here. I will definitely be back. :)
Food here is ok. I can typically get in and out quickly.  The servers are always pleasant.  The food is priced higher than the taste but that happens to often these days.
I took some advice from the past yelpers when looking for a decent hair-cut at a decent price.\n\nHave to say ,I'm impressed that the past reviews have been spot on. \n\nGreat haircut nothing more to say. Thanks to Yuri for the cut
Bonne ambiance, sympathique et le jeudi: drinks \u00e0 1$ :))
Looking for a light lunch and found the lobster shrimp quesidilla on the appetizer menu. Tasty!
So far the best breakfast place in Pittsburgh! Try their egg Benedict
Food was mediocre & service was even worse. I've been to Coco's in Cali & remember it was much better than this. If you're eating at Sunset Station, do yourself a favor & choose a different restaurant.
Went for lunch and wasn't very impressed with the food. The truffle fries were okay and my sandwich was just an average sandwich. I think it was overpriced for what it actually was. Maybe I didn't order the right things or dinner would be better but I wasn't very impressed
I usually just come here because the sushi is cheap . I had tried the chicken with garlic sauce and it was surprisingly great . I've been here before and usually the service is really horrible . This time around it was decent . Just horrible service , HORRIBLE .
WEAK. For a \"Nevada\" casino buffett its week.\nTI's is better. Luxor's is better. PM's is better.\n\nWhy is it weak? There was very limited food selection.
Coffee and Donuts milkshake was great, our burgers were not. Barely any cheese or sauce and my \"pink\" burger was dry and burnt. \nTry BRGR! They have excellent food!
This place is a joke! not only was my stuff not done on time, but than they added extra charges! come to this place if you want over priced late alterations. this place has terrible service and is shady and unethical.
I came at like 11:40 with my friend because I didn't know It opened at 12:00. Oops. Anyways, the guys were really nice and helpful! I think its a little pricey but worth it. :)
Fast, friendly service. No pressure to buy anything more than I wanted.  Comfortable waiting area  (but they can dial down the scented air a touch). Pet friendly.
For some reason I always have to connect between terminal E and terminal A. As a hub it's pretty busy so hoof it to your next gate!
Does happy hour end at 6pm or does it end at 7pm?! I don't know and neither do the servers. Be prepared to get screwed. Have fun
They charged up twice for the same order and then yelled at me on the phone saying that because I didn't have my recite on me it wasn't there problem and hung up on me
Loved my wedding there!!!!  This is a place where you can be physical in Las Vegas, but your wedding pictures will look like youc were at some tropical island.  The photographer was excellent. The staff were friendly. The flowers were beautiful. The officiant was eh, but not an employee.
I still come in here several times a month. \"Strong Island Amy\" is the hottest and best waitress I've had so far at any restaurant. Super attentive!\nYou can't go wrong with the food here, if you don't like it, you're an effing communist!
Pittsburgh has the most elegant bridges I've seen -- there's over 900 bridges spanning mostly over the Allegheny River and Ohio River.  There's a lot of interesting history about each bridge and the city does a great job maintaining the beauty of these structures.
Very clean and good service. BEST PHO IN VEGAS HANDS DOWN! Their egg rolls are awesome too, just on the smaller side. Wish they were bigger. Other than that, my whole families fav place to get Pho!
BBQ sauce need work. Was this bought made here? The tomato based sauce was watery and lacking taste. Brunswick stew watery as well.  \n\nService was good and has been consistent.
What a shame that they permit smoking and ruined this casino.
Curt, Jerry and everyone else at Jay's are fantastic. Service is always prompt, clean and done right the first time. We exclusively use Jay's at home and for our business! Thanks Jays!
The only place I go to for sweet and sour chicken. Its the best!
Loved the fried green tomatoes and pimento cheese.  Good atmosphere and our waitress, Sasha, was very good.  \nI will definitely
Sooo ridiculously busy tonight!! I think word has gotten out. This place was already crammed, now it's packed to the gills and the two servers can barely keep up. I think it's time to hire more help and get a bigger place.
my wife got the chicken and I got the gyro plate. Wait sucked, food was alright and I mostly sat there listening to the guy take orders over the phone the whole time. Seemed like they were more worried about the phone orders than the actual customers there. wouldnt go back.
Our favorite pub in Las Vegas.\n\nGood food, great beer and close to the Strip. Make it a point to go!
Nope! Snotty Nicole tried to up sell us and when we politely declined she gave us the crappiest car they had.  It came complete with tons of paint damage, mildew smelling AC and suspension that allowed us feel every crack in the road.  Won't rent here again.
Great service
Tacos rocked so hard, the Salsa was great, service was friendly and fast. It's a nice change from Gallo Blanco... I'm torn between the two, but that's OKay.
Ordered online for pickup, set the time, got there a minute early. Boom, food was ready. Drove home, food was all there and hot! I can't ask for more than that.
The peppermint mocha latte was very good, and so was the almond croissant...so good I had them two days in a row:)
Fast service.  Ordered extra crispy chicken.  The food was good as usual.  Will come back again.
They have bed bugs like the size of a chupacabra and I got bit in my butt by a bug and don't even get me started on the customer service.
More like 3.5 stars. Very good ice cream, very pricey (10) but worth the try. The water on the other hand was 5.75... Not worth it.
My new favorite Charlotte BBQ spot...\nAmazing specials!\nTry the Brisket fo sho!
This place was awesome. Wife had the salmon and I had the ribeye. Servings were generous and our server even split the soup for both of us. Excellent service. I hope you open the CA branch soon.
Great atmosphere! Service was attentive and friendly. Ordered enchiladas, very nice. Defiantly be back soon.
the food was fine on a weekend but disastrous on a week day. the weekend price is just 2$ above that of the weekday but the food is much better. less than average customer service.
found a hair in my food.\nmaybe a hairnet or two might help.\nThe outdoor seating is really sidewalk seating next to the parking lot and cars.\nWould vote lower if the option were available.
We got everything we ordered correctly. The fries were super fresh and we have tons of leftovers of them. The little burger is still a big burger, so don't order too big! Staff was friendly and the place was clean.
Good buffett... but not worth the extra $$$.  Quite pricey if you ask me.
This place is local, quaint, reasonably priced, unique, and friendly. I absolutely loved it. The sunny latte (cinnamon and carmel) is heavenly. It is a new local spot for me!!
Still some of the great places but the prices went up. Not a bang for your buck anymore.
Love the food! Love the waitresses! They know how to make locals feel welcome! Keep up the great work!
Great place to eat and great live music!  Good family environment as well!!
I took my sister out for dinner here. This place is awesome! We had Teriyaki wings and deep dish chicken Alfredo pizza soo delicious!! Loved the beer sampler as well! When I come back to Vegas def coming back!
Good French toast, sausage wasn't that great though. Very friendly staff, and I liked the decoration.
eeew. It started with a cranky waiter who told me that if I wanted to know the specials, then I should have read them on the board. The food was downhill from there. The entire place smelled like fried onions.
Love the guacomole!
Awesome food.  Staff was equally as great!  Didn't catch the girls name that had helped me, she had red hair, but she helpful and very sweet.  Two thumbs up!  I'll be back and bringing friends.
The food wasn't \"bad,\", but it wasn't great either. The service was terrible. For that reason alone, we won't be back.
Average food for super expensive prices.
I love this place ! Bit on the pricey side but worth it !
A coffee company should have good coffee, and this one does not.  I'm surprised by the reviews.  The plain coffee tasted watered down and not any type of rich or good flavor.  The vanilla latte was just strange.  Almost chemical tasting.
Good basic Japanese fast food. Good quality and fresh. I usually get the standard teriyaki chicken.   If you need a quick bite at lunch or dinner, and crave some kind of Japanese bowl, this is a decent place.
Well, VERY pricey. Burgers not very impressive at all. Sweet potato fries were the highlite of the stop. Odd selection of soda's on the fountain too.\nI'll pass and wont be back.
Looking for people who know what they are talking about Drones Plus employees are full of knowledge and TRULY have the BEST customer service skills I have encountered. Ask for Jason or Mike they will be able 2 help you with all your questions again THANK YOU everyone @ Drones Plus.
Came here using a Groupon. It was ok. Reminded me of a scaled down (flavor-wise) Chipotle. It fulfilled my afternoon hunger but it didn't wow me.
Good sushi at a good price!! Worth checking out
Love the burger amazing.  Incredible tacos and atmophere.  Love love love the open air bar area.  Attentive service and the manager even checked up on us we will definitely be back.
Wow! Yummy! My first time eating here, got the double burger with provolone cheese. That thing was packed with goodness and it was so juicy it was running all over my hands. nuff said
Pad Thai was good, husband had yellow curry seafood and cannot stop talking about it. Our server was very sweet. This restaurant is a little hole in the wall with a super punch. Visit this place, next time you're on the east side of town, las Vegas baby.
I had takeout from this place today and can't say that I would ever go back.  You can chose which ever type of sauce to put on your pasta, but they barely put any at all...my pasta was very dry and hardly had any flavor.  I would rather have a microwave dinner.
Sadly it seems as if this brand has meet is dimise.  It was good while it lasted and even though we only eat there twice it was good and I'm sorry to see it go
You've gotta try the cotton candy ice with custard. It's simply incredible.
They advertise as \"we deliver\" but everytime I call they say \"we aren't delivering today\" 3rd time in a row! Bummer.
Clean and friendly.  Best boba in town!\nMinus 1 star for stank bathroom
I have been using Bernina Connection for years to have Bernina sewing machines serviced. They do an excellent job for a reasonable price and they give a discount for bringing 2 machines in at the same time. Everybody here is very friendly and helpful. They warranty their work and I have never had any problems with the machines I have taken there for service.
Wonderful daycare/preschool. My kids have been there for 2 years and we have had great experiences with all of the teachers. They have a Christian environment which at this age is perfect for any religion- a good foundation of bible stories, God and kindness which we can build upon at home.
Clean establishment with VERY friendly staff. They take their time to explain the concept and help you through ordering (in the event you're undeceive.) FUN mini date for my son and I
I've been here a few times and I have to say that the food is really good here and the staff is really nice but what's up with the decor, blue plastic serving trays and plastic utensils!!!! Are we in a school cafeteria? Common you can do better than that!
I love this farmer's market because they carry Crow's Dairy Goat Cheese.  You seriously need to try this cheese.  The pepper goat cheese is amazing!  \n\nThe store is small, but has a decent selection.  I'm really just there for the cheese.  :-)
Stay away from this place, the lesbian behind the counter seems to have permanent PMS, she's rude to the customers and the food is not a big deal either.
Its a good place to go for happy hour. Good drink specials as well as inexpensive appetizers.  If you are in the North Scottsdale area I would suggest going and sitting on the patio and doing a little people watching and enjoying some sushi and drinks.
Review at the bottom-- Picky Much?  I love thats theres a Krispy Cream on this side of town now ! Drive thru is a plus donuts same delicious qaulity , customer service is fair Im happy there coming back way better than Dunkin in my opinion.
Love Julioberto's!! My usual is a burrito with beans, potatoes and guacamole. Their green sauce is awesome. I think I might just like this place better than Filiberto's! Yum!!
Yes, it's OK hotel in Vegas. Pool is far away from room. Their sports bar staff are friendly.
It's just bad pizza, folks.
Awesome location and incredible, attentive staff. Had the rotisserie chicken and the wife had the Caesar salad. Both were delicious and we will definitely return for future lunch meals.
110 outside and no AC for a 30 minute plus wait!  Terrible customer amenities
The golf course is overpriced for the condition of the course.  I will not play this course again.  The greens are terrible and fairways are weedy.
Mark and his company came out and installed all new windows in my house. Wow what a great job he did! I did 3 quotes as I always do when hiring a service and Garcia's Windows beat them all. I plan on having him come back out to do sliding glass doors in the future. Thanks Mark!
This place is horrible! One of the employees crashed my car and rather than having them fix the problem they refuse to answer my call!!  Don't attend the phoenix (7st) location.
Tried it a few times but last time I had the soup , it was stale and made me sick. Waste of money.
If you're looking for a go-to thai place in CU or have never had thai food before then this is the place for you.  Prices are right at the sweet spot of 6-11 dollars per dish.  Whatever you order I recommend you have a glass of Thai Iced Coffee with it.
A nice little hotel in the middle of giants on the strip. Rooms new and nicely equipped. Not what you expect in Las Vegas...
Bad service, waited 30 min before we were asked what we wanted to drink, then 30 more to bring it to us. Fish is less than decent.
Friendly staff, but horrible crust on that Pizza Mia.  I admit, I was starving, desperate, and being cheap.  Mistake made.
Absolutely amazing food with great drinks and service.
This was my first time at a hard rock cafe and I thought the concept was pretty cool. The food was decent; my hash browns were very good (but also full of bacon bits and onion).
This restaurant is closed now.
I freaking love it here!! This can't be missed if your around this area, try out True Food.
One of the best pizza places in town, if not the best. Great friendly service, they make you feel at home. Don't pay attention to the bad reviews on this place, those people are crazy and obviously have a stick up you know where.
The food was great. \n\nNice , little clean place.\nThe menu lacks description , but I was able to ask the waiter about anything that sounded interesting. \n\nI will be back.
Our water heater stopped working at 9 pm and Eli arrived after 9:30 pm he seemed to be on the level of genius and had us back in action with in about 20 minutes thank you Eli!!! Honest, professional, and knowledgeable!
I totally recommend this car wash if your looking for a quick and clean experience!!! Everyone here is alway very friendly and they don't waste any time. BEST CAR WASH EVER!!
This place is now -Rick's Caberet-and it always looks dead probably since its a very hard to get to location.
What a waste of a great concept and location. I walked in on a Sunday evening expecting a mature, chill lounge for grown ups and instead I got the complete opposite. So glad I didn't come here with colleagues.
Horrible food. Great environment. I had the worst Asian chicken salad of my life at the pub. The lettuce was wilted.  There was to much dressing and the dressing was not good. There were only three slices of orange. The burgers were ok.
Food was very good not impressed with the service at all. Actually was very unhappy with the service we received and next time would try one of the other plethora of steakhouse dining in Las Vegas
The donuts are huge and yummy.  just wish they offered breakfast burritos like other locations do.
Not a fluke! Went for the 4th time yesterday, totally tasty! Service is always good. Tip...the tomato type sauce that come with the mussels is SO good! I dip my bread in it! Great flavor with capers...
I forgot how much I LOVE this place seeing that I don't live in the southwest area anymore but it's worth the drive! Prices can be steep on commercial items however produce and meat are reasonably priced and fresh. And they offer military discount on Thursdays!
best place in town for pho, the plate 89 beef and salad is really good... I wish the staff can speak English, the place smell is not so good...
Amazing experience every time. I had Ken give me a pedicure while Megan gave me a manicure both did a fabulous job and the massage aspect could put me right to sleep!
Amazing work, nice guy, quick service and an air conditioned garage while you wait. I highly recommend Dan.
Its not bad. I'm not into chain kind of places, but if you're with a group that doesn't do anything more adventurous, you'll do fine here. I vacillated between 2 and 3 stars but the house beer I had will make sure I come back from time to time.
I felt a need to warn people about how awful this places food is. The spaghetti & pizza are bland and terrible the best thing they have was their cheesy bread and that was still worse than any other places I've ever had. This place is garbage. Don't waste your money.
An epic lunch spot hidden in Dilworth! My boyfriend and I love going when we want a treat. They really have epic food and service. They make all of their sausages in-house and you can taste the difference. A great atmosphere and place to grab a quick bite to eat.
Typical chain.  Food is ok, service is good, and everything is clean.
Love, love, love this place! Everyone is super nice, food is always fesh, flavors are unlike anywhere else in Vegas. Mmmmmmm
I really enjoy eating at this place when I come to Vegas. The atmosphere is relaxing. Our server Ernesto was very polite and the food was awesome. Paella, papa bravas, lamb chops, ribs. The sangria mmm.. I recommend anyone who has never tried Tapas food to eat here.
We love the drive in.
Mediocre food, fun setting. I personally did not care for it. Service was outstanding though! Great people work there.
Get the lifetime alignment Warranty well worth it.  Bargain with the guy he will lower the original quote.
Terrible service. Cook had to get someone to my take order.  Two women finally came out and then told me to wait while they take a phone call.  They can't get called in order get order to take in automated system so I keep waiting.  Finally I just gave up & left without ordering.
Staff was friendly and there were a few locals make room for me at the bar at an ASU game.
The variety was the best, from the mexican, to the asian, to the middle eastern offerings.  I went to this buffet as part of my \nBuffet of Buffets Pass. \nIf you are into a basic but tasty variety of offerings, then this is your place.
it's fun to come here at 2 am when other asian restaurants nearby are closed. Food was so so, some hit, some missed. A bit loud with with club music they're playing in the background. The waitresses were very nice and friendly, if it wasn't for them, i would have giving 1 less star.
I really liked my mid-week visit here for breakfast.  It wasn't busy at all and the service was fast and friendly.\n\nI had the meat lovers scramble with hash browns and toast.  It was all very good and the hash browns in particular were cooked perfectly.
My Wife and I have had many great experiences.  We have had multiple Acupuncture treatments with Krissy with great results.  Not only is she very knowledgeable, but also real nice.  At this point we must have referred at least a dozen people to Krissy and everyone thanks us later.
I had the pork ribs.  It was ok.  It was cooked well, the flavor wasn't amazing and the sauce was an interesting bbq and whiskey flavor.  Enough said.  I'm sure there's better restaurants around.   The wait was fast but the food took forever to come out.
I have been eating Bob's Deli for over 10 years!  Nothing beats it!
WE LOVE IT! The food and service is great. We always joke about BBD expanding but then they would only have more customers and still no seating on Sunday morning.
Don't try to defend yourself there if you are a woman single by herself and two guys trying to take advantage of you no one there has your back and then you'll be 86 th for trying to protect yourself don't go there if you're a single woman it's not worth it
A nice selection of his own wines and others. Food was fantastic!   Had the stuffed mushrooms and pulled peek sliders. Yummy!  And everyone was very friendly!   Great combination. . Loved the atmosphere!
So, I have a $60.00 credit that SWA has held for a year. I asked them for a refund and their reply was that I needed to book a flight within three days or they keep my money. How cheap can they get? They didn't even offer me an extension for another flight!
Very relaxing here.. Dark room waterfall...nap time
I stopped by Sumi's for an afternoon snack and decided on a strawberry cream bun. It was a white bun sliced in half with light, fluffy, strawberry-flavored cream sandwiched in the middle. The cream was the perfect amount of sweet.\n\nI will definitely be back to try the other items.
Scrumptious. So many flavors, so little time...
Kind of like Scottsdale meets Jersey shore.  Solid Italian American menu that is deserving of neighborhood patronage, assuming that you can deal with the added decibels created by the patrons and the layout.
This hotel is for basics, decor is whatever.. Drinks are aiite... Wanna feel special on a budget? Here you go... Unless you wanna party with the grown ups than stick to Cosmo and Wynn...
LOVE
I think this a cool bar, although, i think they moved the location to somewhere else.
i've been a consistent customer of round table pizza since 1988, and it is to me, one of the best chain pizza restaurants out there. you seriously can't go wrong with the king arthur supreme, garlic and artichoke, and italian garlic supreme.
It's a burger joint nothing more sadly I don't go there much. Reason is I find there burgers very very greasy and unimpressive. For the cost I would likely go some were else sadly.
Best mex food!! The carne asada is the best
Just okay.  I had a pedicure and the water was on the colder side.  The pedicure and gel nail polish was $40 dollars.  I had better & less expensive elsewhere.
Wicked spoon used to be my favorite buffet in vegas. But the quality has gone down while the price came up. It is still one of my top choices, but  no longer deserves a 5 star.
service were ok,,  food was horrible
I was very disappointed.  First, I never expected to receive frozen tamales from a takeout establishment.  Who wants to go home and heat up their lunch? Second, the tamales were small, extremely dry and had no flavor.  I'm so sad.  I expected better.
Stopped by to pick up some office supplies.  It's a clean store with friendly employees.  They had some interesting items for Christmas, but nothing I was going to buy.  I just needed to get my supplies and head home.  Not much else to say about this store.\n\nWill I return?  Sure.
Charlotte Hounds games are fun for everyone!  A great way to start your Saturday nights.  Professional lacrosse is non-stop action and fun.  Check it out.
This is literally my favorite place on earth. Choose any 2 types of cookie and any of a dozen kinds of fantastic ice cream to make the best dessert of your life. And, it's only $2. Including tax. I would pay 5 times that for this level of bliss.
I've been here a few times and I always have a pretty good experience. It has a decent siize bar with many options of beer on tap. I've gotten Shepherd's Pie and it was pretty good. I'll stop in again for a couple of beers, why not?
The pizza was pretty good, but I was highly disappointed that they didn't offer their special tanked drink at a smaller size. I really wanted one but there was no way that I could have drank a whole one by myself. However they did have cheery Lambic and that drink paired really well with the pizza.
The hamburger is filling and they do prepare them the right way.\n\nI got the wings, not the best mild but very good medium or hot.\n\nA+ on the fried chicken and chicken fingers.\n\nHate the parking lot though..lol
ummm ya so blockbuster now has 99 cent movies every day all day... and some days during the week its only 40 cents... even though this is a tactic since they will all eventually be out of business...but im loving the new rates
Fast delivery, decent customer service, decent subs.  Hey I gotta like it.
Good food, huge buffet one of the biggest around but a little bland to appeal to everyone. There is also a Mongolian grill inside and sushi.   The sushi was not very good though go somewhere else if your a big sushi fan
Great bar, great staff, awesome food! Always a good time
Neat place to take kids for the atmosphere. But...it's really over priced for the quality if food and the amount of time the food took to come out. Food was bland and my pasta was cold by the time it got to the table. Service was ok I guess.
We got into the city late and looked for a fast bite. Typical bar food and cheap beer. I had some 2 dollar drafts and had some nachos. The crowd got a bit rough later on through the night.
overpriced drinks, rude staff... they kicked me out because I wore a hat. I'm sorry, if hats were forbidden then you shouldn't have let me in with one. I'd rather go to a straight bar
I hate the marathon, every year it ruins my life for one day. I live in Tempe and there is nothing greater than shutting down all the roads near my place and then having to battle with the increased traffic, at least its only once a year, ahhhhhh I forgot about Ironman!!
Our favorite local coffee spot!  The flat white is my husband's favorite, and I always enjoy the vanilla latte.  (Fat-free, of course...). Great, friendly service with a smile.  We will pass the big guys and pick Avery's every time!
Loved this place, lots of comments on the volume if the music but I thought it was fine.  We ordered the guacamole chips, mahi tacos, and carne asada, all of which were excellent.  Will definitely be back here again.
EH, I'd rather go to sheetz
I am here for my second lunch. The first I enjoyed the sushi bar and was delighted with all I sampled. Where has white tuna been all my life? It was like soft pieces of heaven. Everything was wonderful both visits. Sushi fresh and flavorful.
Print out the coupons online...  you can get admission for buy one, get one...  Don't take the coupon for 4 for $60 and the 2 prints, that's the normal price.
I love Thai cuisine. I always call in my order. The food is always prompt and fresh. The portions and price can't be beat. They always give me extra eggrolls which are delicious. The thai tea is good too.
Always impressed with the service, food, and variety.  They win!
So far, it's the best ribeye steak I've ever had.  Very juicy and tasty.  Can't go wrong with this dish.
Ocha is strictly about what is on the plate- deliciousness! \n\nA quintessential example of \" A hole in the wall, with amazing food.\"\n\nThai Beef Jerky is a must!
Great food! Bad service.  Bad enough ton bring 5 star food down to two star overall rating.  Came for a great fine dining experience.  Did not get it.  Went to  Red White & Blue for desert.  Sad but we had a better experience there.  Good thing Herbert can cook cause the rest of the experience was not good.
Like this location, but they do have a tendency to mess up my order (-1 star)... but they kind of sort of - not really- make up for it with free extra corn tortillas! In love with their flame broiled chicken and cheap tacos al carbon!
Great food and service. Great thin crust pizza. Nice pasta too.  Good wine selection. Great for outdoor sitting when weather is good.
I love the lunch specials, esp. the Thursday one that comes with an eggroll, ...good prices, and the soup/hot tea is great comfort food for when you're trying to keep warm and fight off a cold.
There was recently a report of this hotel being in near the projects, however....they were torn down a few years ago so keep in mind that that was an old post a lot has changed since
Delicious! Good food and great happy hour. It is definitely a hot spot for lunch too (besides happy hour).
WIth an area that is lacking a nice place to go for lunch this place really hits the spot.  Service is great and food is excellent.
I agree the bread sticks are the best. The pizza is good for $5.00
Always mess up my order! I don't know why they can't write it down so they get the order correct every time. This was my last bad experience I will be having there.
Not worth the prices.  Service was good, food was fair.  I'd recommend somewhere else first.
There weren't many people in the store and the service was slow... Like, incredibly slow.
I enjoy hitting this place when on the north side.   Try things first!   Then mix two that go great along with the tasty rice and black beans.  The cookie is a perfect end to this meal.
Doughy. Is it really a bagel? Great atmosphere and fun to watch them flip the bagel. Got it to go and walked down the street munching away.
Wonderful brewery with surprisingly great food. The salmon blt is a wonderful departure from the classic sandwich. Very fresh tasting. I recently had a daily special which was a duck breast. Amazing. Well prepared and vet reasonable price at 16 dollars. Worth your time.
The free wifi that reached to the plane. Don't look at me that way, I turned it off when they closed the door to the plane.
Best pretzels ever! Awesome beer garden with a giant Jenga game and corn hole toss game. Big communal tables add to the fun atmosphere. Servers are super helpful finding the perfect beer for you. And again, PRETZELS!!!
Took my team here for lunch and we all got the Thursday special - Duck leg confit.  It was delicious, great ambience and overall experience.  Dessert was also great - the service was kind of slow but we had a nice relaxing lunch. I would definitely recommend this place for good food.
The man there who is either the owner or manager is very rude. His attitude alone is enough of a reason for me not to return. The lady is nice, but the language barrier makes it impossible to communicate even the simplest of instructions or have basic questions answered.
Stopped by Bill's on my way through. It is tasty meat (chopped-up pork). The sauce is the vinegar style. Serve was good and everyone was friendly. ~$10 for a plate of food including lots of hush-puppies. Yum.
we really enjoyed the v show. this is definitely a must see while your in vegas.
since its the only one in Vegas i have to have them. its such a shame everytime ive called horrible experience. would rather go to the dentist. .000000001 star.
Everyone else is right... it's nothing fancy, plain ol' corporate restaurant BBQ.  But in that, they do it pretty good, it's open late, and it's close to my house.  Not much to complain about.
Great spot to watch a game.  Not your average bar food.  I had the fish tacos and they were top 5 I've ever had.  Salmon is also amazing.  The staff is super nice and welcoming.
Good sandwiches but prices are higher than quality of food.\nDeliver until like two am which is way later than others.  \nGreat if you're a bar next door to it patron,  they bring food right to yoy
Nice place for indoor soccer.  The turf seems to be in good shape and the folks at the front desk are nice and helpful.
The wine was okay, food was decent, but the service was blah! The waiter treated us like we didn't belong. I've in place more upscale than this and didn't receive such poor treatment.
Going to see Trans Siberian Orchestra and had to wait forever to get in. Horrible organization and planning. It is already 30 minutes past start time.
Circus circus is an accurate description of the type of people you will see here. It might have been nice 20 years ago but its a dump compared to any other hotel on the strip. There is plenty of things for kids to do and the steakhouse is superb. But if your net worth is over $5000 I wouldn't stay here.
Good cappuccini, but: 1. Charging $6 is excessive; 2. And more upsetting, charging a dine-in fee for the cup is ridiculous... You try to reduce trash and in effect get less coffee and are charged more? C'mon.
Service was great, but the food was definitely lackluster. However, the apple strudel dessert was fantastic. Next time\nwe will just go for the dessert!
One of the best croissants in town, if not #1.  I base my rating solely on this and the consistently friendly service.
After searching every where for my Daughters 16th birthday cake, we went into Caketini. They were SUPER! They did a Fantastic job on the cake and it tasted GREAT. I would recommend them to anyone. Very satisfied!!
This place has the highest prices and the worst customer service of any store I've ever been to. \n\nThe staff is snotty undertrained and doesn't care if you spend money there or not. \n\nThe corporate policy is screw the customer.
EXCELLENT!\n\nVery cute new building in South Side, service was fantastic, and the food is delicious. The homemade mozzarella and chop salad were some of the best I've ever had. Will definitely return!
It was pretty dead when we were there but the pizza was not to bad and cheap eats. The decoration was so nasty tho.
You will not be disappointd. Deliscious entreys! Great place fo take out or eat in. Heat up leftovers the next day. Yummy
Average prices and frequently long lines to checkout.
What a great find in an old smokey hotel! This place has been renovated and is pretty nice. No windows or fresh air...of course. There is a flat screen TV playing Korean music videos on a loop - awesome! The entree dishes are around $10-15. Food is fast and decent here.
So I ordered a chicken plate and 10 mins later they came out and told me they were out of chicken ... at 5 pm ???? they owner never came over or the Manager to say anything.... I thought it was Rude!
If I could rate this lower than 1 star,  I would.  They completely over charged me, and it was very obvious they did it too.\n\nDo not go here.
Absolutely dreadful... cold, overpriced food... terrible service... the desert bar was lacking... They nailed the pita bread and mashed potatoes but I have little else positive to say about the place.
One of my favs in Vegas, I go here every time I am in town.  I love the coffee and always bring some home.  Everything on the menu is fabulous love the ambiance and the service is always superb.
Underwhelming. I had the banana cream pie & the whole ensemble was tasteless: crust, custard, & cream were all bland.
Very nice to have a drive thru here.  And there's a lot of parking and seating if you walk in, too. The meeting room is cool. Very nice use of the old building with a patio added for the cool weather.  The park nearby makes this a great stop with the dogs. Puppicino!
Our fave store although always crowded during the weekends.
Not impressed with the food here.  Nothing spectacular about this place.  Steak was not prepared to tempature and service is medicore at best....Tried it twice but not super impressed both time.
Very entertaining...musical/rhythmic show!    Big fan.  I've seen perhaps 15 different shows/acts in Vegas.   I think this is my personal #2 overall....and #1 if you exclude comedy acts.    VERY worthwhile evening.
This is the best plate lunch place in Vegas!  It is the closest to what you get back in Hawaii. Real local style Mac salad..spam fried noodles..real local style.  Ox tail soup ,ONO. Kalbi, katsu, Teri chicken..all good
Went there on our last night had the special 99.00 dollars for two. 16 oz steak two lobster tails salad and dessert plus a bottle of wine. Service was good and the food was top notch
The meat is very fresh. We lined up outside for around 20 minutes at over 8pm. It is worth the lineup though. We ordered the combo and the large plate. The combo is of greater value in my mind(with rib and smoked meat together)
Good food and I like that they participate in rewards network. My only issue is the pour for their drinks. Very small and must be metered or the bartenders are told to pour small drinks. No worth the visit for the bar.
If I could give 0...I would.  Don't do it.
What an awesome experience I have everytime im @ cherry lash ..both of my Artist....Chelssa & Linda are great and staff even better i just love em all .....thank u Roxanne for always workking with me....  :-)
This place nails it on every level. Sorry to see that some \" foodies\" don't agree but hey, it's Phoenix...
Its actually worse than it sounds in Bill P.'s review. If you're starving, park here and walk over to the Giant Eagle right there - anything in their cafe will be better.
I went here last night with a hankering for steak, and let's just say I still have a hankering.
Number 36 burrito you can't go wrong.Been going there since 82 and they haven't lost a step!
The atmosphere was sadly the most impressive aspect of the restaurant.\nThe service was decent and the food was mediocre at best. I think I could have gotten a meal just as good at say an Olive Garden or Macaroni Grill...
Memories of my youth! Great place, always crowded but because its a good deal and fun treat
The mini refrigerator  \"Mini bar\" in the rooms does not keep anything cold. I call the front desk and they say \"it will only keep stuff cold if it is already cold\". What kind of bull is that!
The bar smells funny, its always packed with dudes and the monster mugs are usually warm.  \nThe movie clips they play between songs are funny but it get old pretty quick.   There are some decent looking broads here but I think their boyfriends take them here b/c of the competition.
This place was horrible! I paid 200 dollars for dinner for two, my steak was still mooing! If you are in Vegas and want a real steak, Gordon Ramsey Steakhouse does it right!
Great mexican food.  Got the steak taco salad and was shocked by the nubmer of options I had to choose from to add ingredients...loved it!  Great portion of food for the price.  Don't forget to get a punch card!
Food is good,  but the fried rice had a burnt taste to me,  My sister said it's good but It tasted funny to me.  But overall everything else we had was good
Kind of sad pasta fresh has closed but I definitely saw it coming. Once the owner stopped coming in and cooking the food himself, it all went to crap. The last time I ate here Chef Wes the owner was off and the cooks that we're working took no pride in their work, the food was cold and the flavor was way off.
P.F. Chang's isn't bad by any means, but if you are in Madison and want Chinese food, go to Imperial Gardens.  Bigger portions for less money.
Forget the Gym is the best fitness plan out there. Having a trainer come to my home or office was the only way I was gonna get it done! The trainers are physically fit, highly trained, motivational and personable beyond words.
First time going there this last Friday because of another friend that mentioned it on instagram. Been open for a few weeks now. Good and you got to love it when you have options on what to put on your own doughnut. I went basic with a maple glazed doughnut with some bacon crumbles.
Loved my Shaved Kale Salad w/ a light honey citrus vinaigrette. Didn't get a chance to try a Shake-a-Rita but I will be back for Gringo Hour or Taco Tuesday.  Going to being back my girlfriends to hang on the patio
I wish we had a way to hold this corporation accountable for its crimes against our society.
Staff friendly and attentive.  Salsa was very watery .  I couldn't find any evidence that it was made from tomatoes except that it was red.  Both of our entrees were flavorful.  We will go back.
This friendly Mom & Pop restaurant was exactly what I was looking for - casual, a great value, and complete yumminess outside the realm of typical restaurant fare. Definitely give it a try, and don't forget the dessert!!
I have heard great things about this vet, so I have over the years attempted to call her.  At least two times, my calls were never returned another time it took a week.  I could not rely on her care if my dog was ill.  Although she comes up as a Phoenix vet, she works outside of the city as well.
Great food. Great service. Monday's all you can eat crab legs for $25! and they have really great bbq.
The food is nothing special.  Every entree has a very monotonous taste and the flavors are very dull. Majoirty of the 30+ Chinese restaurants around Green Street serve better tasting food, but a place that is willing to deliver at 3am deserves at least 3 stars.
servings are huge... actually in platters and their menu is so reasonably priced!  great food... comfort food esp. family style =)
The staff was well trained, our waiters knew every ingredient and its sole contribution to the dish.  \nI have been attempting to word this review and I can't seem to express my satisfaction.  \nToday, I have tasted and experienced the better things in life
This place probably has a delicious full menu. But I wouldn't know. The prime rib and the Filet Mignon is so succulent and yummy that I have not bothered to try anything else.
Very interesting little place. Very authentic southern food. I had the fried chicken with Mac and cheese and fried ocre. All very good, I'm giving four stars because I felt like the menu was a little small, like I wanted more choices on food. But overall, good for some fried chicken and waffles! Good service, too!
Walked in and the place was nice but deserted, good for me cuz i got my order quickly. Staff was friendly. Bread was good but lacking in meat and fillings.
Terrible service, food and experience.  Waited over an hour to receive n overly salty meal and a lamb entree with 80 % fat.  We were 2 of the 4 initially in the restaurant andwaited 15 minutes to order drinks. Overpriced and horrendous service.
If you come for lunch or an early dinner, the pricing is good. Seven pounds ninety five for a two course lunch. I had the Thom Yum noodle soup. Spicy and tangy. \nThe thai conversation coming from the kitchen was a nice atmospheric touch.
Pretty lame pedicure for $25 dollars!!! I felt cheated the whole time I was in the chair.
I cannot believe I have not reviewed this place yet! Fresh, homemade noodles large portions, cheap prices. Word of warning though, the service is terrible, keep that in mind when you go in and you'll enjoy your experience.  Five stars for the food. The service takes it down to four, sometimes 3 depending on the day.
The VIP area for St Paddy's day party was a bust for the price. Limited drinks and very limited food
Great  customer service. Very clean room, professional therapist. My family and go here every few months and we always happy with our massagem
It's Burger King, there's not much to say, but this is a nice, clean location. Good service, 24 hours and they have my favorite drink of all time... VAULT soda on tap lol.
...if you're stuck downtown, I guess, but otherwise I really can't think of a reason to go here as opposed to any of the other 50+ theaters with free (ample) parking, more theaters, and vastly more comfortable seating options.
Pleasantly surprised, great drink specials and cute outdoor seating.\nFood was really good and I look forward to going back!
Decent for the money, but not spectacular. Wings were overcooked and dry. \n\nThe western bacon burger was decent. Bread was good.
I'm from Wisco.... glad to finally see a Culvers in Chandler.  Can't go wrong with a Burger and Cheese Curds.  Very clean and the service is excellent.
The tiny lady/girl behind the counter will surely put this cleaner out of business, sooner or later.  Have been going there since they opened for the last few years.  But i have had enough of the tiny terror behind the counter.  What is worse, is she is the only one there who speaks English, he boss, the owner, does not.
I just had brunch at Elements for the first time and my wife and I were blown away.  Food was outrageous, live music and unending Bloody Mary's ,  give me a break.\n\nThank you Elements, what a great day.
Good price, super fresh food, very efficient staff (though I could get my food faster) considering there's almost always a few people ahead of you if not 10. I usually have greasy (tasty!) mexican food but these guys know how to give you something good and healthy so definitely recommend trying them out.
This review is for the Mad Greek Primm, NV \"stateline\"\nFood is ok, not great or craving to come back. Every table had a bottle of tapatio on it, this should be a clear message they are not serious about Greek food.
there should be well more reviews about this quirky little cafe near the castle! I came with a few people and they seated us all and the man serving us was a right laugh! The only annoying thing was, they'd run out of chicken salad so I just had a vegetable soup instead! Tasty!
This bar is worth checking out and then never going again. It's a hole-in-the-wall and has free popcorn, but after that, loses its luster. Walk up State St. for a slightly more classy joint like Paul's Club after you see this dark and crowded underground bar.
Best sushi I've had in Arizona so far. That being said most of the sushi I've had here has been terrible. They'll sub brown rice instead of white rice for an additional dollar
The reason it is so dark is to hide the filth... Yuck!  Not impressed in the least... Staff are slow... Surprised the Lakes would have such a hole in their community.  Greasy spoon.
The atmosphere is fun, especially if you have kids, but the food is only ok. They also do have a great view of the lake.
Cute place for cheap chinese food. Nothing special, just a good hole in the wall neighborhood spot. The soup is really good and thick. The fried rice and sweet & sour pork were yummy.
Great deep tissue massage and heated tables
Pizza is decent (not amazing) and it is definitely NOT worth a 3 hour wait. Would I wait 20 minutes? Sure.
This place is damned tasty. The meat is tender, well marinated, and very reasonably priced. The rice it usually comes on is also delicious. \nThe only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because the menus look like those cheap fliers people leave on your car windows.
Dr. O and his staff are friendly and thorough.  I'm always comfortable asking questions, and he always takes the time to answer.
Picky buyers, not a huge selection, and because this is not in a good neighborhood, homeless people have been known to wander in and ask for money. Other locations definitely offer cleaner stores in better areas.
Ehhh, paying $18 for a small aquarium, not worth it. It's such a tease when you see a large squid advertisement around the hotel or a great white shark. Then when you go it's just baby sharks and a octopus basically just coiled up. I expected more.
i seen so many bad revies i called to cancel and they said i will be charged full price of my stay even if i was to cancel.. WTF???!! now im stuck in this shitty hotel freaken ey man!
Had dinner on Saturday, June 16.  The service was extremely slow and unattentive for server follow up or refils.  Considering the restaurant is part of a major Marriott Resort, the food was well below average for the prices charged.  I would not recommend this restaurant.
The only buffet I will eat at in Las Vegas!\n\nI'm not a fan of buffets but I thought this one was good!  I liked that the different ethnic food station had their own chefs constantly plated hot food.
Wow, not the place you want to patronize if you like customer service as part of your shopping experience.  That'll teach me for trying to patronize \"the little guy\". Unfortunately, that's why they are where they are.
The food was okay, but with the setting and the hype I'd heard about the place, I expected better. I even had my friends leftovers and his pasta was pretty it was alright, nothing special.
Simply put: one of the best restaurants if not THE best in Arizona. Flavor flavor flavor! Each dish is incredibly rich in flavor and completely different from every plate. Go at 5p to get half off on the \"starts\" appetizers.
great atmosphere and service love the food and kid friendly love the prep dirt cup deserts my kids actually thought there were actual worms lol but it's a great place and great food at a great price!!!
I had a lovely experience at Sammy's. The food was delicious, it didn't take long at all, and the food tasted so authentic & fresh! It was also my boyfriends first time trying pho, and he LOVED it, & he is a picky eater. Yumm must go!
How to lose your appetite instantaneously: order their \"grilled\" salmon heads. \nThose were heads dumped into frying oil then the waiter will come to slap them on your table with an attitude suitable for treating his cheating ex-girlfriend.
I went there several time. It's definitely a choice for you. But it's not like you want to go there everyday. Still, they've got good food there.
The good:\n- they have pizza\n\nThe  bad\n- used to be clean.\n- tables, floor, trays are dirty\n- pricey
I am not impressed at all.  But I have no choice cuz I have to fly to Phoenix.  If I had another choice, I would not fly with US Air.  \n\nI had to pay to check in my lugguage.  Service is bad.  Nothing is good.  Don't know how they remain in business.
The absolute best rotisserie chicken in Montreal. French fries are to die for. Coleslaw is amazing. Leg, breast, wings - all so juicy and flavorful. Don't forget the Hot Chicken sandwich, either. A Montreal landmark.
I called and was told no one can help me after nine why say your open 24/7 if you can't help
We missed the first venue but had a great time at every other place. It was worth the price and would recommend it to everyone who wants to check out multiple bars!
Service was good but the food was lacking. Most was way over cooked from sitting to long.
No flavor!
I really can't comment on the \"value\" because my company picked up the tab, but I can say that the service they gave us was great and the food was good. I had their 16 oz steak and their cheesecake/sweet potato crust (both delicious!). Would be open to come back again.
Decent Target.  They added a produce/food area recently.  The lines can be long with a slow check-out.  Great location though, with ample parking.  Great place to stock up on supplies when staying at a nearby hotel.
We found presto via yelp and was pleasantly surprised. The reviews were right on. Interesting menu. The Israeli couscous was delicious as was the Greek pide. The pide is big. Sharing is recommended. Never seen green eggs and ham like that. The owners were very friendly and personal.
Emilio is the best hairstylist I've ever had! He's done the best color and cut for me! I always get compliments after getting my hair done :)
Saw the man v food episode so we dropped in. Many menu choices. Shared steak torte and carne esada burrito which were both delicious. They also have several fresh juices which was very surprising. V8 juice was very refreshing. Highly recommend and will definately be back .
Used to be good but not now. New manager as of Aug. 14   Disrespectful, back talking and unhappy that he has to work. And a bad attitude to boot
I love Christina's review, but wanted to add that the bank is inside of a grocery store. Wish it would say that on the search.
Nice clean and spacious place with modern commercial equipment.  Large machines and good prices.  Friendly staff - I would gladly drive across town to use this place.  Thumbs up!  :-)
What a shitty experience. If you are decent person and want to be treated OK not even get close to this place. Asian guy at the check in was vey rude. Don't go
A very nice mall! Awesome shops! Very nice place to shop at!
Due to a threatening email from either an ex or current employee, this review had to be edited. It still stands that I had an unpleasant experience when I dined here.
Huge selection. So much booze it's hard to choose.  Yummy in my tummy.
Best nail salon in town! Super friendly and clean, great selection of colors, and they have excellent massage therapists on site to relax and pamper you!! Once you go here you won't want to go anywhere else!!
It was good, but nothing too special.\n\nI had the Planet Hollywood Dog, which was good, but nothing crazy!
Decent local course for sure.  Nice facility and course layout.  Be sure to check the local papers cause this place ALWAYS has 2 for 1 greens fees coupons.  One of the longer courses in Sun City West, so play can be a little on the slow side depending on the group in front of you.
Very nice staff, but they need to get a new air filtration system in the building. It smells really bad in some areas.
Awesome food, very clean, HUGE menu, and decent prices.\n\nThe family had a variety - spaghetti, pancakes, crepes, and french toast.  Everything was great.  I'll visit here next time I'm in Vegas, especially when looking for a quality breakfast.
Not much to say but I like this place. The Thai style fried rice with crab or lobster meat is pretty good. Service is ok and ambiance is good.
food has changed, not the same.  They charge for everything, fries, toppings, everything is extra.
Hostess: 1.0\nBartender/ waiter: 2\nFood: 3\nProperty: style decor ambiance: 2\n\nWhen did they start storing their stuffed olives in Styrofoam cups?
Food is excellent. Noise level is extreme and service is very rushed.
Came here in July! Super nice hotel. Very elegant and clean. Only downside is they have no fridge!
Perhaps the best restaurant in Pittsburgh.
Selection was limited and the styles were all ghetto. The worst part is that the salespeople are rude and don't even bother to greet me when I'm standing right in front of them and they didn't even have any other customers there!!!
Why would anyone pay money for food like this?
Just watched a World Cup game with a group of 15+ kids here. Food is decent, but beers were $7 each? The place has no atmosphere, you can't even tell what it is from the outside? In the middle of a retail/office park. Staff were friendly, just can't imagine it will stay open for much longer.
Craig P. at Scottsdale Guns was superb in his expert handling of a purchase I made. He arranged everything and shipped the firearm in one day. Nice job! DEM
Fun place with decent happy hour food. I would go back for Sisig fries! Music is hit or miss depending if there's a band or DJ. Service wasn't bad. House draft beer is a good price for the taste. Should be coming back again some day.
Not worth a longer review. Avoid, if possible...
Not bad. New management seems to be making changes. Girls are ok these days and the service sucks. The menu is getting smaller in food and they happy hour prices have gone up. The two DJ concept is cool.
One of the best meals I have had in a long time, had the Butterfish (a great Japanese fish), the service was top notch and the ambiance is one of the best I have ever experienced. The view from our table was incredible, this place hits on all fronts. Too bad its so far from NYC :)
looking for a good auto shop..and i found  this shop have good reviews..all the reviews are definitely right.mark is awesome..fast service !!.
I do about 95% of my shopping at Trader Joes, and I'm there every week. They have the best variety of organic produce and fresh fish. Plus, you can't beat their price of organic eggs, milk, and breads.
Excellent service..food was very good..beautiful vegas views..this is a must!
I used to stay here when it was Wynn owned and operated and things have changed for the worse.  The service and food options are just bad.  My experience was so sub par that I packed my bags and headed to the Wynn to finish my stay which turned out to be a great choice.  Great service and great food here.
call me crazy but my favorite sandwich so far is the tuna melt! haha the cheese that is melted within the sandwich is freakin delicious, i think we ate here like 2-3 times during our last stay since we were staying at planet hollywood, i know right? kinda embarrassing but whatevs so good!
clean and nice
Zimbrick BMW has been phenomenal, except for Todd C (a service advisor). I will not go into a long story but the guy has no clue what he is talking about. I would think a place like this would want people to know what they are talking about.
Was at the All Star Fan Fest this weekend, and got to have a cone from their stand inside of the event.  YUMMY!  It was a hot day, and the whole vibe of being at an actually game was only improved by being able to stroll around eating a double dip!
The best buffet in Vegas!   This one has everything!   We went twice for lunch and also brunch and didn't have to wait.    Amazing!
the seat was not comfortable . the drink was just o.k  for the price. the services  was very bad . very very slow .
I had a really great experience at this resturant.  the food was great.  the bacon thing was not overpowering, and really the best bloody mary ive had in a long time....including bacon.  the resturant also looks really good.
Whether it's breakfast lunch or dinner, this is the best place to eat in Gilbert. Hands down.
The wait staff was nice.  They ran out of food because they hadn't been expecting such a busy day after a holiday.  But what they did have was delicious and came in huge portions for a great price for the Vegas strip.
Loved the Kalbi burger! I would pass on the Chili Fried Chicken.
This place only survives because there's no better option close by, which in a great foodie neighborhood is embarrassing. Staff is too busy interacting with themselves to do their job and food is average at best. Someone please open a real bagel shop in Arcadia!
Waste of money. Waste of time. After 2 hours and $40 had to tell the guy how to clean my vehicle. Didn't even vacuum interior completely. 2 of 4 tires not even cleaned.  What a joke. Cust svc is trash.
Very good happy hour, great wine and cheese selections. Service was very good as well. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone!
If they are only going to have two people work Saturday they need to have one person open a new account and the other person only do withdrawals and deposits. Ridiculous wait times!
The praise and worship with Pastor BJ just sets up a God Filled service with the charismatic and awesome Pastor Maiden ... Going the Past 18 months has made our Marriage Stronger and Faith Magical
Had a veggie sub and it was really quite good. Fresh baked wheat bread, and toasted so the veggies were all yummy-gooey with the cheese. Can't wait to try more, I have a feeling they are going to get a lot of business from me when I'm at Gangplank.
This place kicks ass.  The food is  super tasty, the prices are relatively cheap, and the delivery is FREE.  That's right, $FREE.99, and usually quick as hell.  Super pizza is my go to option when I want tasty ass food, but don't want to leave the house.
Great service, best we have had in town! Server made an amazing watermelon drink, thank you! Wide selection of food, everyone was pleased with what they got! \n\nCheck this place out!
Much improved an continuing too improve sub shop .. Good Subs! .. Love the hours & the staff cares to custom make orders. They offer great suggestions too.
Quest Carne was deliciously naughty! And the Skuna Bay Salmon Filet was to die for! Couldn't stop eating the fries!!! MTO Cafe is a refreshing addition to the Downtown restaurant scene!
My friend and I were treated with total disrespect by a blonde bartender. Will never be back due to her lack of customer service.
Bangkok Balcony has the BEST Yellow Curry I've ever had in my life. The END!
Always satisfying and never a let down!\nEverything we ordered was cooked to perfection.\nEach steak was juicy and the seared tuna was excellent!\nThe atmosphere here is comfortable with traditional flare.\nA really nice place to spend any meal!
Not bad outlet mall....they renovate and open new stores but still the outlet north much better with their store choices.
We had a great time here for dinner with friends after work. We ordered a bunch of different items off the menu and they were all delicious! Also had sake bombs which was fun!
A bit over priced, and usually a bit of a wait for your order.... the coffee is alright but the pastries are delicious!
Good beer and food was really good but the service was mediocre at best. But I love that I can here the game and not random music by Rihanna
The decor was so cool and the atmosphere was great! I had the filet, which was supposed to be medium-well and came out medium, but was still very very good. Had the apple crisp for dessert and woudl also recommend that. Overall, a really great place for dinner, but extremely pricey. . .
Place was quiet, room was clean, beds were comfortable, water was hot, less than $80. Happy Happy!
Oh yeah had a great time here! I had a few different beers on tap and some were good. Don't remember which ones I tried so don't ask lol.  The band that was playing there Friday night 8-24-12 were awesome, they really rocked out.
I have been going to Parkway for years. I really like the Parkway omelette. The service is always fast and friendly. What are you waiting for ?
I really do not see what the big deal is with this place waitress is awesome but the food was just overly spiced and sauced frozen pasta I miss Joey's of Chicago which was there at one time will not be going back I like my Stouffer's alot better
The worst case of customer service ever. I have came here often and its horrible. The staff has the worst attitude, it takes extremely long and they don't pay attention
I went there to get some stuff for my sons birthday and sadly left empty handed not one of the two games worked and the staff could not get the picture booth to work witch I was going to use as invites for his birthday
Very good cheeseburger. Even got the yelp special that popped up on my phone. Loved the fresh veggies on the burger, very tasty. The onion rings were huge. My coworker had the chicken salad, she said it was wonderful..i would definitely eat here again
I've eaten here a few times and haven't been impressed. The food is over priced and just ok. The last time we had dinner here the service was terrible and our server gave us the impression she's rather be someplace else. We won't be returning and certainly wouldn't recommend.
Coffee is great, but we always end there around lunch. My kids get sandwiches and cookies and the last time I had their southwestern egg wrap with egg whites. Yum yum!! I love living up in this area and love having a small mom and pop place to go to.
Very impressed with the efficiency, courtesy and professionalism shown by Jack and Nate during our move last week. Our move was relatively painless, in spite of the extremely hot weather! Our belongings were moved to our new address safely and without damage.  Would highly recommend this company.
Service was sketchy until the owners sister came by and helped us.  Way too far to be a regular stop but the food was good and the odd but cool mexican drink options (horchata, jugo de pina, etc) was a nice surprise!
As of August 2013, the D now charges a $20 resort fee. Ugh. I guess it was just a matter of time. So scratch that from my \"pros\" list.
Dueling piano bar and favorite bar in Pittsburgh. Usually a $2 cover on the weekends... The piano players sing new and old songs, and are crudely funny - be warned. Best part is when the whole band does sets, everyone in the bar sings at the top of their lungs.
This low-key cafe has excellent service with super friendly help and delicious food. The baba-ganouch and hummis were flavorful and plentiful. The lentil soup is absolutely the best ever. Go with the recommendations of the wait staff, they know what they are talking about. Yum :)
Salted Caramel Macaroon!!!!! yummy best i ever had\nAlso had a pecan tart which was amazing...next time i will try the creme brulee!!!! Cant wait!
Best place (and it was free) to see Pittsburgh!\n\nDefinitely make a trip up here!!
I ordered online an arrangement for a funeral. It was beautiful and exactly the way the picture represented it. Definitely would recommend cactus floral.
It is over priced..\nStaffs are not friendly and all foods are salty as typical buffet restaurant.\nThe Makino provides much better service and food.\nVery dissapointed....
This theater is inside the Boulder Station Casino. We went to a 10:30 show and it was a pretty decent place. It was convenient and the concessions are like any other Regal theater, just a little smaller and not as glitzy.
YUM!! Best cupcakes ever!! We had the halloween ones, vanilla with cream cheese topping!\n\nI've been to so many different cupcake places and this one is by far up there with georgetown cupcakes!
Cool atmosphere but overrated for average ramen. I would recommend Misoya instead for ramen.
The only place you can get a drink and snack in McCarran under $9.
They are supposed to close at 2 am however when I came before that time I was told they already started to break things down and was closed for the night. If you close at 2 then close at 2 not before. I was really irritated by that.
Food was ok, but the main issue I had is the restaurant is NOT kid-friendly as it purports to be. There is gratuitous use of curse words on the menu and displays through the restaurant.
The best cr\u00e8me br\u00fbl\u00e9e truck in the city! No, the state!! Maybe even the world and/or universe!!!
Friendly service is just the beginning. The food is good, I have not been disappointed yet. Try the chicken chili.
Decent pizza (love the thickness of the crust), bit pricey, Chicken wings are great, and service its quick
Pluses\n1.Location is good\n2. Price is not bad considering location\nMinuses\n1. No place to sit\n2. Pizza is just MEDIOCRE
Had a very good meal here at a good price. Free refill of sodas and was served quickly.
surly bartenders and foamy guinness.\n\nwhat's not to like?
There on business and not good.  No wireless except suites,  they have a cable connection but only worked one day.  Front desk was not helpful at all.  If you just go to gamble ok, NOT BUSINESS
I've never had an issue with any department here at Toy R US! They do need to pay their employees more as you just know that is needed!
I knew this going in, but I went anyways ... 10 bucks for lunch 13 for dinner ... it is pretty much just Syco frozen foods that are heated with a sauce .... BUT it is all you can eat!  No thanks!
Went here for my birthday and it was ok.the food was ok and the service was ok. We had a huge group so the waiter kept messing up our orders. My husband and I might try it out again but we are not in a hurry.
They did such a great job. \nI came back today for the third time and I just like how nice they are, how thorough their cleaning is and how I can get my free coffee every time!
Nice sized store.  Sells maternity clothes.  Decent service.  Enjoy coming here!
First time I got my car serviced, everything was great.\nThe second time I believe an employee stole my phone.\nBEWARE
The food was good, not great. The portion size was a bit too small for the price. Ive had frozen Indian food that is comparable to what I had at Bombay. I mean, the experience was enjoyable (minus the cramped table) but I really don't think it's all that great.
Slower than dirt. Waitress are friendly and pretty but kitchen is a disaster. Food took 45 mind on Sunday lunch when only 10 other tables. Will give another shot but only 1 more. Every restaurant in this location has failed. Hope they aren't the 3rd.
These guys will get it done!!! pack it, ship it, shredd it, Personal service is redefined here no better placeto get it done...
Best Carnitas, burritos or chimis. Fresh salsa, I always order a big cup to go!! Awesome, authentic mexican street food!!
Great fish but stay away from the potato salad and slaw you'll be disappointed. The banana pudding needs to be removed from the menu. I will only order sole.
We visited one of our fav spots Friday got a spot @ the bar the best bar tender short blond hair very nice and help full I wish I got her name she is always ON Point never rude if we just want one drink or 30 lol Highly recommend this place.
These guys exceed my expectations, every time I drop in!  I have been a loyal customer for 10 years, and I have never had a bad experience.  This location and every other location that I have ever been to has been amazing.  Today these guys raised the bar again!  Thank you!! :)
So overpriced - and service did not come anywhere near the cost of the experience.  The wine steward was the best service we had and one of the food runners.  Would recommend - save your pennies and avoid this overpriced, lack of ambiance location.
Great coffee .. Very consistent unlike Starbucks... Their sandwiches are also out of this world ... I'm not a big fan of their cupcakes though ... My wife can make better cupcakes than theirs ... Nevertheless, their speciality is not the desserts .. It's the sandwiches and the premium coffee
Happy hour from 5-7pm.\nHalf off everything on this list which include special drinks and appetizers.\n\nPortions are small, so we spent alot of money and still get totally full.\n\nInside Planet Hollywood and next to the Peepshow area.
this is my favorite bar ever. cheap, quiet, good local live bands, a view of doofus' falling on an ice rink, and a nice patio with token alley cat. fav-o-rite.
Awesome Subs!!! Best in Montreal & you can top them however you want!!!! Good price $$$ nice people
How does a Irish pub not serve Murphy's
I'll definitely be back after I try the many other options in Vegas. Service was superb, food was unique and satisfying...just wish you got more of it..
My wife and I went here after reading all of the Yelp reviews. We were not that impressed. The dinning room was too bright and had a banquet hall feel. The prime rib was good but not awesome. I had a better prime rib and enjoyed the atmosphere more at the Palm in the Forum Shops.
This is a fusion sushi type place, so the sushi is a little to \"fancy\" for my taste. I should have stuck to the happy hour menu, but i wanted to try certain items off the AYCE menu. It's not bad, but it's not great either.
Two breakfast sandwiches and a grilled cheese, delivered within 20 minutes (granted, it was across the street, but still...) gives four stars!  Next, the namesake dogs...
been here a number of times and it's my favorite German food in Pgh!
The staff here was friendly but the food was sub par. There were a lot of weird twist to the breakfast plates that weren't explained on the menu when you order. Pancakes were probably the highlight on this menu after trying the spot out 4 different times.
Okay it's officially been 4 days since my blowout and I can confirm that Jaimie did indeed use M A G I C in my hair to create this blow. \n\nMy blowout looks the same, if not better than it did the first day! I am beyond thrilled !
I would give this place a 3.5 stars. Their pastrami sandwich was good and the bread was very fresh but price was a little steep compared to their burgers. Their hand-dipped shake was awesome, so much better than Steak & Shake. They even gave us the extras in another cup. Great service too!
Grade: C\n\nThe food is almost as good as the prices. Decent service.
This place is average at best.  The ambience is good for watching games and as a social Hang.  Their prices are too expensive for anything I ordered.  Below average food, under poured drinks.  When your a vegas local in hospitality you don't wan to feel like your getting ripped off for drinks and cheap food.
I love their Papusas if you are looking for a great place for them try the Salvadoreno Restaurant they are awesome!!!
Outstanding Italian Food.& Pizza! They have take-out or eat in. Haven't had anything that I didn't enjoy. Highly recommended.
maybe because we were there at 5am? no line, fast service, good food. but can you mess up a tuna on crossant? yummmmy fries... loveeeeeed their fries... yyummm.
Rude employees & horse meat w/ a side of cat & dog are not one of my favorite things to eat. In fact, I wouldn't eat any of those animals under any circumstance. Stay away from these fast food places. They'll make you fat!
Expensive Gringo Mexican food.  Saving grace is the setting.  Wonderful pond with ducks in the middle of the facility.  Go for the beauty of it, not for the \"Mexican\" food.  They seem to cater to the Cave Creek tourist \"semi cowboy\" trade.
It's something you should do upon your first visit to Las Vegas and not to be done again. For $14, I expect to get a free picture at least!
Five stars for their exceptionally good bubble tea. They have a great variety that you can choose from. We come here all the time for their bubble tea. \nInstead of having bubbles, try red beans instead!\nTheir food is so so, probably just three stars if solely base on food.\nBest bubble tea!
Good food.  Cheese dip is gross. Soft tacos rock.  Clean good drinks. Great music. High price !
Service was lousy. Food is fried and so unhealthy. I ordered a simple grilled cheese sandwich and our waitress didn't even know the difference between CHEDDAR or American cheese!!! Nobody makes a grilled cheese with oily cheddar cheese! Come on! It was disgusting.
This particular Nordstrom Rack is pretty organized. Most I've shopped in can be a mess. I went during the week so there wasn't really a crowd. Wish there was a bigger purse & accessory selection. Also, I'm not sure if it's just me but this store seems smaller than most NR's.
Fab... Can't believe we are getting just fantastic restaurants in Phoenix.......
I give the BP five stars. \nThe pizza is hot and great. Ive never been in the location myself but I found it on yelp and I asked the husband to go. And I was pleased with the outcome. I give it five stars.
To discover without fault, on foot, this futuristic building, designed by the same architect as the Guggenheim Museum from Bilbao. The place is magical
Great place to take out of towners for some fairly inexpensive BBQ.  Drinks are also cheap.  They have a lot of different BBQ sauces to try which are all decent.  This place is definitely worth a try but not one of my favorites.
It's a ok place to park your RV. For the weekend if you passing through on vacation and full hookups if to be in the middle of town this is the only place you will find.
Tastes good!
Park is a little runned down in a older part of Henderson.  Would definitely not let the kids out of my sight for a second here. Other then for softball practice not a place I would cime
Went in and the staff was excellent. Explained the flower arrangements and prices. Mother inlaw was so happy. Win..win..
This place has the best gourmet shrimp, bacon & avocado tacos!!! YUM
Good food.  Large soup is VERY large!!  Our first visit & we are not well acquainted with Vietnamese food but will return.
this place is great for happy hour i loved the chambord margarita and the tejas trio the margaritas are limited to 3 so be careful lol
beautiful airport- no wall plugs
Had the mega meat pizza... It was pretty good. Usually take my kids here as it has a play area.
I know someone who used to work here and fyi they have a huge cockroach problem. My friend that worked here once found a cockroach INSIDE the jar of m&ms and the owner told him to just take out the bug and leave the m&ms in. So disgusting.
This place is great. Great selection of boba tea and smoothies. Nice small air conditioned seating and covered outdoor seating. Price is good and service is great. Good location near target. Go try it out.
Decent sandwiches all around $7.  Good place for lunch.
I really like this place. It's the only place you can get 2 different rolls as one.  Their soft shell crab is wonderful. Service can be a little slow at times, however they are very friendly. Best thing about this place is its very affordable and tastes great.
Terrible food and what's worse is the service. Horrible service. Don't waste your time or money on this place!
Unique and awesome. The drinks are curated, not thrown onto the menu. Food is flavorful and tasted great. A real find, should be a cult favorite. Fusion menu. I intend to eat here every time I return to Phoenix.
Pretty sure I'm going to get murdered at this location. Have seen what I can only imagine as drug deals happen here, it's super dirty and shady people are always here.
Great place to get tortas in the city favorite spot since 2010 its favorite torta is the milanesa and the asada the horhata id the bees knees i highly recommend this spot
I like arriba. Huge margarittas and fresh hot chilies. Salsa comes to your table in mild, medium, hot and bean with unlimited chips and salsa refills. Food is good.
\"When music was music, and lyrics were lyrics\"
They need more spin classes in the morning!
We just moved to this community and tried it on our house hunting trip and again after moving here...Great price and very friendly staff! Food is excellent with lots of meat and perfect amount of veggies and sauce! It will be a regular for us
WOW so good! I don't think you could go wrong ordering anything here. SO DELISH! Husband ordered carne asada gordita I got a carne asada taco and a chicken tostada.
We like the soup but service is always a little slow. But the make your own soup choice is nice for picky eaters
Restaurant smells bad. Tempura udon is tasteless, octopus sushi taste like metal, hamachi sashimi is so so. Overall, menu was a little expensive for mediocre quality food. Service was nice.
They have great flavors and add-ons, but what makes this location the best is their CUSTOMER SERVICE! They hire people with great customer service skills and people like that make you feel good so I also add to the tip jar!
Have used Jack many times...has always been stellar work.
Juicy, crispy, and deep fried chicken tenders. What's not to like? Love them, and plus they give military discount! BONUS!
Service is very slow. It's 7:15 in the morning and they have one person on the cash register and one person making drinks for the drive thru and the inside. Need better service.
Wonderful locally owned boutique. Carries great brands you can't find everywhere and amazing staff. Very quaint store. I highly recommend checking out Shop Pepper.
Extremely comfortable chairs, huge ice cold blue moon on draft, reasonable prices.  One suggestion;\nAdd bathrooms inside every theater.  \nBeer makes daddy go potty.  At least twice per movie from the tall beers.
A bit slow.  Food ok, hash browns were a bit greasy, but was able to make the over medium eggs.  Hard to get coffee refill, once the waitress serves you, she is gone.
We waited in line for 2+ hrs for what ended up being very average food. The variety of food was also a let down. Overall, a huge disappointment. There are PLENTY of other buffet's that are way better than this one, such as the Wynn and Bellagio.
This is a great big park. It has a playground, ponds, grills, covered picnic areas, multiple grass feilds, dogs are welcome, have walking/running trail. As you just read this park is pimpin. It is also a great place to exercise, relax.or have a cook out.
That Viet coffee though.
no one wears gloves when preparing any food item.  Too noisy, and dirty, will not\ngo there again at all. You cannot talk to anyone.
The fried ochre and pickles were good, but the roast beef poboy wasn't our favorite. Also they were out of a few things, like catfish, but the shrimp poboy I got instead was decent. All in all it wasn't the worst experience, but it also could have been a lot better
Lovely little card shop, slightly on the pricey side but cards are wayyyy more classy than clinton cards crap. Has lots of little trinkets & gifts. This is always my 1st port of call if I need a card. Staff are friendly.
meh. the food looked a LOT better than it tasted. it's definitely better than aria's buffet, but for the price they're charging, it should be a helluva lot better.\n\nsave your money and go to the M buffet.
A good friend always raves about this place so I decided to meet her there for a dessert & chat this afternoon. The Coffee Coco Loco tSoynami was just OK. Cappuccino was average. Conversation with a good friend is what made this visit special. 2 Stars and nothing more. Cheers***
Great grilled specialties. Meals are simple and delicious with a wide variety of meats and fish to choose from. Doesn't get better in terms of casual portuguese cuisine.
Without counting the garlic sirloin all  the other cuts need more flavor.  There's a good variety of cold and hot sides at the salad bar. The restaurant is kind of tucked away in the shops level and doesn't really get crowded.
I got the ahi sliders and they had a lot of inedible sinew in the them...yuck.  The server was very friendly and attentive, but surprisingly unconcerned about the poor quality of my fish.  My dining partners had the tempeh and turkey burger and enjoyed their selections.
The food was expensive and not that good. I had the pasta beef dish
If you think Las Vegas is getting too white trash, don't go near here. This place is like a Steinbeck novel come to life. I kept expecting to see donkeys and chickens walking around.\n\nWooo-pig-soooeeee this place is awful!!!
I bought a travel zoo voucher for Cravings at the Mirage and so glad I did.  The quantity of choices are slim - compared to other buffets around town but the quality of food was very good.  The only thing I didn't really care for was the desserts.  I felt it could have been better.
I walked into the 'barber' shop and asked to get a lineup. All of the seats were open and some girl, I'm assuming the manager, said i don't do lineups. I pulled out a couple hundred dollars and said that's too bad and walked out. What a dump and even worse service.
Very inconsistent. Sometimes it's great sometimes my medium rare burger comes out raw.\n\nThey have really jacked up their prices and reduce the sizes of the burgers.\n\n2/3 combos for example the two thirds burger with three cheeses, is not on the menu anymore.
$1 el pastor tacos, $1chips and salsa, $2 beers. happy hour 2-6 mon-fri. Cannot beat that.
Update from last review.  Just found out today after having my car checked out at the dealer that Fletchers installed my head-gasket incorrectly, it is leaking oil from the engine seam.
Food is great!!
Of all the places in Madison to go out, to eat at, to do anything at, why would you go here? (Especially when there is a line. Seriously.)
This sushi bar is just so so. There isn't really anything that stands out about them other than their pricing. Their drinks and sushi rolls are definitely over priced compared to the other local sushi places in the area.
If this place were cheaper we'd visit all the time. Some of the displays are kind of boring, but there are some great rooms where you can walk right up and chill with the birds.  We missed the show because we didn't know it was being held outside and no one informed us when we bought our tickets :/
Low staffed today . Good food .
Tried joyride a few times. The horchata and fried fish taco are awesome! We will definitely be back soon! We would also recommend any of the happy hour cocktails, hard to go wrong with any of them.
Useless.  If they don't get you on a big sell...they great you like crap.  My mother was taken advantage of.  Sad.
We decided to try Cibo after it was recommended by a friend. The restaurant is an old home creating a quaint atmosphere. They have excellent wood fired pizza. For happy hour, try the Polpette and Palline (dessert)-delicious! Service was excellent as well.
The biggest scammers ever, BEWARE, every post on here relates to what they did to us. Furniture held hostage, dozens of up charges, lazy employees. Police had to be called to stop their threats, demanding more money, only cash.
This arena is fun! Outside area reminds me of downtown Disney with all the music, people and food. Inside is clean but they need to lower the AC a little bit during the hockey game. It was too cold even for my male family members.
Decent food. Not wordly good but it's ok. Kind of overpriced. The place has a lot of character and it's pretty unique.
Great little place hardly seen from the road but well worth trip to inspire the mind.
Best gel manicure I've ever had! They last a long time. The staff is super friendly and the price is very resonable for the quality.
Great staff, they make you feel so at home. Every medical facility should be this nice. Felt like a nice hotel. Someone has great taste in decorating. Thanks for making us feel at home.
The quality and taste of their homemade food is very good. Service is okay. Again, meat kabob and chops are out of this world. My Sirian friend gave their lamb 8 out of 10.
I love Balii Nails. I've been seeing Tina for about 4 years now. She is very consistent I always love my nails I never walk out the door feeling money has been wasted. I've see a few other nail techs over the years but hands down Tina the best.
Friday Night Fish Fry and the Clam Chowder are Fantastic!  Good Service, neat place.
Wonderful staff, fun, clean rooms, nice workout room. Terrific food at ZUZU. Very cool.
I would definitely recommend this service to anyone looking! After calling around and getting different estimates I called Pineapple Lawn Service. They came out the same day I called gave a quote half the price of some others and completed the job that right then. The whole process took less than 2 hours and they did an amazing job.
Tried this place based on the good Yelp reviews - and weren't dissappointed! Selection, quality, quantity and service all excellent! There on a Sun. a bit before the busiest time so no problem getting in! Would love to go again when we are visiting from Ottawa.
Friendly staff and they really know their coffee.  Great coffee in a fun environment!
This is an easy spot for lunch- very close to the office and good food. Good pub food! Good service!
Cheap booze and food plus zip lining, but is it worth the possibility of not getting out alive? I think not. Very sketchy. Don't forget to bring your bodyguard and leave all valuables at home yikes. Fried twinkies and 99 cent shrimp cocktails are definitely not worth the trip.
Everything here was amazing. The service was fantastic! I'm only sorry we didn't make it for Brunch because I'm told it's even better! Can't wait to return.
Totally chill is da werd. Extremely friendly and helpful behind the counter. Sociable friendly peeps.
Bad service bad food didn't have their two signature drinks on a NFL Sunday before the game. Not a good place to go before the game and can't be a good place to go after. The nachos were a mess and ravioli were still frozen in the middle.
Excellent food, friendly service & excellent pricing! Family owned & operated, this place is just fantastic!
Don't really enjoy seeing bugs on the lettuce.  Makes me second guess their sanitation in the back of the house.   The thought of it bugs me...  Possibility of returning...maybe not.
Weekends are busy and service can be a hit or miss.
Visiting vegas saw this suggested on yelp. Big portions, great flavors, friendly staff, and at good prices.
Great Spam Musubi.
With such incompetent, careless service that can get only be masked by alcohol, the ONLY thing this place is good for is for having drinks at the bar.
Good food for value.
Just found hair in the pizza. Eww! Never again from this location will I order food, blah!
Great \"mom and pop\" style Mexican burrito joint. The chimichanga was great! It's definitely a \"don't judge a book by its cover\" place.
Awesome location, acceptable beer selection, very good pub food. Clean and spacious inside, patio heaters make the outside seating area really comfortable. And it's about a block from one of the greatest city views in America! I'll definitely be back.
Materials are cheap and not sure about workmanship...spent $150 for new screen and battery and the phone was broken again in two weeks with a screen protector!  There's no way this is a quality repair as we have had phones repaired before and they last much longer.
Great food, I just wish it was a bit less expensive, keeping in mind the portions and location.  I'd come here more, if they had happy hour, or less expensive specials.  The food itself is 5 stars, I just can't justify regularly spending $10 or more on a burger.
I love this place.  Nice menu, both a la carte  and combination supper.  Very clean!\nSo nice to be able to have Chinese in the \" hood\"
I come to this location every time I'm in the Vegas area! Best DQ I've ever been to. The service is top notch! Levi helped us out and was pretty amazing. The food here is pretty good and especially good when recovering from a rough night.
I have visited ALW massage several times and each one has been a great experience. While many massage therapy places ask you what you are experiencing, ALW actually listens and the massage is catered to your individual needs. The location is clean and professional and the staff is always helpful and kind. This is one place I'd highly recommend :)
Food good but service slow  and aweful\nI ordered two desserts both sold out...
We always get meat here when it has yellow tags. Saving money. Also I drop off my proscriptions and pick up later. They will send you a text when ready.
The chicken wings are great. Everything else was ugh. I had the shrimp with broccoli which by the way was mostly broccoli and the rice tasted like pool water. Never again!!
Like any other management company, they wont please everyone. Ive been pretty dissapointed but Marcus did respond pretty immediately today.
Well, The pie is good. The coffee is good. The restroom was gross. But they did have lots of parking. My breakfast was 75% correct. As the Yelp 2 Star rating says: Meh. I've experienced better.
Excellent service with Kyle and Leah!  The food was amazing and loved the happy hour prices.  The tempura green beams were excellent as well and the pizza.  I live in NE Mesa, but would go back tomorrow if I did not have to work.\n\nMust try this place!
La Perla.... sigh... this lingerie is just so classy and glamorous (not to mention expensive)! If you like intricate laces buy La Perla. This lingerie line is just sooo pretty and will be with you for a long time. Invest ladies... be sexy!
Seafood Pan Roast!
Came here right when it opened with my family. The staff are very friendly and the restaurant seemed clean. I give this place two stars because of the minimal variety of food and also the taste of the food.
Location not far from the strip, but you will need a car to travel if you stay here.  Recently remodeled rooms and lobby area.  Solid hotel at a decent price.  Have stayed here twice already would definitely stay there again!
The majority of zupas's dishes are pretty delicious.  They offer free strawberries and bread with any order.  The staff is very friendly, but sometimes a little too, creepy with their politeness xD  I enjoy how promptly you get your food and how many seats they have available.  A great foodie place indeed!
Our first time here was not a a good experience, food was very salty had very little chicken in our chicken dishes and had to keep swatting away flies from our food. We will not be returning.
We happened by here and decided to stop in for a late lunch.  Best decision of the day.  Hands down the best Mexican food I have ever eaten in a nice atmosphere with great service.  Go and you will not be disappointed.
Great people+ great coffee+ great sandwiches+ sweet local art+ live music+ comfortable patio= the coffee shop I want to be at. \n\n*and one of the women behind the counter has sweet dreads
I really like this office. Friendly front desk and the dr. Is amazing. I love the ultra sound techs they are very informative and friendly. Sometimes there is a longer wait, but you can't plan when babies are born! :-)
Has to be one of my favorite places to eat.  I have never had a bad meal or experience, and I have been many many times. Prime rib has to be my fav.
This place is OK.  Shoes must be taken off before you come inside.  Staff was really, really friendly and that was nice.\n\n\nRooms are RIGHT by the kitchen which can be annoying/noisy.  Also gets FREEZING in here at night.
Great place, never crowded.\n\nLumber anyways seems to be damaged or cracked. Mane sure you inspect the lumber before you buy it.
I ordered the turkey avocado wrap and she brought me the wrong sandwich which had cashews in it and I am highly allergic to peanuts and when I let her know she offered me a new one of the right sandwich I had ordered but still charged me for it!!!! Stay away as they always screw up orders!
food good,but employees never listen to what you want, we always have our order wrong, and when you complain, manager is rude. We will not go back to this location.
Good to see them with the other food trucks.  Was able to get/steal a few bites of a cupcake from W.  It was very tasty.  Hope to see them again.
I reserve 3-star ratings for places that I thought were nice or good but never felt the need to return to. I came here with friends after a movie one night and had a tasty martini, and locally brewed root beer. A little expensive, mind you.
Really cool wine bar that is busy every night of the week.\n\nGet the cheese and meat platter to share.\n\nThe chicken is really good.\n\nThe wine selection is excellent and the owner is really nice.
We visited this Sunday afternoon. There were three other pairs there and one person on the internet. The lattes were good. There were still a few pastries, but very little bread available. We wanted a sourdough, but no luck.
Great salsa and chips to start followed be $15.00 tacos that look like a mini appetizer. ..taste good,  but place is filthy...blinds, air conditioning returns full of dirt.  Filthy knife place at edge of table and waiter ignored the entire meal...wonder what the kitchen looks like?
Really good and worth seeing.  It'll take about 2 hrs to go through if you read and mess with all the interactive stuff.  Didnt go through the area 51 exhibit.  Warning it's a bit of a downer but seriously think that everyone should go through it.
Solid gourmet brick oven pizzas, good craft brews on tap, friendly service, and a covered patio. What's not to like? Consistently good, and the Pizza & Salad lunch combos are a nice change of pace. Had the Meat Lovers pie this weekend, and it is pork-tastic.
Food was slow and lukewarm.  We had the steak frites and it was cooked poorly and cool to the touch.  Restaurant was way too loud.  Should advertise this as a bar scene.  Not fit for foodies.
The owner is sooo nice and friendly! He makes you feel welcomed! While the restaurant is small, the food is INCREDIBLE! When I close my eyes and take a bite of the pizza, I feel like I am in Italy! Even charging for the bread reminds me of Italy and for this place, I am OK with that,
If you're looking to sell your clothes here, download the vinted app and you will be much happier. This store will give you pennies for your clothes. Sellers beware.
Holy crap. This place is horrific!  How do you screw up a club sandwich? The service was good but the food was horrible! I will never come back here again!!!!!
Overrated .  Prices are to high.  The desserts are good but not worth the price.  Food is blah for what you pay.
Unbelievable brunch!  Best I've had in Charlotte.   The blend of buffet and a large carte makes it so user friendly for the entire family.\n\nAlso awesome dinners.   The way they do that duck gets me all ducked up!!!  That's a good thing!!
Not bad! Quick, easy and reasonably priced.
always consistent cold and/or lukewarm food, but excellent servers and staff.     Bad food Good people.  I always leave at least a $5.00 tip for 1 person
Excellent service, selection, and quality of food.  Highly recommend.
A M A Z I N G!!\n\nI ordered the spicy orange beef and I'm still in shock that what I was eating was completely vegan! I definitely recommend this restaurant! They offer a variety of plates and also have a separate menu for deserts! I WILL be back!
Good cheap eats for a quick meal getaway. Ordered a foot long sweet onion teriyaki chicken sub with all the works. Took a longer time than usual but was made right.
My hunny and I always make sure to eat here on get away day. Good buffet and nice clean restaurant. In five years we haven't missed a visit here yet on our annual Vegas trip :0)
What a fantastic dog park.  They have a lake, an agility course and a huge area for your dogs to run.  The only complaint is that I have to drive all the way down to Gilbert.
A great place to go for a quick bite to eat! They had a large selection of bagels and various coffee/tea drinks. I was in a bit of a rush so I got my order to go but I wish I would've stayed. The atmosphere is perfect for doing a bit of studying or reading.
Always enjoy this hotel when we stay here. Huge rooms and close to the strip. Just play a little and you get comped rooms next time you come. We got married in Vegas in August 2011 and our wedding party stayed here and had no complaints.
You have to try the velvet!!! Lux is so to die for, we actually had a meeting at my office that it is ok to go during work hours without counting it as a break as long as you bring some back for everyone. (no joke)
I've been here plenty of times and I have no complaints. It's the favorite Lola Rosa (between the two locations) - maybe because the staff is amazing. I would suggest Lola Rosa to anyone - vegetarian or not.
Absolutely the best in AZ. Owner is always available and the readily take care of customer. I have referred all my coworkers. No complaints from anyone.
If you crave Mediterranean food and happen to be in the area I recommend it. However I didn't like the venue. As for the food, the hummus had this strange peanut taste but the falafel was okay. Babaganoush was pretty good too.
This is one place you can say you get what you pay for.
Best Sports Bar in Montreal.
They never have Apprentice services available. Even when trying to book months ahead!
We went drive through and the cashier was extremely lazy. We asked for a medicine and she said \" we sell that upfront \"
Too busy even at 11, people hogging the tables from early morning.  Mostly getting their free refills and wifi.  Saw a guy there with almost a whole office setup at a booth.  I hope those breakfast muffin sales are worth it, I'm not going here anymore.
The service was great. The lobster was like rubber, wasn't prepared right. Wasn't pleased with any of the dishes we had received.
Went in the first time yesterday....Had a really nice time.  I did read some negative reviews but have the say people really nice and Kenny the bartender was great!\n\nI am sure that we will be back!
Cash only, usually only open for lunch, but definitely one of my favorites! It's crowded and  can be slow, but it's all worth it for the food!
My husband and I got the 24hr buffet. This buffet at flamingo sucks food was not tasty and it looked nasty..we ended up walking  out and head to another buffet at pH..don't recommend it at all
We have tried this place a couple times and I don't see what the big deal about it is.  The food wasn't very good. i've had better at some of the take out places. I wouldn't recommend it.
This place is amazing! Enchiladas with green sauce a must have! I never wait in line for anything but for this place, I was willing to wait 30 minutes on a busy Friday night! Definitely worth it!
The drive-thru at this location is not unlike the Apapa-Oshodi Expressway.\n\n*The Apapa-Oshodi Expressway, the gateway to Nigeria's two busiest seaports, Apapa and Tin Can Island, is home to the worst chronic gridlock in the world.
A good option for quick service at the airport.  As such it's your typical chain Mexican food.  The most distinguishing aspect was their chips and salsa.  Their mild was a very chunky Pico and their chips did seem light and freshly fried.
If you absolutely, positively, have to pay nine dollars for a gourmet whopper at two am in Vegas, this is the best, and, I suspect, only place guaranteed to satisfy a singularly bizarre craving.
This place doesn't even earn 1 star to me. I have eaten donuts at a lot of places and this has to be one of the worst. I even feel sick now that I ate the over cooked donuts. I think I will have to try to find a bathroom and shove my finger down my throat.
I decided to quit going here.  The bartenders are great and the food is good but I couldn't win anything after they got the new machines.  I gave it at least a dozen chances and couldn't get anything.  What good is it to gamble if you don't ever win?
Love this place service is great they make you feel very welcome like part of the family it's very clean food is top notch don't pass this one up
Found this place based on the Yelp reviews and was not disappointed. Had a fantastic lunch and I loved the decor. Will definitely come back when I'm in the Summerlin area.
It's Walgreens. It has medicine, shampoo, junk food, and makeup. If you are expecting more, shot at Target.
Military discount? Great food? New favorite place? Yes, YES and YES!!!!
I am a President's Club member, arrived to a dirty Mini-Van! Really?  The NeverLost in the car did not work (no sound). They didn't seem to care. Exactly :)???
Very good! Get the cajun turkey!
The Bellagio needs to work on customer service with its blackjack dealers.  60% of them were bitter and unfriendly and did not even greet you (that means no tips dealers!) 40% of them were great fun despite winning or losing.\nThe beauty of the resort is diminished by the attitude of its employees.
We liked the prices and choose to take our dog here. I didn't like that I was taking home a wet dog, his bottom was still dripping and because he was so scared I had to lift him into the car. As a result my shirt got wet too. However the staff was nice and friendly. Great prices on dog food as well.
Same as other reviews a bunch of registers and one cashier I been waiting at customer service trying to see what other store has more if the item I need I been waiting for over 30 minute cashier ignoring and avoiding eye contact no mas
I love this place!! Every time I go to Vegas I have to get stop here for lunch. They have the best hot pastrami sandwich! Highly recommended!!
Music selection is terrible! Servers and bartenders are nice. Always kind of slow so not a very good atmosphere.
Service was weak for the upscale image they try to pull off. The toppings weren't balanced on the pizza pie, although I'm a fan of the brick oven and fresh ingredients. I received dirty silverware. Room for overall improvement.
Don't like.  Cramped. The help is rude and loud. The waitress dressed like a tramp and the food was average.  Loud TVs.  Too many people.  Heard the waitresses personal life to other staff.  Won't go back. Like ever ever again.
I took the time to drive to this location, They took photos of my vehicle and promised a quote. After a number of calls to follow up they don't seem to have the time for customers. Not quote was ever given so i went elsewhere.
This is one of the worst restaurants I have been. Old, old, old....... Bad cheap food....and expensive. Not sure how they survive.
I have been seeing Dr. Novelly for over 10 years now and I love going to his office! The staff is always so nice! And when I say nice, I mean they are genuinely happy to be there! Dr. Novelly is always friendly and truly cares about my mouth being healthy!
Nice as it gets, but the rewards suck at harrahs properties.\n\nGood, fair service.
I have an idea... If you want fast instant pizza, go to little ceasars... If you want your pizza to taste good go to M squared... \"my pizza took long!?!?\" waaaaahhhhhh
A must try. A little high for a lunch special ($11 for curry goat). But they offer plenty of food and it taste amazing.
great place to watch the game if you dont mind second hand smoke and smelling like an ash tray
Great Atmosphere... and the service was great! The lady behind the bar was very friendly! We will definitely be back! I have a date with the oxtail risotto!
This theater can get a little crowded on weekends when bigger movies open up but otherwise it's never busy. I've been here during the weekdays when it is a ghost town but no matter when I've gone, I have received great service. I personally like the seats and the bathrooms here over other competitors.
A local favorite of mine\nThis is a great place to grab a drink after work, or to meet friends.  \nan interesting crowd... but good food, nice waiting staff and a pool tables!
Was just ok. The 36 burger was not all that. We waited for a while for our food. Wife's crispy chicken was pretty good. All in all just ok
Healthy convenient and AFFORDABLE! The best quick healthy lunch I'm the area!!! I'm hooked. Staff is so friendly make eye contact and always smiling! Thank you cafe zupa for helping is stay healthy and happy.
Nasty. Point blank, people were rude.  Just girls trying to make a living off a pole. Just trash.
Decent sushi. A bit over priced for the quality. I gave it 3 stars because of the great customer service. With all the restaurants there are to choose from, I probably won't be eating here again.
Thursday night. Cheap drinks. Ok music. Just go.
We had a fabulous lunch for four today at T. Cooks and I can't rave enough about the food and the excellent service.  The four of us tried lots of lunch dishes and then passed portions around to share. Yum to everything.  T. Cooks has always been our go to special event place and this experience was another triumph.
Relaxed and warm atmosphere. I didn't try the sandwiches but the patisserie was so delicious
This place has a cute theme but I don't know if the nerds would appreciate Star Trek and Star Wars mixed together. Lots of specialty drinks but they are a bit on the expensive side here. $6 for a very mediocre chicken sammich makes me sad. Coffee is ok but only oldies music is being played.
Ok so the atmosphere was good the service was good but the pollo fundido is probably the reason i will go back..That thing for 11 bucks...ya sign me up for 2.
Pizza was very good. Took a little long to get it but not overly so. My daughter had a calzone that she said was delicious. My wife visits the indian land location for breakfast and loves it.  Prices are reasonable.
Great service. Good sushi. All you can eat.  What's not to like? \nWent for lunch and had a wide assortment of FRESHMADE sushi and rolls.  No buffet here.  The waitress takes your order and then they make it up.  Will definitely be back.
Food is Good, Service Sucks, waitresses heads are in the Clouds. Waiting for food for extended periods of time. Like I said. SERVICE SUCKS! Waitress does not know Hospitality. She drop the plate and runs away.
This is the shit! looks like shit!!! oh yeah!!!
Food was great! I got the walnut mushroom risotto and my husband got the pasta trio but we both liked the risotto best. The service was wonderful and I loved the live band. We will definitely be going back!
I get take out from this place about once a week, since they're one of the few places deliver free to my place.\nThe hoagies are verryyy good and also the Pittsburgh style pizza is recommended. I guess the only thing I tried at didn't like was the specialty pizza.
I love this place!! I could eat here almost every day. Service is always great with little wait times and the staff is very friendly.
Good location.  Large and easy to navigate.  Our team had no issues with set up and services.  I like the centrally located food area.  The driveway leading up to it can get crowded, so I've had to hop out early and walk.  The cab line can be a little crazy-long at times.
We are breakfast at the airport location.  Great service and quality food.  We ordered The Five Spot and the Hog & Chick.  Bacon was excellent.  Just simple great quality food with a smile.
Avoid like the plague.
Went there last Sat. 6/23 and the food was the best I had in a long time.  We were greeted by Sean who totally remember my honey D.J. Farley when we walked in. Our waitress Jenny was amazing. Best experience I've ever had to date.
Moving process made unstressful. I had Jesse and Rene on my move. They were friendly, quick, thorough,  and most of all careful.  The owner Conrad is also very friendly.  I will use this company again and refer them to my friends.
After being open for a year I finally made it to Iruna. What I have been missing for a whole year!  It was sooo good. Great Happy Hour. Our bartender, Quinn was exceptional, very well informed. Every dish we had was delicious and beautifully presented. I can hardly wait to return for dinner.
Busy place with a genuine Italian spirit. Went there for a business meeting: they have a big room downstairs equipped with big TV screens you can connect a PC to and very efficient AC comfortable enough to fit 20 people.\n\nSubs and salads are fresh and lively, service is fast and it feels like Italy indeed.
Had dimsum here today, the usual siomai, hagao, spare ribs, chicken feet, sticky rice and veggie dimsum. All for $23.00 and we're very satisfied! Yum.
Double double, stupid line...  Pretty sure everything you could need to know has been stated.  Definitely one of the better fast food options, though with any fast food could really take it or leave it.
The wings were okay. The server was okay. The TVs were okay. The tea was okay. \n\nIt's okay.
Best pizza in Las Vegas! FAST room service! YUM X 10!
These burgers are good.\n\nThe bread they use on said burgers sucks.\n\nDark and not very clean.\n\nBacon blue burger though was worth the trip.  I don't see myself going back very often.
This place is great.  Order out from here once every month or so.  I've only ordered gyros with Greek salad and fries.  It's inexpensive for very good food.  The actual indoor ambiance is something between divey & casual.  Wish they served calamari.
Omg ! Such a fun and accommodating place ! We had to wait for a room we we felt appreciated and respected. They gave us popcorn while we waited and before we knew it the room was ready . Excellent service and drinks! Come here please
Three stars is very inaccurate. The service was bad. The food was worse. I would not eat here again no matter how hungry I was. The fruit was not fresh. They did not toast my cibatta bread. They did smile while giving us crappy food though. At least they were friendly
If there slow they won't switch out there food.. It will sit out until they run out and if there not busy they won't bother trying to refill it...
Papa Dells pizza pales in comparison to real deep dish pizza. The crust is very thick and not flavorful. The sausage and pepperoni toppings aren't anything special. I do enjoy the amount of cheese they put on their pizza. If you want the Chicago pizza experience don't waste your time here or money.
Kazansky's is now closed.
Seriously?! There isn't a well placed outlet anywhere in my room and no WiFi?! Are you kidding me?! The shower is awful and there's redneck crap all over the hotel. What a terrible hotel.\n\nEdit: I'll be adding more soon.
Food was ok. The service was good but I overall I was underwhelmed based on other reviews.  I'm not sure we will return for the price.
Awesome!  Be prepared to hurt the next day.
Expensive for a chain restaurant. The manager who took our reservation and our server both had great customer services skills. Food was okay, not great for the price we paid.
Visited the casino not the hotel. Fairly friendly staff, and a very slow valet, though not as slow as Paris.
What's good about this  place? Is it the bagged tortilla chips with chemical salsa, the Chi-Chi's feel, or the overpriced, bland food? I went here with low expectations and left wondering if I've ever felt worse about forty dollars being spent.
Not bad atmosphere for Cinco de Mayo. Not too busy, had room to sit outside (mid you, I was looking for a bar to hang out in, not to get Cinco de Drunko). Nothing special, but not bad either.
I must say I gave el burro another chance today ( my daughter talked me in to it ) and I was soo happy !  The food was its usual awesome and the place smelt and looked appetizing! Thank you El Burro for stepping up ! Raising my rating to 5 stars and I will be back :)
Great place.  Highly recommend. Friendly people.   Great food and excellent lay out. When you have a wife and son that can't do dairy this place is an excellent place to get dairy free and gluten free things.
Idk what was wrong today but all the pumps were out of order.
Jeff knows how to take care of his client and always gets me a great price for all my RV needs.  I wouldn't go anywhere else for propane or dumping either.
Long wait to check in. Creepy-ish location.
I honestly was disappointed with this place. I felt like the local mom and pop stores near my neighborhood had better burgers. The shakes were bomb, and that was the best part of the meal for me. The onion rings and fries were also just okay, but the sauces I thought were great,
Thank you Bobby  and all your wait staff for making our Westside UYE a  great time ..Sawyer and her little busy helpers  kept us happy .  The food was tasty , smoky and  down home yummy..\nGreat seeing some many Yelpers  just hanging out and enjoying some good food...
they got digital projector and sound now. its almost like going to harkins. badass!
Good food good value and I liked the guitar player outside the last time we were here.
A friend took me there last night to get cookies and I have to say they have some amazing cookies. I can't wait to try other stuff there  the pizza looks yummy as heck..
I've heard through the grapevine that they are now CLOSED, due to various violations, including but not limited to: underage drinking, illcit drug use, excessive nudity.\n.......\nI'm sure they'll be back
Lebowskis is a really nice pub with a great selection of vodka coctails. I especially loved their white russian. I've been there a couple of times when they had live music and i really enjoyed it.
Always a bit crowded but worth the wait.  I've only gone here for breakfast, but it's always been superb.  The Coffee is outstanding, and the apple oatmeal cookies are worth killing for, should you ever be put in that situation.
Terrible Food.  Worse Service.  If you want a biker bar, go to McKoy's, If you want BBQ go to Bill Spoons or Hillbilly's..
The locker rooms are filthy the equipment. Is falling Apart and the weights are dirty.    The front desk staff are not friendly.    Been going to other gyms and I will drive the extra mile for cleanliness and friendly staff
I think they did a good job esp with the volume of cars today, they could have wiped the console and cup holders but oh well..those poor guys working\nIn 103 deg
Great service.  Very customer centric.  Not like going to a dealership.  Totally trust these guys.  Highly recommend them.
Rude Owners and dirty unsanitary.. Would not return
This is one of my favorite places to eat fresh and healthy.  The service is usually great at this location.
Awful.  Pretzel dog was soggy and gross. Cream cheese frosting for cinnamon sugar sticks was weird.  Other stuff we tried was soggy as well. Probably would love if drunk.
It was just okay. Nothing too impressive. Standard Chinese buffet stuff for $9.99 for dinner. I was actually impressed with the beef pho. It had a good flavor. Just wish you could have added extra bean sprouts or other toppings.
Families are not welcome in this gallery - strollers are not permitted and they will not store them for you.\n\nNot worth the money, and if you read their website they don't even guarantee to be open during their publicized hours.  Don't even bother going here!
Love this place but in the last 6 months, service and quality of food is going down the drain. Here now and still no server (15 min )
Not sure what all the fuss is about. Weak coffee, dry biscuits, and flavorless gravy.   If you're not a regular you will wait longer than necessary for service. Food does come out ridiculously fast though.  I actually waited longer for service than my food once I placed my order.  Cash or check only
Boulder is an awesome chef. This place serves wonderful dishes that are flavorful, fresh, and not over-the-top-trying-to-impress-and-be-different. We had a lovely meal!
I have ordered from Napoli several times, and have been highly satisfied with food and service. Friendly stuff, and great food. Our favorites are calamari, pizza and wings..
Looking to get your money worth?  Or just want great tasting plates... Well I recommend this place hands down! I ordered pasta and a cannoli (must try) that knock me straight off my feet afterwards.
The staff was friendly; however, the food was not good - definitely not fresh. My friend and I had two different dishes. After we ate there, I felt heavy - my friend had food poisoning though.
My favorite bar. Great mix of people combined with the best thin crust pizza around (love the garden pizza) and topped off with a Crooked Tree on tap. I've never left disappointed!
its our first time here.. ask for Ricardo to be your server.. hes very attentive :) as for the food it was tasty! had their tamales, chile relyeno and tostada ... the salsa served with their chips were yummm too :)
Great ambience! I enjoyed the slow jazz music playing. This is probably one of the pricier sushi restaurants in KW but the quality is excellent and service is good. They have an extensive drink menu as well. I would recommend going for lunch since you can eat for $15-20 and be full. Great place for date night!
AWful. Worst food I have had in a long time. Every part of it was terrible. Two apps and two entrees, all really bad.
Went to the drive thru and waited for 20 mins!!! This is the worst panda I've ever been to!! Customer service is bad! I don't recommend on going to the drive thru unless you have extra 20 mins to spare! Not coming back here!!!!
Very diverse Asian menu!  If you have a hang over go for the Fo!
Overhyped. I was disappointed with everything--the fries, Pitts-Burger and buffalo wings. Why is this place so famous?
This hotel smells...ew I would never stay here.
Surprise! i loved this place. Great chips, good drinks, music, dancing, the works. The food was great. the staff superb. Wish I found it earlier.
Used to get straight up burritos. Know I am kinda on the burrito bowl path. With a little bag of chips and a cold drink you can't go wrong. Makes the dining experience especially for lunch a little pricey but hey. Its fresh Mex.
Nice little place; I had the BBC, which is their roast beef, bacon and cheddar sandwich on rye.  The problem I have with this place is that to me , it's not British enough.  The food is good, however, I'll stick closer home with The Olde Ship.
I could see through the coffee. They should really not serve it in glass mugs.  \n\nBloody Mary was good, not outstanding. Breakfast was good (I had the Monte Carlo), but not outstanding. For a place that bills itself as healthy and fresh, I expected more inventive options.
Great food  fresh ingredients what more needs to be said  had the philly cheese .she had the chicken sandwich both were really good definitely give them a try
Love the pad thai. Love that it's walking distance from work. Little pricey but too good.
http://www.oatmealforabuck.com/em.html\n\nOatmeal for a buck. With fruit and some sorta heavenly crumbles.\n\nA BUCK. Warm, Tasty, Cheap & Healthy.
OK, so this place is not favorable. I do not want to incite any horror sensations. But this place brought unwanted objects in my food and a terrible case of stomach problems for a few days. Skip this place if you'er craving Thai, go elsewhere.
Bad food and even worse service. Do not waste your time or money. I ordered the Cuban sandwich and it tasted like it just came from the microwave.
A basic move house. The seats are uncomfortable for sitting as long as a movie. The movie did not start on time. The prices for concessions are comparable to any in town.  But for comfort and having a nice time might as well try somewhere else.
Went for buffet - long lines, food very greasy, not good.  Frequently ran out of food.\nNo more visits here.
Well this place is about what you expect when you are wasted or hungover it has the perfect grill American food you need fries chicken fingers patty melts. As long as they get your order right the first time then it's all good.
There pizza was just okay. They took a really long time when me and my husband went in for just two slices. First impressions can be lasting and mines wasn't good I probably wont go back.
Went for a late night snack. The food was edible. The guy who worked there was nice.
This club is a nice looking club, newly opened, empty, terribly promoted.
Best carne asada burritos this side of town. The ladies are nice. The place is not the fanciest but it's always clean. The prices are fair.
This place was dirty. Service was lousy. Food was alright. I've had better KBB. The only reason I'm giving a 3-star is because I don't speak Korean (which you honestly need to, to communicate with the employees), so I can't fairly judge the customer service.
Super good! Had the mediterranean burger and had them add kalamata olives! Rock on!
HORRIBLE experience! Everyone working there is about 17 and doesn't have a clue what the hell they are doing. To top it off they lost most of our pics! Do NOT have your pictures taken here!!!!!
Went here for dinner for a girlfriend's birthday with a huge group of us one night and it was so yummy!\n\nWe had chips with fresh guacamole, skirt steak tacos, and churros for dessert!\n\nSimple but delish!
Greasy food.  I guess what you would expect from a grilled cheese joint.  Was a little pricey for grilled cheese, especially when the cashier helped himself to a big tip on my credit card after we left (I will be disputing that).
Solid place, I had a nice lady named Jennifer. She took the time to get it exactly right and was careful about getting it too short. They also did a good job shampooing my hair well. Watch for the location to change to a building next door in Aug 2011.
Best pho in town
\"It's like eating in my own home, except that I get to charge you,\" said one of the operators.\n \nEnough said. Stop reading and savor the delicious life. (Apparently everyone in the Civic Center already knows about it.)
Love this place. Good food. Good specials. Touch tunes music and the games. Not always very busy which is perfect for me because I like local neighborhood watering holes. Plus I can walk home! If you live in the area this is definitely a place to check out.
Weird little establishment put together with a weird crowd.  Maybe it was just this Friday night but everything about it was pretty obnoxious down to the server, clientele, and DJ blasting music. It seemed like the employees were doing the bare minimum and didn't really wanna help anyone.
Good food and service. Nothing fancy - run of the mill breakfast joint. Prefer more character, but would eat there again if pressed for time.
Really bad service, waited an hour for my food, water barely got refilled. I don't know why we had bad service while the restaurant is half empty. All entrees didn't get to the table at once and one order was messed up.
Great veggie food\nTried the veggie fish  and chicken sandwich \nBoth were good\n\nMango slush was not that great. But definitely worth the penny
Ordered food at 6:45. Got food at 8:05, cold....
$2.00 for a side of sour cream, on a cold burrito. Kept pushing alcohol even though we said we didn't drink. Too bad this place has beautiful interior decorations.
Have seen this restaurant many times but never stopped by. Very good crawfish etouffee cooked right in front of you. All of the seafood is very fresh and made to order. I had the lunch Crawfish etouffee with shrimp and crab added. Yum! Will be coming back.
I got an email from the owner, apologizing for the service experienced, which these days is unheard of. I've been back since and the service had definitely improved, I don't go as much these days mainly because I'm in Summerlin. I did notice they had a pretty good looking happy hour.
Good to stop in for a snack...don't go out of your way.  $5 bar snacks are good, guacamole is good and nachos.  Stay away from frozen margaritas pre-made from machine.
Was a little disappointed in my night at shucks... Went for crawfish since it's in season and was served frozen crawfish that was so over cooked it was rubbery and had no flavor... Barely any customer service with our server didn't even ask if everything was okay.....
Food is oily and covered with seasoning. Toast is burnt. What's non dairy creamer? However the service from Samantha is completely awesome and makes up for everything. Samantha gave me some real milk to go with my coffee.
Bartender's are great very freindly small plates good but make sure you try their in house home made cellos
Since my son loved it - then it deserves a good rating!  It is what it is - average food but plenty of entertainment for the little ones.
This place feels a lot more like bar/clubs on the west coast. The music, and decor takes me back. I enjoyed myself but I wouldn't say there's anything about Phoenix thats unique in a larger sense. I still had fun though.
Very spacious & relaxing atmosphere; plenty of comfortable seating; many large wall-mounted flatscreen TVs; decent cigar selection and refreshments available. Very welcoming & friendly service! Will be on my list of things to do when I come back!
The staff here is awesome!  Great bar just off of state street that always has great prices on food and drinks.  If you want some good food without spending too much from a great staff this place is for sure worth a try.
TERRIBLE massage, super sketchy place.. These women have no idea what a massage is.
The girls that work there are so nice and helped me find food for my sick cat and neighbors.
Our favorite is Taro Milk Tea with no boba...don't like to chew my drink... get a stamped card... every 13th drink is free!
Nice little regional airport. One of the things that is sweet about this place is that the rental car desks are right next to the baggage claims!
3.5/5 - Pastitsio:  A delightful dish full of flavor and smooth bechamel sauce\n2.0/5 - Gyro: very small portions, lacking in flavor\n3.5/5 - Lamb Dinner: delicoius, but small
We got food poisoning here......
Ate a burger last night, and got sick with headache, diarrahea, and the chills.  will not go back.
Great place! Clean, adorable, friendly service. And of course great food! Definitely a good start to the day.
Kind of overpriced. Made my ugly suit coat slightly less ugly (my fault), but I will likely not be back.
We had a great time here. Liked the flight of 5 wines for $10.  Not the top wines around but what do you expect for the very reasonable prices.  Definitely thought the staff was extremely attentive and made it fun for us to hang out a few hours.
Epic fail! horrible food. The beer was the only thing worth while.
The staff is extremely rude. They have absolutely no knowledge of customer service. Placed an order and the person who answered the phone said 15min for delivery. After over an hour, I called to check on the status and the they said we dont deliver and hug up on me. They've definitely lost myself and my friends as customers.
Some of the best food in the valley.  It is all fresh and yummy.  I have yet to have a bad meal at this place.
Great food and atmosphere. They have great vegetarian options and the food is very fresh and clean tasting.
Fast service and always nice staff good food and they love us veterans!
LOVE LOVE LOVE Good Fella's Grill!!!  We eat there at LEAST once a week if not more.  The owners are great and they promised to NEVER lower the quality of food!
Absolutely horrible. I just tossed my entire order in the trash. They cut my sashimi into CUBES?!?! Unreal.
Gotta live $0.49 medium slurpee!!!!!
Two out of the last three times the quality was very poor....burro with very little meat and enchiladas with very little cheese...and they skimped on the beans and rice too......called to complain to management and received comps for next visit but really disappointed in recent visits.
The food is typically good at NYPD.\nHowever, this trip has been a wait fest.\nMy wife and I have waited an hour or so for something that takes 20 minutes. At this point we are being held hostage. Please send help!!!!!
$3.00 fresh baked Italian loaf, need I say more.  The Italian bread is so yummy and makes great bruschetta.  They bake their bread fresh daily and do not include any preservative so eat it quick!
The food and atmosphere was perfect. The hookah blends were smooth and flavorful, especially the French Toast and Lemon drop mix. The kabobs were great, especially the ground beef.. A must stop every visit to Vegas.
Horrible service, never once did the waitress came to the table. I almost walked out. Kept on calling for a waiter/waitress and most of the were talking in the kitchen and not attending customers. I will not return to this Dennys.
Had to check it out as we walked by.  The New York, New York was definitely an interesting hotel.
fourth time trying cinos. everytime i go in there theres somthing new! this time was the garlic ketchup and ghost pepper ketchup. BIG FAN! they have milkshakes also i will try them next time.
One if the hot spots downtown! There happy hour is pretty decent there burgers are amazing! I love the tangier burger which consists of hummus, sun dried tomatoes and feta cheese!!! Heaven!!
The Management Group at this location need to make a better effort to control the number of people jumping theaters.  My experience at this theater was one of the worst that I have ever had.  I will never go back to that theater again.  I felt that it was nothing but a complete money grab.
If you don't mind waiting a 1/2 hour for a mediocre teriyaki chicken plate then this is the place for You! This would have got 1 star but I gave it 2 because the waiter was nice.
Frozen hot chocolate for $11. This better ignite fireworks on my palate and send me off in a frozen frothy chocolaty drink frenzy. Alas all this did was burn a hole in my seething pocket. \n\nOverrated. Overpriced. Over it.
We wanted to stick close to The Wynn so we chose Mizumi for dinner.  Very elegant restaurant with a cool atmosphere.  The food was OK - nothing to write home about.  Wouldn't say avoid it but wouldn't say it's a must-try either.
The hotel rooms weren't the best but Kenny at the bar was awesome. Super funny and nice and really knew his drinks and cared about his customers!!
The hummus and sangria are good... not really impressed by much else.
Finally came in here once recently. It's pretty ok. Nothing to write home about, but decent food not too overpriced.
I am writing this update because I learned something new and incredible: Amsterdams has a dance area.\n\nI have been coming here for about 4 years off and on, and I have always sat at the bar completely unaware that there is an awesome dance club/area attached! Hell yeah!
After reading such great reviews, we stopped at Secreto for dinner last night. There was a \"possession\" notice on the door and it was locked. Hopefully they reopen soon. It makes me sad to see local businesses close.
I've eaten here twice now.  Both times food was very good but service lacked a little.  Very young staff and not knowledgable of the menu or timing.  It's a good place to go if you are with people who aren't huge sushi fans.
well, I thought it was great food but they are now OFFICIALLY CLOSED!  Where will my new favorite place be to go for a quick bite???  Well, so Long Cruisers, Rest in Peace.
Hole in the wall but somewhere  to fall asleep. It's down the street from the strip so as you can imagine the freak show you get to watch. It's in a very busy place.
Very excellent customer service from ANA staff are very friendly and polite . Pizza was good but the next day had an upset stomach.
I went to the free zone with my girlfriend for a drag show. The drag show was not bad, but the bartenders gave me nasty looks. I would have stayed if I felt welcome but I did not. It was sad because i was hoping for a good time.
Good... Slightly better than your average burger joint but lacked a bit of seasoning and only avg quality ingredients. Staff was nice and it's homey and casual. Will try breakfast some day. I didn't care much for the pies.
The absolute best Thai food I've ever had. The panang curry and pad Thai are on point. The prices are very fair for the portions you receive especially if you catch the lunch specials. Always a great experience here.
I haven't tasted other buffet in Vegas. As far as I known, this one is really good! Gonna have it again with my friends next time I come to Vegas.
Fun environment. Pleasant service. Food is great. Some of the bruschetta combinations stretch toward being pretentious.  Overall a great find for the weary traveler.
Lots of diff choices and pretty legit.\n\nGo to dimsum while in town .. Must gets include: turnip cake , calamari, roast duck, shu Mai and fried steam pork bun.\n\nAlways a good idea to be early to avoid the lines ..
A total hole in the wall, but so good!  Tons of different salsas to choose from.
Horrible buffet.  Selection is poorly managed .  Too many items.  Not enough quality. To make matters worse they discontinued honoring player cards for any discounts.  The Bellagio and wynn buffets are the same price but 10 times better !!!
Chaysu with egg and corn!\n\nThat pork meat is so tender and fatty! Yes fatty! But it's delicious! Get your ramen, slurp it up, get out. \n\nSuper small restaurant.
the food is fantastic but the customer service leaves alot to be desired. tonight I witness 3 orders in a row including myself turn back around to get the order corrected. Not because we got each-others orders,but because the orders where just wrong.
I had the Siam seafood special and it is spectacular.
- Nice large room and bathroom with            excellent view of the strip\n- Good ventilation in the casino area\n- Hardly any kids\n- Not the ideal location but it's a classy hotel
The drink selection here is great with an amazing Irish whiskey catalogue. The food, however is sub standard. The nachos were cold when I got them, and I doubt piping hot nachos would've tasted a lot better. Fish and chips were decent and the bartenders had little to no personality.
For a chain restaurant this place gets my above average vote! I always get the shrimp scampi and I usually get a salad. I've even had the salmon and I'm always pleasantly surprised that's its good and that I still feel the food is worth it. The service has never been poor.
It was allright.. Loud and we got a table in the middle of the floor and got almost run over by people multiple times. My partners food was nice, and mine terrible. Seafood pasta minus food. Nasty. Starters was poor. Disappointment!
Had a good time!
Oh boy! When the hostess is rude as soon as I walk in the door I just turn right around. Only went because Arts BBQ was closed. NEVER AGAIN!
I wanted to like it so much, but disappointed! Just not tasty. Three of us shared the cheesecake and the chocolate peanut one (I forget the cute name), and at $6 a pop it better be the best dessert of all time- not even close!
I didn't see what the hype was about with this place.  Food was ok.  Service wasn't the best.  The waiter was upset we asked for separate checks... Not very friendly and he could not add everything properly.  This place is ok but not the best.
Horrible Airport Like It Smell Like Throw Up Not Nice pple are Rude Not Clean Restrooms Just a Sad Place Never Flying there Again
Can you stop looking at me like I conquered your nation and burned its villages?
Not as good as what I expected but the ice tea and ice cream were good
Just another casino Mexican place with the same old food.  Not even good enough for a doggie bag.
Thie is our favorite place to dine in Anthem. The menu has plenty oaf variety, from. Lighter more casual fare to full special dinners. The wine list is really good and not too overpriced. It's our go to restaurant for a nice meal out.
the worst asian food anywhere The sign jokingly says gourmet  Its a joke and waste of $ to eat there
Good choice at the MGM. Happy hour was a better deal than expected. $5 beers and daily well special. Food was good and service was decent.
I love this place. I like the dim lights while I eat it's very relaxing. The bread is great! I like the variety. My favorite meal I like to get there is the Thai chicken pasta! Oh my gosh to die for. And any of their cheesecakes are worth getting! :)
Food was good and the service was excellent. Where else can you eat with sharks swimming by? The pulled pork was great, was a little disappointed they did not have burnt ends that day.
I liked that they offer a variety of vegetarian meals , their food was fresh , i usually like the falafel to come as a small round pieces instead of a big one, other than that i think this place is a good choice to get middle eastern food in oakland !
Slow service but overall quality of sushi was decent. I would have had a better experience if the five other waiters on the other side of the restaurant helped the one person serving our party of 11. Service needs some work
We had breakfast here each morning even though we were with a convention that provided \"free\" breakfast.\n\nThe eggs benedict are to die for.  So, so good.  I dream about them.  Great service too.
Great place to having a girls night out in Vegas! The only way to start/end your night is karaoke with friends/family! Great service...great location...cool staff!
Incredibly tasty Chinese noodles and pancakes, ridiculously small portions!!
This is one of my favorite outdoor malls! It's always clean and nice, the stores are awesome, love Charming Charlies! I do think it's a little mean that they put the Grimaldi's Pizzeria next to the Lane Bryant but hey if it helps them both stay in business I'm all for it!
Since when did AMC take over it?! What happened to Rave?! This used to be my absolute favorite theater but now not so much. :(
I ate it but it wasn't the best. Tried an eel roll as well and was slightly disappointed.
Average location in every way. Clean. Busy corner location with not the easiest access into and out of. Otherwise it will do.
Always good, will keep going back time after time after time!
Pizza was good, wait was A-W-F-U-L!
Not sure how much longer they will be doing these Route 66 sandwiches, but if you go here anytime soon I highly recommend the Sedona Chick. So yummy!
Well if you like corn tortillas you're fine.  The menu is expensive for what you get, and bland.  Zero flavor in the chicken fajitas.  On a positive note, the service was great... To bad the food wasn't.
They deserve a half a star for service...took 30 minutes for my burger after I reminded her twice...not happy. She gave me no napkins. It wasn't worth the wait. I'm from Chicago but I will be sure to let people I know in Henderson, NOT to visit!
I have came here serval times and every time is a great experience. The staff is amazing and ever since coming here my face has improved a lot.
Great cyclone class today. Its like spin + hip-hop with amazing music and inspiration.  Love being pushed to the limit and I feel the burn for days!
Good stuff.  I think this place is better than Bellagio's.  Well, okay maybe not better, but very comparable.  They have lots of fresh crab legs and lots of other good choices.  Great service and delicious food!
Excellent quality sushi and sashimi.  I was a little disappointed in the mix of the specialty rolls which weren't really to my liking, but the sunomono salad, eel and hand roll i ordered was perfect.\n\nI sat at the bar, which seemed a bit undermanned with only 2 bartenders.
The waiter knew that this was our first time with Vietnamese food but still recommended the number one with tripe and tendon. My guest was very unhappy. We went to lunch elsewhere after she tasted it
I was rather disappointed with the food. Very expensive, and not that tasty. I was with a party of 6 and that was the general consensus. If you want steak there are plenty of other options in town.
Excellent!!! Food was awesome, the atmosphere was great. Service was busy but still kept me happy :) Free chips and salsa but we then bought a different kind, the habanero (YUM!!!!) and HOT! Will be back very soon!!!! Plus, awesome happy hour.
They didn't help me with anything and I went on 4 different occasions and still have the problem thanks for nothing
Probably the first time I've had a chicken basket that the chicken was not horribly deep fried.   The breading was flaky and perfectly balanced with the moisture of the chicken.\nNeedless to say- forget the other big name places- best chicken basket I've ever had.
We stopped over while in Henderson visiting friends. Tasty flavors, friendly staff. Would come again if we were in the area and time was not a factor. \n\nThree frozen stars!
My wife loves the cupcake cafe. I know when I am in trouble to get her a cupcake and it will make her happy. \nThe delivery option is great if you are having a party or event. \nI also enjoy the cupcakes.  My favorite is the coconut flavor. I
Went during Happy Hour again. Service was great... food was nice and hot. The server even changed the channel on the big screen TV so I could watch College Football instead of the NFL game.. I love it here!
The loaded cheese fries and onion rings are to die for. As the waiter gave refills of \"iced tea\" to my friend there was no \"ice\" Food was really good. Drink refills slow. Only second visit. Our first visit was better we will try it again.
I went to pick-up some dinner last night from yosh and found a note on the dorr from the lessor stating they elected to take control of their space. So, NO more yosh in AZ : (
Why is it so difficult to find a decent salad bar here in PHX? This place doesn't cut it- Its overpriced, and the food besides the salad is mediocre at best. Besides that, the salad items are very generic, nothing stands out as being original, unique or different. Skip it.
Excellent food.  Baked goat cheese was great, could have used more bread though.  Also had the chicken skewer and mussels.  The mussels were a unique prep and one of the best I'be ever had!
A 15 minute wait to drive through window pretty much invalidates your status as \"fast food\" I could have been served at a sit down restaurant and be done eating by now.
Was ok & super pricey.  Ambiance is nice but service was super slow.   Seemed pricier than places in Scottsdale and not quite as fresh tasting
I've probably eaten here 20 times.  10 times w/ my wife too.  Always good food and eaten a bunch of different things.  Good deal and good service too.  Food will surprise you
Good poke\nTasted like the ones on the island\nLiked ahi shoyu and limu\nSalmon poke good too\nWasn't crazy about tako though\nDefinitely worth the trip
A beautiful, sprawling resort with lush landscaping and stately architecture. So luxurious, you'll forget that you're in the desert. Make time for afternoon tea during your stay. Definitely one of the most decadent tea services ever.
Service is definitely slow. 35 minutes in and all we've had are apps. So far the apps are nothing special.
Welcome to Verizon. Have a seat.\n\nCustmer service waits are extremely long even at off times,  \n\nThe two stars are earned SOLELY by the staff who, while overworked and likely underpaid were quite attentive and polite.
Prices are very reasonable and wine temps appropriate. I love the use of iPads as wine menus! Nice cheese selection, too. A little small inside if you're not interested on sitting on the patio.
We gave this place a try for breakfast and dinner, and were disappointed both times. The breakfast experience was terrible- extremely slow service, ran out of coffee, food came out wrong, took 10 minutes to get hot sauce while over cooked eggs got cold. Food was way over priced, especially for dinner.
Affordable, good deserts!
This is a nice little grocer.  I wish their cash register would work better so that you don't have to wait 10 minutes to ring up.  But otherwise its nice.
Every sandwich I've ever had there was delicious. The people are nice and the service is fast.  Cheap too.
The food here is amazing! Love how they use good ingredients and make their bread the old traditional way. Plus it's a private small business who I much rather support than some big corp.
The bartenders didn't know how to make almost half of the drinks we ordered.  I had heard there were dancers before I went but I guess all of that is gone now.  Skip it.
Amazing amazing AMAZING. Had an issue with my drink and the manager Austin went out of his way to make up for it. Dutch bros is always friendly and puts the customer first and today they definitely took care of me. So thankful for all the great people dutch bros hires especially at this surprise location.
Super yummy pizza and very nice staff. I am very particular about crust and it is very tasty here. Love being able to choose from a ton of toppers, both common and unique. Very good place!
ONLY good thing about this place is the salsa.... Entrees are nasty.
Always enjoy eating here.
I've always loved this place. Haven't been in a while but will check it out again at the end of December.
No matter if it's a good or bad experience my husband and I alway find ourselves talking about what a good manager this location has. He is always open to help his employees. Not sure of his name but he is tall and slim. Kudos Sr. We the regulars to this location notice everything!
Got the spicy pork bulgogi plate and was more onions than meat. Flavors weren't horrible, but could've been better.
best breakfast in town.everything is always fresh,my favorite are the new berry cakes.they are so good and full of flavor.i love they use local vendors and do lots of great charity events . definitely the kind of place i like to eat at, plus the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.
The place was a comfy little restaurant.  The service was great and the staff seemed to be very welcoming.  The food was overall okay.  I can't say that the food was the best, but if you're craving some Vietnamese food it's a place you could check out.
Trop d'attente, trop de pubs (\u00e7a fait vomir) et    Un parking qui coute 20 dollars. Bref, \u00e7a ne vaut absolument pas la peine..
I've been in about four times and I don't know why I bother coming back . The food Is okay but pretty slow coming out of the kitchen. The staff has an attitude And are not very responsive to their customers at all. I wouldn't go again and I don't recommend it
Great friendly service every time we come here. Awesome pizza and \"munchies\" that have been delicious every time. Just blows my mind why this place never makes me wait for a table =) but then again I often go on Wednesdays.
Beautiful, clean and has friendly staff. What more can a girl ask for?\n\nAlso, has shuttles to and from certain hot spots in downtown Madison. You don't have to worry about parking!
This is a great facility. The staff is knowledgeable and all the teachers are great. It does get very crowded here so come early to get mirror space!
This is an OK place for Friday Night Fish Fry.  My daughter likes the Hush Puppies and Spudsters.  There is no choice of fish - you get deep-fried cod or nothing. The price is reasonable and the waitstaff is friendly.
Hugely underwhelmed.  There is no real theme and the clowns are not funny at all.  You will notice that most of the audience are not laughing when the clowns are up.
Courtney did a great job. Very clean establishment. Easy to get an appointment without the long wait.
Smh city out here.   They literally cheapened the whole menu at carnegie... this is not the pastrami sandwich I remember.  Its dry now.
The food here is fast cheap and good! I had the gyro sandwich and also sampled my friends falafel and sambousek. Including my friends sandwich and two drinks, our bill was about $15. Great deal and delicious, loved the cucumber sauce and pickle flavors in the sandwich.
Some of the worst customer service of any public company.  I get this rag for the ads.  One of the poorest examples of a newspaper in the US.  But very typical of the Gannett organization.
Place is not bad at all, very nice environment. Service was great and the food was decent. The grilled chicken was awesome!! Wife loved her Pizza. We will come back again!!
We have been to many buffets in Vegas and this is one of the worst! The crab legs are a joke! The rest of the food is barely edible. The best thing was the salad which does not say much! Go to Caesars Buffett. Much better!
Best yellow curry I have tried!
This is my local casino.  It is very nice both on the outside and inside.  It is somewhat small compared to some local casinos.  Great movie theater and okay restaurants.  My biggest issue is no poker room.  I spent many days off playing and have trouble understanding why it was closed down.
Had lunch during the Badger game today.  Service was VERY slow.  Food was skimpy portion and mediocre tasting.  Waunakee deserves better.
Not bad. Not awesome. They had a great drink selection and some cool cocktails. Food was decent, the bacon wrapped wings were okay but really didn't need the bacon since they were swimming in bbq sauce anyway. I enjoyed the signature burger, however. Nice ambiance.
prefer Walgreens for shopping on the strip, rather than CVS.
good service, cheap good pizza      PRO TIP,  check in on foursquare and get discount
Had to pay a $5 cover to sit on the patio and endure one of their salads, which consisted of lettuce, chicken, croutons, and nothing else. Maybe a good environment for football, but not much else.
always good - the perfect junk food fix that really tastes good...my guilty pleasure\n\nthe team here is consistently efficient & friendly
You can get some serious soul food in Vegas.\nThe girls that work here are really funny and nice.\nOx tail and fried chicken.\nKool-Aid.\nTwo thumbs up.
Manager is pretty GREAT! And Eva bartender pretty great too! First time stop because I was thirsty for margarita . They served well! Enjoyed time there!!!! I will be back for Molcajette !!!!!!
This was a couple months ago but all I have to say is one of the employee's was so rude that I didn't even get a yogurt and walked out.
Having people that don't speak English very well taking orders in the drive thru is a recipe for failure.  I always try to double check but feel rushed because of the amount of people behind me. My order is right 50% of the time.
Just very average pho, with crappy service during lunchtime, mainly because there are lots of people during that time.\n\nI would probably hire more waiters if I were the owner...
Horrible Horrible Horrible!!! They over charged my credit card and refused to give me my money back, since i initialed the agreement. I declined the extra insurance coverage and the gas fee. Never again will I use this company you really DONOT save any money. Please save yourself the headache.
I heard good things about this place. We picked it up for dinner one night. I had meat raviolis. Tasted just like Chef Boy r D from a can. Yuck.
Yum ice cream
A bunch of hippie organic shit. I would recommend 0 people to go shop here. Please avoid
Horrible service! Food was horrible! Worst Mexican food ever. Plus they over charged us! Minus a star!!!
Eh.  It's fast food.  Not sure what the hype is all about.
Location was poor\n\nDecor was decent and upscale\n\nLobster Mac and Cheese was good\n\nBread was ok\n\nService was poor\n\nTomahawk steak was poor
Probably the best coffee I have ever had. I've only had the caramel lattee iced and hot, and they make their caramel fresh in house! Say what?!? It's simply amazing.  The location in the market is great too...probably to great I'm their to often.
$12 for a calzone that tasted like a giant hotpocket. Only came here cuz it was late and we had no other choice. Unless you have kids and they're clamoring for pizza, do find some alternative means of nourishment
We were very disappointed with the accommodations for dog park- it was bare ground that smelled very strongly of urine- my dogs were not happy to go in it and my male dog got sick afterward with diarrhea and vomiting for 2 days .  The security staff were very friendly but the staff at the checking were not helpful at all-
When did Todd English become the Tommy Hilfiger of food?
Best chicken in town love this place I eat here about twice a week definitely recommend it to all my friends =)
The food was so bland. I ordered the cashew tofu and the tofu was cold and the food was so flavorless. Normally cashew tofu has a ton of flavor and the tofu is fried. Here its just dumped from the box into the bowl. No heat and no flavor.
I have been here a good handful of time and I always get bulgogi and spicy chicken plate. As a side I choose the potatoes and broccoli. I really am not partial to their kimchi but it might grow on me in time. Overall a nice place,clean,friendly, and pretty quick orders.
Good selection, but not the best. I have fun shopping for wine here, but I don't always find my local favorites. The 5 cent time sale is a great idea!
Fun place to eat,good waiter service,great spot location....specially when u are starving and have no time to waist looking for something...:)
Absolutely horrible service ! They always get my order wrong and the employees are rude. I recommend not visiting this location get some pollo loco from down the street.
I Loved this place! I can't say enough great things. The owners are the nicest people ever. The food..... To die for!! Prices are great and everything is fresh. I would eat here everyday. \n\nLori P
Not divine and bread seemed like day old. Not for foodies and like being in the food court -only a bit away from it. Sat in hallway, next to magic shop where fortune telling machine kept bellowing for someone to notice it.
Restaurant smelled horrible. As a former server, I recognize that smell as mold and unclean water used to clean floor, tables, etc. bread stale on burger and fries cold. Had to waive a server down for another drink. Please do not eat here.
Good experience.  The dr was very detailed.  I wasn't 100% comfortable with the sonographer, but she managed to get the pictures the dr. needed...eventually.
I'm not a big shui fan, and wasn't really raised eating it a lot, so for a first time experiencing it I loved it. Reverse sushi hour is nice because my boyfriend works nights and gets off late. The only reason for the four stars it because I did find a hair in one of the rolls.
Went today for the first time. Cool place. Pretty basic. Huge selection of beer. Service was good also. Didn't have any food. Maybe next time.
Really slow service! Won't be back. Should have trusted the reviews of my fellow Yelpers
The new TJ's is open at 10345 S. Eastern Ave. Henderson, NV 89052\n\n702-407-8673
outpost doesn't measure up. \n\nWins: ahi tuna salad, seafood platter, peppermint ice cream. \nFail: oysters
Die Pizzen waren sehr lecker. Durch den extrem d\u00fcnnen Boden ist sie sehr knusprig. Alles in allem sehr zu empfehlen, hier werde ich defintiv \u00f6fter essen.
Very pleased with Justin! Showed up on time, worked very hard, and the results were well worth the money :) Highly Recommend!!!  Definitely going to be a repeat customer. I added a pic of my truck after it was finished. Thanks, Justin!
This is some of the best mexican I've ever had, and definitely should be on your list to check out next time you're in Montreal.  A group of five of us went, between the appetizers and main courses we didn't have a single complaint.  Oh, and their home-made salsa was absolutely amazing!
I can appreciate the cheap Sunday buffet.  Wait staff was awesome and kept telling me \"not to rush, take my time\" when I thanked them for filling my water... I didn't have the heart to tell them that I wasn't rushing at all.
This Goodwill is bright, well-organized and fairly clean. I made some great finds especially in housewares and electronics. There is ample free parking which is very important in this area! I found some kitchen appliances with all parts and their original boxes. The pricing is reasonable.
Torn upholstery, indifferent service and overpriced drinks, in addition to poor seating and a high noise level made this a place to avoid. I have nothing positive to say. Usually I can find something nice to say....I guess the glassware was clean. Let's go with that.
We have been going here since open.......\nHave gone through the menu line by line\nAll excellent\nI am a veal guy and love theirs\nStaff makes the place\nWife & I are their biggest fans!!
I would actually give it 3.5 stars but I rounded up for a couple of reasons.  The service was very friendly and efficient, and I really like the half-roll options.  I think another reviewer said that this place was kind of the Panda Express of sushi.  I would agree with that.  It is good, but not originally great.
Some good deals. Some things over priced. $200 dresses. Not a huge selection. Terry the owner was super nice. Local business that has been around for over 20 years so gotta support that.
Never heard from them again.  Ended up having to live with all the damage they caused on my furniture and brand new $3k refrigerator.  They used to be a great company.... but not anymore.
A different way to have fun with your friends aside from the bar and club scene. There is an arcade, and it is attached to a bar so you have a lot of options.
Great Thai iced tea.  Had the beef noodle soup; pretty good and lots of food. The papaya salad, Esan style, was my favorite. Truly the most authentic papaya salad in a restaurant I've had since my trip to Thailand.  Very high quality fish sauce and flavor.
Very wide selection of beer. Don't get too comfortable with a beer, one month it's there and the next month it may be gone. Food is pretty good too. A little loud and somewhat crowded at night but lunch time is usually not as busy.
We went for the unlimited sushi but ended up waiting around for way too long for our food. Just a truly ridiculous amount of time. I felt like the sushi was below average as well. Wouldn't come back.
Called us on Father's Day, an hour before our reservation, to tell us they were going out of business!  Horrible!
Slow, don't seem concerned, food sat in kitchen and was cold.
Go somewhere else! Trying to get dinner on a Sunday night sign says they close at 9, at 8:24 doors locked !! Tried to get someone's attention to ask what was going on and employee just looked and me and look away... Horrible customer service! Spend your money elsewhere!
We found this place in the Phoenix magazine. It didn't live up the write up. Our experience was bad service, long wait times and unfriendly staff. The food wait time was excessive. The food qaulity was average. We were charges $4 for a soda! Save your next food experience and money on some place else.
Way overpriced and service sucked. I honestly had a feeling that the lady didn't want to serve us! Oh, and my tummy hurts 30 minutes later. Nice decor though.
We like going here for special occasions.  Love the lasagna. Good service.  Romantic atmosphere if you get a booth.   Live music.
Always book in advance and come in earlier than your appt time to choose from hundreds of gel colors! Loyal client to Lexi  she's amazing at shaping acrylics and detailed nail art!
Went there last night, had so much fun.\n the crowds were not that bad, around 9pm it was starting to get really busy.\nthe food prices were fair.. and very good choices\n Had a blast on the rides and enough campy lounge singers to round out the night , \nGood times
Nice prices... Horrible customer service... I'll only be back because they have really cute stuff...
It's ok... Took ten mins to get a beer.  Great Happy Hour prices!
This place has really gone downhill in the last year. Customer service is bad & the sandwiches are just ok. They do make a pretty good salad but I just can't get past the attitude of some newer employees. I don't want these knuckleheads anywhere near my food.
I returned here this week and ordered a Cheeseburger Combo at the window.  The service and quick and the food was very good.  This is a great place to try instead of In-n-Out Burger.
This place SUCKS my whole family threw up 2014  Santa fe SUCKS 2009 Santa fe was awesome don't eat here just go to in and out
We had a really good time, loved the animals some just need to be fed a little more but other then that it was really nice. My daughter loved the animals. Especially the donkey! Awesome decorations!
This place is now closed.
Good \"Mexican\" food.  Fast.  Cheap.  A great place for lunch or a quick dinner.  The breakfast, though tasty, has a pretty small menu.
Just discovered this amazing \"adult candy store\"! Staff was very friendly and knowledgeable . Came in for a bottle of wine and ended up purchasing two bottles. The prices were cheaper than the other stores in the area.
Found this place through yelp and close to my vacation rental. I had the strawberry French toast and my girlfriend had the multigrain pancakes. Both super good! Definitely a good place to go for breakfast!
Bad service and not worth the price.
We waited 30 minutes for the worst cafeteria food I've had in a long time. Pretty sure they microwaved my burrito...
Salut is an amazing place! The food is delicious with a menu to please all and the craft cocktails are out of this world. The ambiance is perfect for a classy relaxing evening with friends or a significant other.The price point is perfect and the type of crowd it is attracting is just what the Tempe area needed!!
I'm not much one to pay attention to reviews but I should have. Terrible customer service. After they made a large mistake they just rushed me out the door! No apology or concern. Trust me when I say do not go here for glasses.
I had the very bland fish tacos and my husband had the fried chicken. The service was friendly but the food is was very disappointing, because it didn't have much favor. We asked our server for various sauces trying to add taste to our meal but it didn't improve much. We won't be back.
I love the bar at this restaurant. Even though its still a part of bogeys it has a whole different ambiance.  It has really great steaks and wine pairings.  If you want something a little bit different in the North West valley give it a try.
Filet mignon was delectable. Wine list was impressive, and our wine choices were delicious. We loved Mon Ami Gabi!
Maybe I am missing something but I just didn't find anything special about my sandwich.  Maybe I was expecting more because of all the positive reviews at other locations.  Store was clean and staff was friendly but the sandwich itself was just a notch above a Quizno's or Subway.  I probably won't go back.
Always a great cup of coffee and the nicest people ever work there
We were seated outside upon our request, we arrived on a Sunday, it was in the early evening, it was very peaceful and relaxing outside, this place has a very unique character about it, the food was outstanding, I will be certainly back again!!
The chocolates are beautiful and I have always received very good service. But it is also very pricey, and the flavors can sometimes be hit or miss. All in all, it's definitely worth checking out whenever you're in the area!\n\n\nGet the drinking chocolate. Always.
Pros: Nice ambience, good pianists\nCons: No food, snacks OVER PRICED, pianists not willing to play out of their comfort zone. \n\nTip: For an older more relaxed crowd.
The best Thai food I've ever tasted. Friendly attentive staff, service is top notch!
Went back today and had some really good food.  The zucchini is extremely good, on par with any others I have had in the valley.
Typical fast food joint with tons of different options to satisfy the inner fast food junkie in you.\n\nThe milkshakes here are really good. And you can customize them however you want. Their burgers and fries are not bad either.\n\nPrices are cheap, and they are open late.
This is one of the best DD locations in town so far.  The staff is courteous and drive-thru service is fast.  The breakfast sandwiches and coffee are really good, in addition to the donuts.
I like this waterpark in Arizona. It is not as big and pretty like the ones on California, of course, but I must say it is in deed a decent place to take your kids to on a hot summer day. During the season, the park does get super crowded on the weekends though, so try to avoid and go on week days.
We've been here a bunch of times with mixed reviews. For breakfast, the only way to go is the speciality pancakes. In my opinion, eggs and such are not really with the $$. We love the French press coffee. Also, good pastries. Service is getting better...which was needed.
I used to rate this 5 stars.  It was worth driving across town for.  Now, the scoops are much smaller and the flavor has changed.  Not worth the money, the calories or the drive!
When people ask what to see this makes the top 10 things to see. very much worth the $$
Good stuff! They fixed my shoes within 24 hrs and came out looking like new for $15
Many of the reviews of J. Alexander's have been quite descriptive so I'm going to keep mine short and to the point:\n\nI did not enjoy my experience here in the least.  Everything about this place is simply \"typical.\"
I called this location 3 times and was put on hold for 10 min each time. Poorly staffed, and poor customer service. I understand it was 9:30 and night but 30 min hold is excessive!
I LOVE the sushi! The best sushi restaurant ever eaten at!
Well at first glance the pizza was burnt but look alright. A few slices in my friend found a huge black hair BAKED INTO the pizza. Disgusting. Will not be going back.
Great place! Everyone was so nice!! My 2 yr old is usually a nightmare in the chair. But after a rough few minutes (and a different movie) he was great. It was like a miracle. And his haircut is adorable. They did a great job. Would definitely recommend it.
Cool place and concept. The drinks seem really awesome I had the watermelon margarita, very good. Only gave three stars cause I think one of the workers was having a bad day, but customer service is customer service and I do not accept anything but the best....they didn't pass my standards.
Service was sub-par for the evening, it was not even that busy.  Food was good, but not amazing, price was reasonable but with the poor service...a bit high.  I have tried here 4-5 times and its showed its true colors as being an average place with good food and a good selection of wine.
This frys does have a special aroma when you enter it. It's not a good smell. Other then the smell its like any other frys out there
Very clean store and easy access from the freeway.  Pretty much exactly the same as every best buy.   I do prefer going to frys electronics over best buy.
Truffle parmesan fries were so good I almost ate the paper wrapper that it was held in. As for the burger I had I wasn't impressed.  The prices were thankfully decent.
ayce!!! sushi is good everytime i come at least 2x a month. Only if their service could be just as good as their sushi.
Stephanie is great to work with and I personally have saw her for back pain before. She helped me greatly. She is kind and pleasant to work with. I even referred one of my clients to her and he said how great she was.
This place never fails to surprise me. The food is amazingly great! Every time i visit and eat at yonaka they always provide a different cuisine. Which isn't bad in my opinion :)
This place makes going to court much more pleasant!  I always stop in for a relaxing brunch after stressful mornings at the courthouse :). The police might bring ya down but Chloe's will make you feel better.
Bad service and cold food. Do not come here.
The pizza is always good, but the service is never friendly. Whether I call in an order or place in person I have yet to see one worker at the counter smile! I would like a smile with my pizza please!
Un attrape-touriste \u00e0 des prix qui d\u00e9fient le sens commun d'une bouffe sur le pouce.
This is a very basic, old school diner. I've been here a couple times for breakfast and all I can say is that it is decent food at decent prices. I have received great service both times so I will say if you want a quick breakfast and you're in the area stop in to Jim's Coney Island.
Signature omelet and Sandy omelet.  Comparable to Black Bear Diner.
Lemonade tastes bad...food is ok, nothing exceeds my expectation. Went to see O Show n thought would give it a try...wouldn't go again.
Never seen slower serving speed. Sat and waited there for one whole hour and no dish was served. Left swearing we would never return.
Pizza and cheesesteaks are excellent.  But, was most surprised by breakfast - it was great.  French Toast, Pancakes, and Omelets at a great price!
I hate leaving bad reviews but this one deserves it. I spat out half my choices. They even managed to stuff up the ice cream. I'm not a fussy eater at all but this place is bad. Tough n chewy covered in sauce to make it edible.
Definitely a 5 star. Great food, great atmosphere, great bartenders, management and most importantly great friends.
convient, price efficient, but not too tastey as far as the wraps go. My husband really enjoyed his smoothie however. When in Vegas - go to the good restuarants, not the chains.
Do not use this company as the owner does not stand behind his word!
I absolutely love DT nails. The quality of work they do is great is their customer service is amazing. Highly recommend for gel and acrylics!
Came here on a Wednesday during happy hour with 4 other people, greeted by the hostess very and got a table outside like we asked and got drinks very quickly. Our waitress was very good kept out beers/sangrias coming and the food came quickly. I would recommend anyone coming to fountain hills to visit this place!
Excellent service.. fresh hot mini donuts and to top it off different varieties to choose from.. creamy dreamy snowballs are the best. Good customer service.. The Owner Lily is awesome
Flies EVERYWHERE! Great food but it's ruined the instant you get it because there are flies CONSTANTLY landing on your food. They have a serious fly problem. My advice is get it to go because the food is worth it.
Don't ever try their wonton noodles , it tasted exactly like the instant wonton noodles except that it was worse.
This show did not disappoint! Everything was perfect and beyond our expectations! Even my husband enjoyed it!!
The owners really know their stuff. The food isn't over priced and they will get what you need if its healthy and available. Great selection of dog jackets. Good loyalty program.
First time there today  had the best waiter  Joel they took care of everything app zucchini fritas awesome. Ceasar salad excellent my wife a personal chef had the lobster ravioli  she said was the best she has tasted  definitely going to be a regular now
I absolutely love this place. I seriously don't understand why people are not loving this place. The people are fantastic,  not to mention the vetranerians are down to earth.  Will be back. :)
Terrible service!
The Office is permanently closed. New business in same location is now V. Picasso, an upscale tapas bar owned by Victor Fuentes, which opened October 6, 2009.
The food is great! They have been here since 1985. I get the steak and mushroom pita with a side of fries. They make home made pita in house. My other favorite dish is the crazy gyro salad with olive and vinegar --- chopped up extra gyro.\n\nSo great!
Love stopping here for a quick drink and tasty appetizer.  The gnocchi is consistently spot on, delicious!  Friendly, prompt service and outdoor patio seating...just hold on to your hats on windy days!  Overall, I always look forward to winding down here :)
Hands down my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. The food is consistently excellent and VERY reasonably priced. I especially love the cheese pie and baked kibbee, but everything on the menu is pretty delicious!
Very mediocre. Tastes like any other charbroiled fast food burger. Onion rings are unimpressive as well. Staff was very friendly but the food doesn't make me want to bring friends or spread the word. There are better options within a mile of this place.
Great service and even better food! Really enjoyed my meal and loved the Cuban coffee. Place was packed at lunch which is great to see around here. Dinner menu looks awesome also!
Only 12 minute wait in the drive-thru this time.  I ordered a three piece and was given a two piece.
The food was decent. The place was too cold, my steak got cold and hard before I could even get half way through it. The mash potatoes were lacking flavor. The only reason I want to go back is to try their drinks and desserts.
I got the lotus shoot salad and my friend had the fresh lemongrass tofu--which is actually fried. Mine was alright. Hers was pretty good. But it was all sort of lackluster and boring. It just seemed like something you could get anywhere.
They messed up our reservation didn't get to eat...had to leave to get to Comerica after 30 minute wait...
Food was good but the service was terrible. Had to go out my way to get more water and to order dessert. Food was also overpriced.
This place is okay. I love their drinks and the atmosphere is really comfortable. The service is great and very fast. However, I'm not a big fan of the food. I was okay, but not great. If you are looking for something off the strip for a quick meal, then this is a good place to go.
Awesome free transportation in Vegas.
This place is great! The staff is professional and super sweet. I got more than I paid for and we were given the royal treatment w/o having to spend a fortune.
Les pizzas sont vraiment mauvaises, tr\u00e8s grasses et sans gout.
Very loud 80s music!   The turkey burger was good and the space pigs are awesome!  Our waitress was friendly and did her best to accomodate my special request as a non-red meat eater.
Avoid unless you just want to hang out. Def not a 'good' dinner place
Got appetizers here with my girlfriend at 1 in the morning after failing to find a 24 hour pizza joint. The kobe chili was excellent, and the calamari was good as well. The chorizo queso was too salty and had a weird texture.
Neat little shopping district to walk through.  The giant metal mantis in front was really cool.  Just a nice walkthrough as a break from Fremont Street.  Play area for kids is available.  Plenty of shopping and dining options.
I had stayed at Caesars Palace and wanted to dine somewhere close. I dined here twice. I had the beef brisket noodle soup, shrimp dumplings, and Hainan chicken and rice (my favorite). They were delicious. Service was excellent. Yes, it is pricey but I had expected it because of its location.
Worst Filiberto's around and that should tell you enough. They use old McDonald's fries for potatoes.
No no no.  No beer, no service, no fun.  If you want a quiet corner to read a book or take a nap in Vegas, come to this place.  They need to remove the \"brewery\" from the name or start brewing some beers.  Or better yet, start over and put something new in this space.
My first impression was that this quaint restaurant is certainly not a chain.  My last impression was how do I get out of here never to return!
Adios lousy pizza. This place is shuttered and gone with the wind. How does somebody spend all that cash to get a prime Mill location and not know how to make what he is trying to sell. Good riddance. Too bad Mill could use a good pizza joint - Slices stinks too.
not impressed.  the food was only so-so.  i can see where people might be drawn to the old town atmosphere, which was pleasant, but i can get better food at filabertos.
Bought a netbook brand new for a mothers day gift... Mother opened it and set it up herself and turned out to be used and password protected by someone already. And made my return difficult. Bunch of bs! Although the electronic cashier was pretty nice.
I didn't care for my hot dog, regular with sauerkraut but my husband liked his fried with bacon. The fries were good but overall 3 hot dogs, chili cheese fries and 1 soda was $30. Not worth it in my opinion.
Sweet potatoes,milk shakes,veggie burger....amazing taste :P
Must dine here. Amazing food. Menu changes daily! Use yelp check in for 2 free corkage fees
food ok  experience continues to go down
I had a great experience! Server was very attentive! It is a fun concept and the prices can not be beat! The only reason I dropped a star is because the fried rolls on the belt are cold. After we got one we just ordered them custom out of the kitchen.
Very disappointing. Soup was served cold twice even after we complained. \nThe eggplant wasn't made enough, really not eatable.
Store puts labels incorrectly and do not stand by the label price.
Attended a beautiful baby shower in the Hacienda. Wait staff was on point. The menu options were fresh and delicious. I highly recommend the grilled vegetable chopped salad.
LOVE Cibo!! Go there every chance I get..HIGHLY recommend!
Very disappointed, average food and below average service. Will not be back anytime soon.
Scott Reynolds at Evergreen helped us get the home of our dreams. He and his team were fast, efficient and amazing! I highly recommend Scott and his team at Evergreen.
Found the guys at Weiss Guys to be efficient. Now my car is all shiny and I'm a happy customer.
Classic ny style pizza in Charlotte. Luigi a displaced Italian splits his time between stores but it doesn't affect the quality ... This place is top notch.
I'm guessing the food is good, but have tried coming twice for breakfast at 8am and they were not open. Business hours say 7am-10am each time I've tried.
No need to write more than what others have posted. Tom is a great server and we enjoyed our dinner. We will be back...top notch service and food. This is Vegas at its best.
I have been to Portillos twice now, and the service and food are incredible.  The prices are pretty good too.  I can't wait for the Tempe location to open.
This is an awesome University.
Please hire more help in the evenings and keep black walnut in stock! That's all. Thank you.
Never had Greek food before. It was pretty good. The waitress was such a sweet girl. We told her it was our first time and she really made sure we understood the food and enjoyed our time there. 5 stars were thanks to her.
I love this place and so does my hubby summer or winter we are there at least twice a month. The staff is pretty friendly, we met the owner once he seemed busy but other than that ok.
The beer is good and everyone says the food is mediocre?? The chicken tenders are damn good! Dijon mustard is great! If you want to go for night after work its perfect!
Midnight menu is great for it's price. Half the staff looks miserable every time I come in to eat, especially the cashiers. They never smile and they always have a snobby attitude. Other than that, this place is great to grab cheap good quality food, (except for the steak on the midnight menu).
all chipotle's are the same to me, service is great, food is good.
Met friends for happy hour and dinner.  Outdoor patio was fantastic!  Decent margarita at a decent price. The chips and salsa were good. Not the most authentic in Mexican food but overall a nice evening.
Came through the drive-thru for a quick fix-me-up. I got two pieces of chicken, and they are the best two pieces of fried chicken I have ever had. This place beats KFC, Max's, and Popeye's.\n\nOnly kicker is that it costs a little more!
Can I have one of everything please?
I cannot say enough wonderful things about carey's auto service.  He has been my mechanic for years and has never been anything but fair, honest, affordable, reliable, quick , knowledge, informative, and friendly.  He is the reason I am driving my 02 pt cruiser at 190000 plus miles , and I look forward to many more.
Was taken good care of, takes a long time to get a bed because they are so busy. Took very good care of me in my room  and on a scale of 1 to 10 I give it a 9.5
Park is very nice. It's quiet and very clean. The water was a little dirty but i guess that is to be expected.  Nice trails around the park. Had a pavilion with several tables
Cool happy hour place.
Very Generic looking place with a buffalo wild wings type menu. This was our first time here but unless I'm abducted and brought here against my will, I don't think I'll be back. Everything was bad. The food was cold and the beer was warm. I hope they turn it around.
The tacos were cheap, filling and simple.  Nothing spectacular but will satisfy your taco fix at a great price!
This was some good food. great value.
Re Aria penthouse sky suites: comfortable, modern, great in-room technology (all interfaces for playing your own music and video). I posted some pictures of the common room, bar, dining room. Great views of the strip.
The people washing and waxing my truck were great.  But the owner and cashiers not so much!
Unique and delicious breakfast and brunch menu at a great value.
I love this place been here 100 times! Been some slip ups but always fixed. With a smile always!
been there once a few months ago for happy hour, enjoyed our cocktails & especially the malbec wine. we had 2 appetizers, the goat cheese one was good. can't wait to go back
great food and drinks! almond horchata is delicious and good beer.
Wow,just left this place after a staycation at the Westin Kierland. Not only were the tubs very dirty but they did a horrible job. I will not go again........EWWW
Stopped in for lunch today.  I had the steak sandwich and my wife had the panini, both were just ok.  Service was good, very attentive.  Price a little high for the quality of the food.
It is a small gem in Mt. Lebanon! The food is unique and the prices are great. I had the smoked pork and shrimp fried rice it was amazing! The waitress said that they smoke their own meats in house! I know I will definitely be back!
Very good, especially the tempura rolls. And excellent lunch specials!
An awesome place and atmosphere with a great staff.  The Spanish Trampoline is awesome.  Sit outside instead of inside at the bar.
I shop here because it meets the time and distance parameters of my life.  One more block and it wouldn't fit, and I wouldn't miss it.
Seriously? The line to the customer service desk is out the door and they only have two girls manning it. This is ridiculous! There are five other associate in the vicinity; one standing at the counter playing on computer, three others playing on a phone and one other just watching the line get bigger. C'mon now!
Breakfast was cold and coffee was old.  Eggs tasted like they came from a powder. Not what we expected at $30 per person. Enough said. Yuck!
Even though you have a couple of different Mexican food places near by, they're no where near as authentic as Villas. \n\nGreat service. \nGreat food.
This target is a little \"rough around the edges\" it reminds me of the Kmarts back home. A little messy, dark, somewhat depressing. It's fine if you need to pick something up in a hurry but if you have the time I would go to one of the other locations.
We have eaten here many times always great experience... this place is really good. we have been here for lunch buffet, it was great, amazingly huge. We have had dinner ala carte and it was even better. True indian Restaurant food. very falvorful and they actually used real spices. Very good quality.
If this place wasn't on the  lake/channel it would be out of business.   Crap food, blah service.  Avoid.  Nice outside deck.  That is why it gets a star.
You can only get plastic bottled water?? How cheap can you be? And to not serve water to people who are drinking??
Nice little place upstairs from Starbucks.  Great place to drop in and have a drink downtown.  We were heading to Dodge Theatre so we stopped in for a cocktail and enjoyed it.  I would recommend it.  The fresh grapefruit juice greyhounds were good.  Wines by the glass are above average as well.  Cool atmosphere.
This is the worst Filibertos I've been to in AZ.  Last time I went the burritos were almost entirely raw cabbage filled.  Just go to one of the other 'bertos.  This place always gets something wrong or tries to screw you over.
Great pizza and nice drivers, but they have forgotten about $10 worth of sauces now so that's pretty annoying.
Ate at Wildfish this evening.  My wife had a really nice salad.  I ordered the fried oysters (good) and the Asian BBQ Salmon (sauce hid the taste of salmon completely.\n\nService was very good.  Atmosphere was dark.\n\nOverall overpriced.
A Beautiful bar downtown that puts on great events!!
Never eat here. They got my order wrong and put some spicy sauce on my taco that made me throw up.
Service is HORRIBLE!! Waited at table for 15 min before i called manager over to tell him,.i watched employees shoot the breeze while i dat there,NEVER AGAIN
great place and great team!!
It's okay. Not bad, but I expected more of a food selection. Not much of a beer selection either.
Short ribs, tater tots, and potato leek gratin were amazing!  Great waitstaff and ambiance.  -can't wait to go back
A really good breakfast place to eat while in Vegas. I had the chicken enchilada omelette, it was pretty good. The banana nut muffins were awesome with butter. So good we ordered a loaf to go.
When i first walked in the lady didnt even greet me then i asked if she could do a fill so i sat down at desk then asked me what they put on my nail i told her her so she start to file but man what a bad attitude very unfriendly i will never go back and im visiting dont go!!!!!
It was nice having such perky faces so early in the morning. They even helped a non-coffee drinker like me discover some delicious caffinated options that I would never have noticed before.
I stopped in for a title loan amd their commercial says 15 minutes. I was there for over 2 hours waiting. They need to change their commercials. False advertisement
Just had the peach pie. It was incredible!
Stayed here for a football game at University of Phoenix Stadium. It's about 10mins drive. Rooms are average, fine for an overnight stay. But great service and very good breakfast ... bacon and biscuits and gravy! Yum.
Fairly small place with a small patio. Nice decor. Not many parking spaces because of the other businesses in their parking lot.  Service was very good however the beer was thin and watery and the food was rather small portions. Overall not a bad place but not a great place.
One of the best places for lunch in the area.  Friendly service; they will learn your name.  Its clear they care and provide a delicious meal at a very good price!  Wish there was a bit more seating inside but no fault to them.
This place is dirty, and the staff are more interested in talking amongst themselves and eating than helping customers.  One dressing room (the second is filled with junk).  Not for me, but you go! animal lovers.
I had fried shrimp and french fries which were okay. This salad is good as always the biscuits can't be beat. If you do want to try the biscuits at home sam'sclub has a fantastic mix I've tried them and they're worth it
It was just okay. Had to sit on the patio because it was so busy. Sorry but the patio completely lacks any personality. Staff was very nice. Service was good but food was average at best.
This place sells sick pets. We bought a guinea pig from there and the very next day were noticing that it was displaying signs of being sick. We shouldn't have been surprised because they kept at least 9 guinea pigs in one cage.
I am a Philly Cheese Steak snob and Lukes just blows me away. The best beef sandwich in town! Beef sandwich, sweet peppers, provolone... Mmmmmm. The sandwich is dripping wet! Just writing this makes me crave it!!!!!!
Better than I had expected.  Pleasant staff and delicious food at reasonable prices.
Wow, Killer Kabob Trio-dish.\nThe pita served hot at the table with olive oil dipping sauce gets me coming back for that alone. Friendly staff greets you with a smile and service is excellent.\n\nDog friendly patio
This is my second time eating here and it was clearly excellent. Not only was the food great but the environment was quite warm and pleasant!  A pleasant surprise for this area...
Thoroughly enjoyed my massage by Elizabeth. I'm a bit of a weenie, and she was great at tempering pressure and pulling back when I asked. The decor was relaxing and front desk was friendly and professional. I will be coming back for more massages.
Very friendly staff, and we look forward to seeing all the different parrots/birds they have while we shop. It's a bit of a drive from my area [southwest] but it makes for a nice afternoon enjoying the birds while shopping for plants.
Ate here a few months back and seriously there food is excellent!!! Man whore roll is amazinggggggg. The Garlic Tuna is excellent, and there Unagi is very good as well.
Very good service and a pretty busy place for breakfast. Their rancheros plate was very good and their prices are on target compared to others. Very fast service and also didn't have to wait much for the food to come even when it was busy.
Just go to Zia and get it over with.
My opinion : Avoid at all costs. The food was pretty bad, and we tried their pizza and asian nachos. It was pretty gross, no need to elaborate. When in Vegas and surrounded with many options, this should not be one of them.
Best authentic Hawaiian style BBQ beef around. The add two scope of rice and Mac salad with cabbage...Ono Hawaiian style.
This place sucks! Second time they broke my lug nut while changing my tires. Do not go here! \n\nPlus they are rude and don't care!
This place was so cute and the food was really simple and great taste too. I am  going to go back for sure. While you are inside this place, you feel like you are away from Vegas(which is a good thing if you live in Vegas).
Not to impressed. We bought a couple pies. Chicken pesto. Weird and ended up tossing. Roasted mushroom seemed salty and no sauce on it. I guess that if pizza is what you want, play it safe and stay with cheese or pepperoni.
Always great, knowledgeable service when they work on our regulators. Great people working there who never try to oversell you on equipment and their salt water, heated pool is awesome for refresher courses!
Love the place! Daily specials are the best because they are so cheap and fulfilling ! I would also recommend trying out their poutine which is also very fulfilling. There's a bunch of TV's which is nice if you are there alone.
Loved the chilli fries and coney dog but i really had a taste for a Detroit coney island gyro. And my daughter wanted the coney island chicken wings. But they didnt have it. I loved the faygo pop even tho its expensive compared to Detroit prices. I miss the real coney island!
Love the environment of Tivoli! Cafe Laredo has incredible table side guacamole, and a sizzling Mexican brownie that's amazing. Great patio dining.
Decent food and beer selection. Build your own salad is a good if expensive option. I end up here once a month, mainly because it's a meetup spot for my friends. Probably wouldn't visit it as much otherwise. Also, parking is dismal.
Took forever just to take our drink order! We sat for 5 mins before someone stopped by our table! And they quit serving Mtn Dew!!!
Wo, a great place in the airport. Both the breakfast panini and the cappuccino were perfect and the service was incredibly helpful and friendly. I would definitely repeat the visit.
The tacos are good.. the vampiro is the best one but this place is a mad house! There are different lines for different meats and when its busy this place is smoked up, cramped, and hot. I don't think it's worth the insanity at all
Stopped in for a latte and a breakfast sandwich.  Jaw nearly hit the floor when told total was over $12.50 so I expected a good sandwich for that price!  Nope, got a pre-made microwaved sandwich that was no bigger than a slider.  Small hot latte was $4.25.  Skip this place!
Went with some friends for the first time and we all shared our dishes.  Everything was very tasty- I really enjoyed everything.  I will go back here often.
AWESOME hotel!!! Came in through he week and were offered a suite at the Wynn so of course we took them up on the offer.  The Encore Hotel is just beautiful!  The front desk reception staff is extremely friendly and helpful.  Can't review on the rooms because we moved to the Wynn.
We like the food and think we get a good value for our money, but the service from the main lady is very bad.  Everyone else is pleasant.
Tried this on our way to Costco...My gyro salad was tasty but for the pool of grease on the plate...hubby enjoyed his gyro...neither of us cared for the tzaziki....we much prefer Yanni's!
I just love the food here. Always delicious. My favorite is the Salt and Pepper catfish, with collards and mac and cheese, but I am sure you will find your favorite as well.
Food is decent but everything else is crap. There are probably 15 options other then the salad area. It was blah and not a good lunch option. There was one pizza option. I wouldn't go back.
12.50 pitchers of Molson ex, staff are very friendly and welcoming and really good pub food.
Running out of Gyros on a thursday night ?? really ?? extremely disappointing. we came for their main dish and they ran out of it.
The food was good... but the service was just abysmal. I know that I go through a good bit of water in a meal, but is it that hard to fill my water glass?\n\nJust over all disapointment.
I bought a box of 8 for my coworkers, and I'm now up for promotion!\nSeriously though, these chocolates were amazing.  Cherie and John are great, and really know their stuff.  The care and attention to detail they put into their work is inspirational.  I will definitely be back.
I took my Bridesmaids dress here to be altered.  I ended up paying only $55 dollars whereas my sister paid over 100 at a Bridal shop.  \n\nThey were friendly, helpful, and did an excellent job!  I would return to get other items altered.
Great neighborhood chinese. Affordable, delicious, and great customer service. Volcano Shrimp will change your life!
I stop in here for drinks and gas before heading out to Red Rock.\nThe store is very clean and so is the restroom.\nThere is a car wash that I need to come back and try out someday :)\nStaff is friendly and there are a lot of choices for shopping and eating nearby.
Granted it was late when we got there, but no excuse for bleh food. I guess the prices are the offset, it's not too expensive.\n\nThe beef skewers were too tough for me to choke down. The sushi was okay.
great location right off the strip sidewalk. view is great service was great. had the steak sandwich which was really good
Ordered my office supplies and they were delivered to my door and 1 day sooner then expected. I was surprised and impressed. Great printing supplier.
Picked up my 'marcie' cross-body bag here.  Got great customer service but was not informed of their guarantee or no return policy til after purchase...?  I expect more from this alleged high quality vendor!\n\nNext time I will purchase from Nordstroms or Niemans!
The wait staff is horrible. Waited 5 minutes before I was even acknowledged. When I chose to sit outside ( the only place there was an available table), I sat for another 10 minutes before anyone came to my table, and that was only because they saw me get up to leave. Very disappointed. I was really looking forward to trying this place.
What a great place!  Cozy and not at all pretentious, which is great in scottsdale. Very comfortable to sit, have breakfast, relax and read the news. \nGreat breakfast!  House made corned beef hash was outstanding. Very friendly owner.
We were disappointed.  For our fast the burger was too juicy...but as a result of their cooking style.  This caused our hamburger bun to get soggy.  The serving of french fries was small.  The ambiance was nice.  But too expensive for the quality of food.
Full service hair salon with tanning beds.   They do everything from the basic cut to color, highlights, brazilian blowouts, extentions, hair replacement and wigs.  Always offer coffe/tea or water while i am waiting for my highlights to set.  No pressure for a rebook.  Check it out!!
Door guys are pretty sexy ; )
My go to mexican spot! Cheap and delicious. It's a no frills, quicky meal! Price, locations, and offerings are about the same as roberto's but this is definitely a step up above the regular fast mexican resturant. Chicken burrito is bomb
Vivace is a good Italian restaurant with a modern twist we enjoy going to this place. The food is good as well as the service. Really nice Decor with great views of the city skyline. one of our favorite places
A safe and modern facility with knowledgeable, friendly staff. They are setting the standard in Arizona for dispensaries. \n\nStop in a talk with Jason, Amber, Traci or Branden!
I go here all the time I absolutely love it everything on the menu is fantastic such a funky vibe, rustic, great coffee bar in the back. The bathrooms are my favorite part I know that sounds weird but each one is different, different music, different vibe different theme so creative
Good Food, VERY RUDE PEOPLE WORKING AT THIS LOCATION.  I will not go back.
Came for lunch.  The chips and salsa were above average, my entree was pick 3, and none of it was spectacular, also louder(music, not ambient noise) then I would have expected for a lunch crowd.
Great way to spend a lazy Sunday. I always feel like I have been warped back in time when I step foot in here. Endless games to chose from, hours of fun.
I used to love this place but it is apparantly under new owners who don't care as much as the previous owners.  The food quality has gone downhill as well as the cleanliness.  Sad to see a business fall into disrepair.
Terrible service.  NOT kid friendly.  Restaurant should be ashamed of themselves for the way they treat customers. I was with the Vivianna and could not believe the service we received. Will never return to this restaurant and want to the restaurant across the street that was packed. No wonder this restaurant was empty.
This is where I learned what good espresso tastes like. If you make it to Highland Park, stop there and get some great neighborhood atmosphere.
Years ago this buffet was very good, now it's just average. The service was very slow and the food bland. There are too many good places to eat in Las Vegas. I would only pick this buffet if it was a comp.
Great environment love the atmosphere. They have really good unique dishes you can't find anywhere else. Service in the courtyard area was ehh but the hookah lounge service is phenomenal. Love the hookah flavors! A must visit if you're a hookah lover.
My husband and I were on vacation and decided to pamper ourselves a bit. We took advantage of their 49.95 hour massage special going on at the time. The entire staff was very friendly and the massages were excellent...probably the best I have ever had!
Tonight I was served a gyro which the meat was burnt with a black char on it.  I've been eating there less frequently as the quality seems to be slipping.   I will not be returning after this.
Get the Tartufo pizza! The egg and mushrooms are perfect. An amazing pizza!!
Really good food! Fast service! I had a shrimp plate that was amazing ! And my bf got chicken Alfredo with black chicken was great also. itotally recommended
Didn't actually play here. We tried to, the pro was a jerk and service was terrible. Save the hassle and go play Coronado down the street. Same dive golf course, friendlier, and cheaper too
\"A cut above the rest!\" Yes indeed These dudes are the business! TIM-O is the man! He's been in the business 20+ years and knows what's up. Extremely pleased with my cut and experience.
Great neighborhood spot in Carnegie. Definitely what Main St needs! The crispy swordfish was delicious as was the hanger steak. Service was attentive and we had a great dinner! Will definitely be back to try more items.
Super fun! Low key. Nice bar staff and Karaoke.\nInexpensive beer.  Just a nice place to relax in a non judgmental place..
The better buffet restaurant around the area. Good atmosphere and good food. Will always go back. If you haven't tried it. Go for it.  No regrets. ..
Food is always good, come here every Monday, great staff too! Megan and Lowen are always awesome servers and we only visit when they are working!
Oh, it started out so good which seems to be the pattern with handymen.  \n\nSince our first terrific experience, my husband has sent several emails and voicemails with  no return communication.  Disappointing.
Just tried the spinach croissant and INHALED it. French press coffee as well.  I enjoy how relaxed and mellow this place is and food is terrific.
Just awesome food and service...Thank you!
I want to like it more, I really do.
The sandwiches here are very tasty but they have messed my order up a few times I have been here which is frustrating! If they had better service I would definetly give them more stars.
this place didn't impress me. I got the chicken w/ garlic sauce and it was just ok. Nothing special. the breadsticks were the best part.
Spot on best authentic Mexican in the city.  Just had pork tamales and want more.  Run to these guys as they are future rock stars of Pittsburgh's Mexican scene!!
This Discount Tire location has made a customer for life! Everyone was friendly, and the prices were fair. Also, I was in and out in about 30 minutes, tires and all. I was very impressed with the manager, who went above and beyond what was needed. I would definitely recommend this location to everyone.
Great service. Great food. Dessert was awesome.
Your average Continental Cafe' with a slight twist. And a bit of a price to pay for it.\nWe have always ate at the bar, and have great service there too.\nMartha is our gal!
The only thing I really get here is the salad with grilled steak.  It's pretty big and like that you can get it with shredded lettuce.  Other than that, everything else I have tried has not been as good as Chipotle's offerings.
Pulling in and we were directed to a new lane opening up. But we ended up waiting for a half an hour in this new line. Horribly managed place. Apparently their equipment broke down. We ended up missing the beginning of the movie with no apology from them.
Poor selection (most are fuddy-duddy mommy clothes), grossly overpriced and the whole store smells like old shoes.  This definitely won't be on my rounds.
Horrible service. Asked 3 times to order, asked twice for a knife and what kind of Vietnamese restaurant doesn't have meatballs for your pho?
Ate here at lunch as a single, sat at bar. Excellent price and portion size with drink included. Friendly bartender. Quick service. Food was phenomenal! Highly recommended
Awesome burger, fries, and service!!!  Burger was perfectly cooked with just the right amount of juiciness.  $7 for a combo meal with double burger.
Meh... this is actually pretty bad-to-mediocre Mexican food. Giving it 2 instead of 1 because I got great service despite other reviews. I'd skip it.
Great food, great selection. Nice variety of beer and crazy delicious sangria! Burgers are yummy (\"toppings\" are inside the burgers!) and pizza is excellent. Service is always quick. Patrons are friendly, it's like a little neighborhood hangout.
All of the pasta dishes from here were good. My wife love the Penne Rustica and I loved the Stuffed Mushrooms and the Eggplant Parmesan and our son the the Mac and Cheese
The food was delicious (swordfish & green chile burger). However, the service was terrible. I don't even know who our server was. Don't know if I'll be back.
Never have I ever had a poor experience here. The staff is extremely personable/friendly, knowledgable and professional. The selection is exceptional, and I always leave w/ phenomenal merchandise and an ego boost thanks to all the positive recognition of my tattoos.\n\nYou really can't go wrong at Sky High
I love the food is great but its to expensive. I was a little bit botherd when they would not butter my toast and they brought me frozen butter.
Solar Glo is the best Spray Tan I've had hands down! NOT blotchy, didn't fade in areas...just perfect! \n\nThe level of professionalism and kindness was amazing! \n\nThank you Angela! Definitely coming in again soon!
Great place to have drinks and to grab a bite before heading out for the night. Great service good sushi.. be nice if it was a little bit bigger. More tables, other then that good place.
Went there on a Thursday night. Pool room was filled but restaurant area was empty. Try to get a drink at both bars and had to wait very very long each time. It even took 10 minutes just to close out. Probably not coming back anytime soon
Eh, it's pretty much a big convenience store to me, but they have the necessities. I prefer the Greentree Giant Eagle, but it is good to have a market within walking distance to us. There's not much more I can say about it.
I love this place but their credit card readers are always down when I go. They need to address this problem because it is not something that's recently happened...this happens all the time especially during rush.
This review is wayyy overdue so hopefully Siam Terrace is still the same as it was when I last visited. If you decide to come here, you can't leave without trying the crispy pad Thai. It's a nice change since the dish is made from wonton skins as opposed to noodles.
Good solid mexican food.  Big portions and small prices.  If you order a burrito or chimi get it wet, I made that mistake only once!
It seems as if their vegetarian options may seem healthy.... I feel like they cook like Paula Dean-- you know how she throws in a stick of butter with everything!?\n\nIn a few words here it is: Modern, western, pub grub.
Omg! Dlishious and healthy!! PERFECT!
Some of the worse wings I've had, doesn't finish them, left and went next door to order a pizza and they gave me free wings after hearing how bad of a taste I still had. Only thing I could day was at less the server tried to help.
Always on point! Love that this place is a mile from home. Never had a bad meal. Greek salad with chicken Delish! Grape leaves awesome... I stop here prob once a week on my way home..
Fun locals bar. Had good drinks and entertained by the crowd.  Came here when they had a bunch of old school cars out front and the owners didnt mind u checking out their cars.
Excellent restaurant located in the Mandalay Bay; really enjoyed the hosue made pasta and the drinks were made well too. The server was a little on the arrogant side thats the only reason this restaurant didn't receive a 5 star rating. All in all, I would definately go back.
This is a terrible management company. Don't expect your deposit back. They will nickel and dime you until they have all of it. They prey on college students. Shame on them!
The people who work her are very polite but they are very pushy. They pretty much expect everyone to get gel polish and charge $15 extra for it. They didn't even give us the option for regular polish at first.
I ordered the green curry, chicken lettuce wraps, walnut shrimp and crab Rangoon. It was all SO SALTY I couldn't even eat it!!! I'm so disappointed. Never again!!
I come here about once a week for lunch.  The pizza is always amazing, and they have a great lunch deal.  The reason for 4 stars? The staff is rude and impersonal.
Good food, good price, and good service.  I was there on a Saturday early evening.  It's a small restaurant and tucked into a corner so it could be difficult for some to find.  I enjoyed everything I ate.  I'll most likely become a regular customer once I move to Charlotte later this month.  Thumbs up!
They were off their game! Took 40 minutes to get our food.  Tables were dirty, customers were unhappy, food was so-so.  Just lots of little things that really built up and made for an unpleasent visit, will be hard to return anytime soon.
Really wasn't expecting much out of a casino sandwich shop but it was nearby so we gave it a try. As it turns out they make a pretty mean sandwich! The Ranch BBQ chicken had pretty tender and juicy chicken and the bread was toasted right. Everyone else I was with liked their sandwiches too. Would go back!
Great local business with a great product. The buttercream is fantastic.
Great rooms, We had a living room and a bedroom with one and a half baths and even a TV in the master bath, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay for my boyfriends birthday.  A bit far to walk down the strip but the Mandalay Bay and the adjoining hotels have plenty to do.
I went there today! The cut was terrible! I have an awful experience. They lady that cut my hair was nice but she wanted to leave early so she made a disaster in my head!
Very nice place with live music almost every day. Drinks and beers are cheap although the quality is nto very good. Guiness for example at this place is awful! apart from that a nice place to go with friends for a pint and listen to some good music.
Love it!  Everything was great and fresh (tortillas and beans were bangin!).  The baked goods were amazing (akin to some of the best bakeries in Mexico with great flavors like pineapple).  \n\nI dream of their empanadas.
TF always delivers excellent, healthy food that is simply delicious.  Yes, you may wait a few minutes to get a table, but it is worth the time.  Check out their herb garden.
Enjoy great Med food, Pita Jungle is not known for its service but for the great food.  Also don't forget that just because you have been to one Pita Jungle does not mean there all the same/
Love the Pho here best hangover soup as my friends call it. Be prepared to wait for the table as this place is almost always packed. \n\nBeing vegetarian I very much appreciate that they have vegan pho which is very yummy. Friendly and attentive staff.
Four star NY style pizza in the Venetian?  Right off the casino?  Food court?  At 2AM  in the morning?  Yup.  Da Enzo.  Va bene!
It's a decent Target. The people were friendly and the layout was commonsensical. No wine for sale in Nevada though, really? Ugh. I miss California.
I just got her phone fixed, and she loved it. Great customer service! Everyone is very friendly and nice.
Not impressed with the crab cake sliders. Too small for the bun and mushy. The waffle fries are good though
Waited for an hour to get in and than 40 min for our regular burgers to be served. Burgers were ok, not sure that $100 for 4 regular burgers no fries and one sangria is worth it
Great food and atmosphere.  The duck pond is a great feature.
The service is really bad!!!!!!! We have waited for ten minutes to pay!
I would give the food a 4 the price a 3 and the service a 1. \nNot sure if I would go back but I can't say the food wasn't good. \n\nProbably wouldn't be too bad if I had a couple hours to kill watching how NOT to treat customers.
service from nay was awesome :)\n\nthe only down side was it took us a while to get our food, but dispite that the food was pretty good. there apps are better than a majority of places.\nand knowing that this location is 24 hours well be back
Draft shouldn't be blank.
Went to the Khloe Kardashin night at TAO. Absolutely disappointed. They over sold the event. No room to walk, talk or dance. It was ridiculous over crowded. Sorry I paid to go & never will do that again
Usually I love their chili but this location it didn't really taste as good. I also got the very last bowl of the pot so that could be it. The heated pita that I ordered with it was very good to dip in the chili though!
I probably come here too much for my own good, but I love the buffalo shrimp and mozzarella sticks.
Food was ok.  Portions were small.  Only good dish out of 4 dish we ordered is walnut shrimp.
This use to be my favorite buffet but they dropped the price and dropped the quality of the food apparently. Rice was way undercooked. Sesame chicken was kind of sloppy looking and sushi had a sour taste. Not to even mention that the place is super unsanitary. Bathrooms are beyond gross.
This place was great, the food excellent, the service excellent, portion size HUGE. We will definitely come back here while in Vegas. Forgot to take pictures we were so hungry.
Fun show!
Happy new year to you too!!! Kid working there was sooo rude! It's probably my fault for interrupting whatever he was doing. Or maybe getting a smog check on Jan 2 when everyone should be asleep
It's nice to go to a restaurant that's not part of a chain.\nThe location for this one is a little odd - as it is right behind a gas station. But the inside atmosphere was pleasant. They have a good variety of breakfast and lunch food- and so far, everything I've had there was tasty.
This hotel is such a legend I am so excited for all the new renovations that are going to happen
My favorite nail salon! Elaine & Grace are the best! Open late, always work well with my schedule. Very large color selection & extremely clean and friendly. I recommend everyone here!!
Don't waste your time. Go to outback steakhouse instead. At least your meats will be cooked properly and seasoned there.  Even if you have to walk, go to Texas De Brazil instead.
This Starbucks is the closest to my house, I have a newborn and still go out of my way to avoid using this location.  The drinks on a regular basis are incorrect and watered down.  Very disappointing considering the price.
Service was nice and friendly, but slow and there was only one other person in the restaurant. The sushi was average, nothing to write home about.
If you've never tried custard, you should give it a try.  It's like ice cream on delicious velvety steroids.  The mix-ins and concretes (with and without) nuts are terrific.
Mediocre in nearly every way. The food is bland and unmemorable, the pricing is a little high for what you get. The service is generally pretty good. There are better breakfast options not too far away.
Sweet and sour chicken was horrible. We will never come back here again. Not authentic Asian food at all. Very disappointed. Not worth my $$ at all!!
Gross! Bland deli meat on bland sub bread with bland toppings. Was it food? Yes. So I guess it requires stars.
Burgers are ok. The billionaire burger was ok. It didn't taste like a billion. But there are a bunch if choices. Stick to the Kobe beef burgers.
The food was great & social experience was amazing. Unfortunately, the removal of the National Children's Cancer Society candy machine was disappointing. \nIt was nice to have a gumball, chocolate or Skittles to snack on after our meal........owner must be more concerned about profits than customer satisfaction!
W has done it again. The Aloft chain is just what you would expect from them just slightly simplified. The room was ultra clean, bed was great and the eclectic style throughout was well done. I would and will do it over again.
Had a good experience here!  Tonya was extremely kind and professional.  The owner Sonny was nice and we felt very comfortable here.  I would return!
I come here to order ice coffee with coffee jelly and the occasionally coconut milk desserts. However, I wouldn't order anything else. On several occasions I tried the sticky rice desserts and they were rotten when I opened them.
Mr D's definitely an older crowd!  Damn I may be the you youngster!  Clearly much different from the Vegas strip!  Great looking bartender!
Great vegan pizza!
OMG they gave me 2 meals worth of food. They also do quick delivery!!!! I wish the veggies had more flavor.
Great selection of beer - love the mix and match option!
Cannot believe how unhelpful and extremely rude the ladies were to me and other women here. They treat you like you're scum until you go to buy an expensive dress. Would never recommend this place to anyone looking for a nice dress shopping experience.
Overpriced. Adequate food. Poor service. Cramped seating. So poorly lit that many patrons were used cell phones as flashlights to read the menu.
Late night food, amazing service and adult beverages too!  Outstanding experience!  Must try!
This is my second time coming here this week.  The staff is great, it's clean, and everything's made to order.  Food portions are well worth it!  Soon they'll have gaming, karaoke, and a full bar. \n\nI definitely recommend dining here!
Tourist Trap!  Worst fish and chip I've ever had.  My wife's mahi mahi sandwich looked like something you buy at costco.
Haven't had the pizza yet, but apparently I need to.  Gino's serves up some pretty good Italian fare, and while their service is a bit slow its made up for by the god ambiance and decent drinks.  A nice state street interpretation of Italian.
Super friendly servers.  Fast service.  Had over easy eggs with sausage. Food was cooked well. And the sausage was home made and not out of a package..  Also tried the homemade hash which was also very good.   The reason for five star is the combo of super friendly people and homemade style breakfast.
The music was so blisteringly loud that there was no pretense of being able to have a conversation with my friends. We left after one song, and no drinks. When I go out to socialize, I'd rather not just text my friends across the table.
Did I miss something. Every time (4x's) I have been to this place it has been morguelike and the food  is barely average. What is it you are all eating?
Fun place to visit and watch a soccer game or just have some lunch or coffee and a pastry.
The only record store in Vegas left that I will shop at now that Big B's Cds & Records - CLOSED!
A meal that was bland.\nA waiter who loved himself.\nA Josh won't be back.
Not very many varieties of cupcakes available but the red velvet was very moist
The duck was great and I loved the octopus as well.  Unique atmosphere with fine food!
Not a single clean table in the whole place, even though an employee was lounging at one of said dirty tables.
We went the first time for some cheese.  Excellent.  We went the second time for some sandwiches.  We had the #2 and #3.  Excellent again!! Both sandwiches were beyond delicious.  The food, the prices, the quantities, the quality, the presentation, are all absolutely wonderful!!
They call themselves a bakery and they close at 10pm. But they ran out of cinnamon rolls at noon and won't be making anymore. Bummer
Free chips when dine in!! They yaste so nice!!\nThe cheesesteak is OK, as well as people there. The price is reasonable and I cannot finish one myself since so many staff there.
Good place to hang after a Pirates game. Instantly fills up so be prepared to wait or leave the game early to get there.  The waitresses were flying around to take care of everyone, so props for that.
I was visiting AZ from California yesterday and a colleague recommended this sushi place.  It was terrible.  The service was slow. I even told our waiter we were in a hurry and we still waited 40 minutes for one of the rolls only to find out the chef dropped the roll and had to remake it.  Would not recommend.
Like blanco but in the run. Get some queso to fuel the shopping fire.
Tasted like they heated up a frozen dinner for us. soggy.
We stayed at Mirage last year so we where ending our every evening at this place....and we really loved it!  Michael, our bartender makes the best Cable Car ever! Entire stuff was very friendly and professional - no reason to complain...except that I wish they had a location in Chicago land.
Honestly fair. Just fair. Came here with family and they were equally not impressed. The so-called famous meatballs I heard of we're nothing compared to other Italian restaurants. Food is bland and lacks simple salt and pepper.
The  designs are pretty, however my nails barely lasted one week before the gel started to peel off. I paid $50 & expect my mani to last more than one week, such a disappointment!!!!
What I Ate:\n\nBaked Chicken, Greens, Black Eyed Peas, Stuffing, Corn Bread\n\nThe price is right and the food was great for lunch downtown.  Check it out if you're only here for a couple days and you want to try some real Southern food.
Good quality food. It is a little pricey; however it's good food!
Cool museum at the campus of UNLV.  We saw lots of paintings as well as a huge collection of masks.  best of all, it was FREE!!!!
please do not put lettuce and gas station cheese on chips and call it nachos....soooo gross!!  \n\nNice place to sit outside and people watch while having some beers and margaritas
If you want bland, boring, tasteless food, head over to the Chino BLANDido, where you can feast on \"Chinese\" BBQ Pork and jerk fried rice that is as exciting as watching paint dry. All things considered I'd rather eat paint. No doubt it would have more flavor...
This is the only place in town that has snow cones and these are New Orleans style also - which I think are the best! This place is in the shell gas station parking lot at the northwest corner of Horizon Ridge and Arroyo Grande. The prices are reasonable and are a great treat while it's 100+ degrees outside!
Bad service.  Again.  No condiments that I asked for.  No refills.  Server is an idiot.  No apology for forgetting us.  And not busy at all.
We had a party of six. Two of our party got their dumplings while the other four waited, and waited, and waited. After 45 minutes they finally started to bring out our food (one at a time). Don't they know that people like to eat together...at the same time.
Super convenient and delicious!
Their \"Torta Mexicana\" is soooo delicious. Love this place! Friendly people, nice and quiet, quality food.
This place had wonderful service! That's why I put 4 stars here, the service was outstanding and they always kept us happy, I believe I just had their fine dining lunch special and it was great, the dessert and coffee were a great mix, and I don't even drink coffee at all.
Place was very good! Pizza wings and enviroment was very great,took my 6 month baby boy and girlfriend and every person and staff would give him attention when they pass by,very friendly people...Great place to watch some sports as well
Excellent atmosphere, good service. Food was good, not great.\nThe bean paste and the kimpai were too vinegary. The soup was great, but I'm a sucker for sodium. The Korean express rice with chicken was pretty average.
Long lines, inflated pricing, but what did expect in a mall, chicken, thankfully, was good  must try the new one on the west side of town, much closer...
Great customer service. They  have alot of different things to eat and snack on. I like the fact they  have healthy snacks and real juice. They  are fairly clean and have lots of options for me to eat
Ordered 2 pies to go - one wood fired and one build your own - the lady that took my order asked if I wanted fresh cracked pepper - my request never made it - $40 later - I will stick with my tried and always true pizza joints .....neither was a stand-out or reason to go back.
Nice selection of juices. The people here are very friendly. I very rarely give 5 stars to any business.
Gallo's  has several different  different \"white\" pizzas and their traditional ones are great too! They have a great lunch special where you get a salad, personal pizza, and I believe a drink for around 8 $... Try the spinach-artichoke! It's sooo good....
Go here very frequently as it is very convenient to go to for my business. It is right across the street. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Only draw back is that they have no self check-out lanes. Sometimes their lines are long and takes a while to check out.
Fast and friendly service. A great job all around!!!Thanks Aaron !
Yuck, the mushrooms tasted like they came out of a can. Gross!
I have to climb how many flights of stairs in these heels?....uggggh...the club itself was very nice and drinks were stiff but all those stairs just really turned me off this place. Word to the wise, wear comfy shoes, which is pretty much impossible for us girls rockin five inch heels!
Tim was very organized & friendly. He quoted me a price before the scheduled move & texted us 30 mins before his arrival. My friends and I were all moving stuff---so we had to go to 4 different apartments, and despite it being a complicated move, everything went smoothly & perfectly. I highly recommend them :)
This Wal Mart stinks!!!! It's dirty, poorly organized, and the shoppers are often jerks.
Sadly, this did not meet our expectations as a Charger Bar.  The first 2 weeks were great, then we were no longer wanted.  We have found a new home.
I live in Scottsdale and have a great neighborhood restaurant/bar. The owner, Heidi, is so accommodating and helpful! The view here is gorgeous and the food excellent. This is a hidden gem in the nook of Fountain Hills. There is live music on the weekends, very high quality all the way round.
My wife and I went to eat here as we got a half price coupon and we really enjoyed urself.  The food was good as was the atmosphere.  I would definitely go back again.
Nice place to walk and view wildlife. You can even fish here with a license. My kids love to come for a walk!
Lee is an awesome bartender
This place is overrated. Fun for the kids but the staff is completely rude and unprofessional. I will never come here again and will make sure I tell everyone I know not to waste their time or MONEY! If I could give it zero stars I would.
Drove down on Saturday, 2/15 at 1:30pm. Yelp says the store is open but it's not. Disappointed, really wanted to see the pieces they have.
Not worth your time. Boring-est club experience in Vegas. Also, the fupa flashes from drunk fatties were NOT okay.
So I wrote a review but it was filtered. I think people should know how awful this place is before stepping inside. I have no ties to this place; I don't know any of the other owners of shops in Shadyside and I am 100% un-bias and wrote my review purely on my experience there. Why was it filtered?
Love this box! Great place to workout awesome coaches. I would highly recommend this to people of all ages and abilities! Best atmosphere hands down!!
Atmosphere was good, but the hookah is the biggest rip off ever. One quick light coal, and it's overly expensive.
Terrible service on a slow night. The food was served at room temperature. Worst. Sports. Bar. Ever. Good should be served at more than room temp...
This pizza is the best pizza ever ! Pricing is good, and so worth the wait even if it's an hour. If you're in Vegas at Marquee you have to go !
Less than impressed...the food was hit or miss. Mac and cheese was decent, BBQ chicken was dry, and the cocktail was delicious. The upstairs bar was really crowded and took a LONG time to be served. I loved the concept, but it just didn't completely deliver.
This is a review for the cafe Nero stand across the WH Smith store in the Waverley station. Terrible latte. Burnt milk with some crap foam on top. I guess there are not many options in a train station, but they could at least make an effort if they are going to charge 2.30.
Love it!  The dipped Italian Beef with peppers is so good!  The onion rings have a nice light batter...get cheese sauce to dunk.   Get the strawberry shortcake to take home for later.   Busy place but very efficient and friendly staff.
I love this location but the inside was crowded and other customers bumped me as they walked by. I'm used to the Baristas asking for my name after I place an order and this time they didn't ask for my name and someone almost walked off with my drink. Oh~~ hell nah!
It's ok if there's not a Bojangle's or KFC in the area, which there is so... why would you eat third best fried chicken?
Food at this location is consistent with the look and taste of all other Panda chains. The Issue is the rude people working behind the counter. No customer service skills whatsoever. They're there to collect a \"paycheck\" and to be a body. So if service matters, skip this Panda Express.
The service was great from both bar tenders. Drink where awesome and made well. Look inside is great drinks are priced well. Love the addition to downtown, if you like hand made cocktails make sure to have the bartenders make you something to surprise you!
My drink got passed over because they were to busy talking. When I did ask if they had a hot cholate I didn't get an answer. One minute later she threw down a hot cholate like it was such a bother to make a drink they forgot.
My new favorite viet place in Vegas.  Just as good as Brodard's in Westminster.
The staff is super friendly and helpful. I've never been unable to find what I am looking for.
I don't mind the airport itself but the wait for baggage is ridiculous.  45 minute flight home from Vegas and 30+ minute wait on baggage. Insane!
This place absolutely sucks!  Service horrid, steak over cooked and flavorless, creamed spinach rubber.  Don't eat here!  Wasted good money on terrible food.
Bought Car in the past...Extremely Poor Customer Service!!! \n\nDouble check the quality of your tires!\n\nFor continued issues contact the Better Business Bureau...
I-LOVE-THIS-PLACE!!! Noodle soup in a bread bowl . . . can't go wrong, makes me happy every time!
The only reason they don't get 5 stars is because every time we go we spend about 200 to 300 a head and we feel like 100 to 200 a head would be more appropriate
Presented me with an expensive and invasive treatment plan.  Did not work well with my dog.  I contacted the company to express my concerns.  Awaiting their response.
After traveling for most of the day and arriving for a lay-over in this terminal, a fruit smoothie from Freshens really hit the spot.  The portion was generous and the taste was fresh.  Not sure what more you can expect from a smoothie place in a tiny terminal at a Vegas airport!
The food is good and the portions are HUGE...my only complaint is that it took a while to get served..try it as you will not be dissappointed
This place has a nice selection of Shoes. The customer service here or lack thereof was what put them at 3 stars. I was in the store for about 20 minutes and not once, out of the 20 employees working the store was I acknowledged even once.\n\nI did end up buying 2 clearance shoes that were really comfortable.
My kids love it here because of the dough they get to play with at the table. Great salads and pizzas. The food prices seem a little bit high, but their beer prices make up the difference with 5.00 24 oz domestics. The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is the service is usually a bit slow.
This place is nothing special.  For $4.50 for a slice of average cheese pizza, it is very expensive.  I would not bother to go back.
place wasn't that good and obviously sense its in an airport they over charge for everything but when you are messed up and need some food it does the trick.
Dr James Lo is excellent.He cares about everyone he treats.  Excel Chiro Care would be the place to go if you want to be well!  From back/muscle/sprained ankle/headache/allegeries - this office should definitely be on your place to go!
Delightful dinner.Excellent food, and great service from Chris. Thanks to Chris for the tickets to the gondola ride. Perfect end to perfect dinner by warm fire on a cool night under the palm trees.
Great quick hike, cool view at the top!
Love this store! They have a great selection of lunch box accessories and back packs as well as great beds and furniture for both boys and girls. You can find great unique birthday gifts for both girls and boys.The Catalog has even more selection than the store but I really like going into the store to get decorating inspiration for my girls rooms.
I ordered fish and chips. My girlfriend ordered a smoke stack. Everything was pretty bland, the food was cold but we were in a large group. The chili cheese fries were tasted like they didn't season it at all. Overall I wouldn't come here to eat anything, the drinks were good and so was the service.
The food is okay/decent and staff are always nice.  I think what really keeps me coming back is their stamp program where you can get a free meal after so many visits lol
The food is amazing. Definitely the best Mediterranean restaurant in town. I ordered hummus and falafel...they were both outstanding. Try their mint tea (fresh mint leaves)....it is delicious.
Very nice place, new and clean. Food is just OK. Typical Chinese buffet food, nothing new. Price is fair.  Sushi doesn't look like sushi at all.
The seafood here is NOT fresh, not really worth the price. Some sauce can be weird tasting to some customers. My suggestion is to have seafood before you go to Vegas.
They were good. They were interesting. It's definitely a cute idea. I just, I don't know, I couldn't help thinking that they were just popsicles... for $2.50 each.
Went for lunch while visiting Phoenix and fell in love with the Wango Mango chicken. I just moved to AZ and can't wait to go back and try the other unique dishes.
Went here this morning and picked up some macarons for me and my friends at work. I love the key lime one. I will defiantly be back since it's so close.
We have dined here many times and love the food.  Yesterday we had dinner there.  The temperature was 60 degrees in the place.  Kept my coat on and my fingers were cold.  Our food was also instantly cold.  When we left after asking to raise the heat it was 62.  Was very disappointed and will be a while before we can return.
They have an entire aisle of Dogswell and other brands of treats made in China that are killing pets.  I cannot support a store that sells poison.
We love zipps! Wings are best!\nService is always good. Just would appreciate if you let your staff know that when using the restroom you shouldn't place your apron on the floor. It was nasty to see. It's not sanitary!!
Not impressed with our Togo order. Looked like it was slapped together. The cheese fries looked like they had no cheese on them. Also we did not receive a receipt after paying.
I love the products they sell.  I am consistently less impressed with the staff.  There is usually only one person per section who has a clue.  I try to find that person when I have questions.
Every time that I bring my vehicles into your dealership I receive excellent service. Chris Bates is a very knowledgeable service adviser listens to me and makes sure that my vehicles are checked for any maintenance that they require. He and Jason Briggs are the main reasons that I keep coming back to your dealership.
Once again, the fresh summer rolls and chicken pad thai  were fantastic. Best I've ever had. The staff if friendly and attentive.  Love this place!
Mediocre food and dirty ass tables. Suffice it to say, there's room for improvement.
Stopped in for some zucchini sticks and some great Sliders.  Our favorite waitress Cindy is taking great care of us. . Oh yes and I can't leave out our favorite bartendress, Tina. She's the bomb!
Always seems like they are out of size 12 shoes ;( but its nicer the most Ross's I have been to.
I did not like this place, was way overrated for what get. Food was not that good. Selections even though many didn't have some of the basic things I would have liked(like Italian dressing). The price was pretty high and the soup didn't have much flavor:( very sad as I thought I would enjoy this place.
Very disappointed.  Entire cake went to waste and was not enjoyable.  Party spoiler.
Pretty good, but not amazing. I had seafood tempura and a roll. I was a little disappointed with how much everything cost. If it had been a little cheaper, I would have given it 4 stars. Sure you can get away with spending less but you may go away hungry!
Great hotel, great rooms, modern, clean, many amenities for the business traveler. Love it here.
Bar staff was rude, the wait staff was great. Well priced and good. .. definitely not great. However, the value puts it in my top 10 for a quick eat.
We eat here all the time, however we were asked/told to leave at exactly 9:00 pm and told to sit in our cars... We had one bite left of our cupcakes! It was rude and have never been asked to leave a restaurant at the exact minute they close. Won't be returning... :(
Tourist Trap.
What a great find. Wanted something different and after reading the reviews decided to give it a try. Had an appetizer as my dinner and the presentation was amazing. There was a little fire pit to 'cook' the appetizers and it came with four amazing dipping sauces. Will definitely go back again.
Went for lunch, the hummus was good, i had the eggplant which was awfully bland even with a nice tomato sauce.  no beer with lunch though (bogus!)
This place is horrible the food is so over Americanized it didn't even have flavor was Super Dissapointed! I live near by and I will never go back!
This is a good restaurant. yelp is insane. The bad reviews should be removed. If you think you can do better open your own restaurant. #justsayin
Don't deal with manya ,she held our offer up a week for a better offer and ended up flaking for a cash offer the first time that fell through
Great place. My dogs love going to Just Like Home. I have peace of mind knowing my babies are always in great hands.
Nice inland course , not hilly but a definate test for all levels. Clubhouse is modern and large with good food and choice of drinks , pro shop very well stocked. Not expensive to play either with very good deals on society gold days.
The waiter ran like hell when we cut into the Steak . We never saw him again. It was so overcooked it wasn't edible. When we flew home the first thing we did was order a nice steak to make up for ones we had at Capital Grille.
Hire some damn cashiers!!!!!!!!
Overrated. Very busy, always a wait to get in. Patio is loud. Food is meh. No soda. Kind of pricey too.
Only good as a laugh to show out of towners,  Come on!  It's just a canal and some irrelevant shopping,  probably the brilliant idea of a wealthy idiot with a coke habbit.   Nothing else can explain something that cost as much to implement to be so incredibly stupid and pathetic.
Awesome food! Great Deal! Perfect Atmosphere!
Out of ribs on Fathers Day.  Sad!  Very sad! And they didn't tell me until I ordered.
The Ho, Miyagi-san, and pork buns...all amazing! We loved the asian twist. 3 picky people, all loved it!
Rigatoni w/ pita bread side was fair warning.
Went there once and will not ever go back again since they don't have a lot of food selections.  One good thing about the buffet is that you get to choose your own ice creams by scooping it yourself, but other than that, I think I'll pass.
The food was really good, especially for the $7 or so I spent. This particular location is next to the ASU campus and there were quite a few college students enjoying lunch. I am defiantly going there again for a quick and quality meal.
After all the good reviews I have to say I was disappointed. Anything fried was overdone, and the chicken and veggie dish was overpriced and bland. The customer service was great, but the food was expensive and sub-par.
This used to called Griddles...hopefully stacks and yolks can stay.great food and friendly service. I had the garden skillet which was to much for me to eat in one sitting. Can't wait to visit again
Excellent food!  And great service.  Ask for Rebecca next time you are in.  We even got to go cups for our drinks.
David Woolen always does a fantastic job - friendly, courteous and careful around areas where pets and kids play. I appreciate Bulwark Exterminating's always fantastic customer service.
I wish the employees' attitudes were better. They're all so cold and rude, you can always hear their snappy little comments about people and the animals when you're waiting at the front. So sad.
Panera bread has to be the most inconsistent restaurant I have ever been to. I have posted two pictures of the strawberry poppyseed chicken salad. The first one looks delicious the second one looks like they could've used a smaller bowl. It did not even look appetizing.
Sandwiches, sandwiches and (yes!) more sandwiches.  Being open 24 hours is a plus, but having staff that don't stay happy 24/7 knocks it off it's perfect 5 star perch.
So if you are stuck in Vegas and starving with a car full of other starving people that are whining and complaining that are under 21 then sure stop here. Other than that continue driving. Your toilet will appreciate it. However some people at the table said that the pork sandwich had a great tang to it. That is why we gave 2 stars.
AWFUL AWFUL BUFFET- so not worth the money. Lots of choice but crappy food. Service was also pretty bad.
Worst airline ever.  Hidden charges galore.   Plane smells like vomit (someone obviously threw up in the airplane recently).  Excessive baggage charges. No courtesy beverage service. Gate service personnel rude.  I wish I could give 0 stars.
