I have eaten here for years and it is usually pretty good.  But it it smokey as fuck.  They need to get their hood fixed or upgraded for the health of their employees and patrons.  Surprised it would be up to code in its current state.
Don't let the location distract you, this is a real gem! \nWe had the chicken tikka masala and the butter chicken both were great!\nThe mango lassi was very tasty too.\n\nI would strongly recommend you leave the standard food on the strip and enjoy this place!
Stay for the drinks and service. Eat before you get here.
We had the opportunity to sit at the chefs counter and eat our dinner while talking to and watching them prepare the various dishes, they were awesome.\n\nThe food was really good but the Pecan Pie and Banana Pudding was incredible.  Whatever you do leave room for desert.
Food looked insanely good.\n\nThey had great dining options extremely late.\n\nToo bad I never got to try any of it since we waited for 1.5 hrs and nothing came.
Unimpressed\n\nI you're looking for cheap.bland food this is your spot\n\nCame in for breakfast, probably won't be back
The guy who works nights here is a real piece of shit. He just spent 5 minutes lecturing my friends on how American love is shallow and based on \"fucky-fucky\" and men should be worshipped by their wives \"like Jesus Christ\".
Took a cab from the strip to chinatown hoping to get some authentic Chinese food after many days of buffet. Very disappointed. I could cook much better fish porridge and steamed chicken than the chef. Besides distasteful food, the poor service is also disturbing. They even automatically add tips to the bill.
Cheap but nothing special.
Lien Nguyen has the best service and friendliest staff in town and you can't beat her prices. She is also one of the best people I know. God and Buddha bless your business and your family Lien! Love Lien!!!\n\nLarry R.
South Point kicks arse, i haven't stayed in their rooms but i come here to gamble and drink. The only thing it's missing is people walking around in their Vegas best shirts with rhinestones and sunglasses at night.
Came here while hanging at the pool for a change from the greasy pool food they serve. It was pretty good, not too pricey, and chips and salsa were pretty decent.
I wasn't impressed. Especially if you compare it to Popeyes. Nothing compares to Popeyes. I tried their gizzards, hush puppies and tots. Eh. I guess if you're in the area craving fried chicken this is the spot. Cash only.
My God! This place keeps getting better and better!!! Even when they're so busy that the line is out the door around the corner!!!!
my friend is allergic to nuts and they refused to use a clean knife when they were making his rolls after doing a Peanut Butter Roll. HEALTH VIOLATION!!! and they refused to make him New rolls after they contaminated his. HORRIBLE SERVICE! he could have died!
Ugh. There is nothing more to say.
Nothing special. The Mekong Palace still better but this is my second dim sum. Still looking..
Ditto to what the others said.  Cheap fun place with a great happy hour, and PBR special.  I swear this place must have acquired my grandma's old couch somehow.  Look for the tan couch with the wood paneling and rose pattern....yep, that would be it.
This place absolutely Sucked!!! Deserved NO STARS if that was an option, overhyped and overflowing with Douchebags...Never Again....Phok Yu - PhoKimLong
Unfreundlicher Kellner der einen nicht mal anschaut beim Bestellung aufnehmen ... Wortkarg ... Und ohne jedes L\u00e4cheln. Sorry aber so gibt es halt nur einen Stern.
My #1 favorite must restaurant in phx! Can't go wrong with the elixirs or the Tuscan kale. Dr. Weil knows how make u feel full in a good way!
Fabulous experience on jan 4 for my b day. Food amazing plus the homemade cheesecake and Italian cookies were outstanding. Thank you Maria and Casper for making my b day very special.
Pin-ball machines (old ones to new ones) + vintage arcades (original mario bros., contra, etc.).\nNot a bad place to kill some time if you want to get away from the strip.
Service was friendly, but slow.  Food was mediocre in quality.\n\nEverything overpriced (by about 35%) and small portions (2 pasta dishes, plus chipotle chicken sandwich with fries).\n\nNot worth it, in my humble opinion.
Good place, but might be oin the pricey side when compared to other options nearby.
Very nice casino. Pays to keep you playing and the attendants are very courteous. Machines keep you smiling and happy, unlike the Paris or Bally's.
My favorite beauty store in all of AZ , hair land is a close second but this store has awesome customer service and supply selection.
Food was awful... for the price you might as well hit a burger king! Service sucked also!
Don't go here for food unless you want to wait in lines forever.  Every restaurant or deli has the longest and slowest functioning lines.
Amazing! What CaN I Say They've Never Let Me Down, Little Pricey But Sooo Worth It!!
Nearly all of the staff seemed incompetent and slow. Had to walk out of the cafe because we didn't get service. Our room service order was completely screwed up and they never fixed it. The trash in the hallways hasn't been picked up for days. Nobody was at the gift shop or the spa.
Love love love Geisha! They have the best Happy Hour specials and Saki! \n\nSushi is always fresh and yummie and drink specials can't be beat. Parking can be a challenge on busy days.
Best bar food on this side of town.
I live nearby so I thought I'd try their wings. I was very disappointed. The wings were so small that it would take 3 wings to equal one regular sized wing. I won't be back.
Open till 10 every night. The white chocolate mousse is great! TCBY still holds it's own - even against Yogurtland. TCBY you SOB.
For the price we paid this place was quite terrible. I have no idea why it has so many high reviews. I was really disappointed.
Uhh what happened here? Ordered orange chicken under new management. Horrible. Bring back the old recipe fast.
I love postino and this location! The servers are super nice and the place is beautiful!
The chocolate and cinnamon babkas, both big and small, are spectacular. Those alone are worth a visit..or 10
I went for a Dogfish Head dinner and was totally wowed by the food! It was a 6 course meal sampling 6 different beers from Dogfish Head Brewery. Both the food and beers were incredible; both great on their own, but exceptional when paired. Kudos to the chef, Keith Fuller on his incredible palate and mad chef skills.
Although you're probably going to have to wait a relativity long time, and you're probably going to have to share a table, it is worth it. \nThe service was super fast, and being from NYC, prices were reasonable at around $8 a sandwich. You get what you pay for!
This place is awesome.I shop here more than any other store in the area. fantastic selection of new and used music and video.Cool collectable stuff...a great place for gift shopping!The staff rocks...I love this pace!
C'est quand meme juste pour le prix. Bonne crevettes et crabes.
First time here and love this place already!!  The sausage, egg and cheese bagel was so good! The food also came out quick and was fresh. Definitely will be coming back!
I've been here one time.  It was the ONLY time I ever sent a beer back.  My miller light was either out dated or a skunk crapped in it.  Either way I could only stomach about a third of it.  It was replaced with another draft beer that wasn't that great either.
[Otherwise known as E Squared]\n\nI'm so incredibly glad that coffee is back on this side of campus! It's a perfect combination of location and offerings: great coffee and tea drinks, light/local cuisine.\n\nNice place, great service!
We went searching for window cling decorations but alas they had none. The shelves seemed really empty and there were very few people in sight. This is a great place to come to when you have those coupons that they provide in the paper, or as I like to call it: junk mail.
Always friendly and great customer service.
Go in late night, tell them you already ordered and they will sling you a pizza on the spot.  These guys are solid, it's a shame nobody tips them more than their spare change.  Don't recommend while sober, but take it home late night with some ranch and hot sauce.
Excellent choice of the more unusual & tasty craft beers on tap here. Great bottle choices too. Make sure to visit during their Strong Beer fest. Great food & fun bartenders,
They have a large ray of liquor but every time I'm in there they never ask if I need help. I have to go over to the group of employees just talking to each other and ask. Yes Im well educated in my liquors but still sometimes it hard to find products cause It could be upstairs or on floor level.
I can easily sum up this place in one word -  No.  Bring back Blue Burrito... please?
Great ambiance, only had to wait 10 minutes when they told us 20.  Request outside seating to soak in the view and scenery of the Ceasar's Fountains.  Kinda pricey but the food is good.  The desserts are off the hook.   \n\nAll in all a cool spot I definitely recommend.
There is a 3 inch over hang on my cabinets that looks awful.  They gave the cheapest bid for a reason....their work is terrible.  The owner swore that this overhang was 'industry standard' as other contractors disagreed.  Do yourself a favor and pay 10% more somewhere else and get better quality work.
Frozen hot chocolate was delicious.  Food is good but service was so incredibly slow.
I love this Chili's and the service I receive here.  Presidente Margaritas are always solid.
We did get contacted by Mandalay Bay and got some money back.  Nice of them but don't think we'll stay there ever again.  All the issues could of should of been addressed at the time.
This is a solid place to grab a coffee in the morning or pastry in the afternoon if you're staying at the Mirage. I'd rather go here than Starbucks next door in TI. Friendly service, strong coffee, and tasty pastries. Would more coulda want?
Really great. We got them mixed up with another company and they barely charged us for completely wasting their time.
The new place is so nice... Killer DJ, drink specials and the staff is great! Cole the manager is TOP Notch in my book!  We LOVE This place
Been there for the third time today, never been disappointed. The Caesar salad is delicious and a good portion, my friend always gets the turkey club sandwich and their fries are absolutely amazing some of the best I've had, and today I got the pasta carbonara and it was so good! Good atmosphere good food, definitely  recommended
Pretty big menu, and overall pretty decent breakfast...nothing crazy good here though, everything I have had is just ok. Egg works got them beat for sure! Or if you want some real solid breakfast go to the coffee cup!
Tony has hit the nail on the head, no pun intended. I've dealt with these people for years and have been more than happy. Belive it or not they once recomended a less expensive tire that would fit my needs better than the tire I thought  I needed
I gotta give them 5 stars.  I love the old house ambiance and the friendly service.  My Italian pasty was excellent and enough for two meals.  They have a great beer selection.  Be sure to enjoy their patio when the weather is nice.
Worst service and the food comes out cold.
Good BBQ, nothing really exceptional or out of the ordinary.  The rattlesnake was interesting (to say I ate rattlesnake) but tasted like bland popcorn chicken.  Price was decent for portions you get.  Good place to take family and friends wanting the \"Western\" feel.
Not the best Hooters I've been to, but the wings were great as usual! The staff wasn't the friendliest, but I was not let down by the mozzarella sticks!
I love Costco! It has really helped me save money when shopping for my big family. The employees give excellent customer service and they all seem so happy. Even when it is busy the lines at the registers move fast. I would highly recommend Costco to anyone wanting great savings and good service.
as far as fried chicken goes, this place is great!!!! Beware of the hours and they only take cash. Deffinetly worth a visit.
Awesome breakfast!
Decent food and service. The place was all hipped up by a friend so I was a little let down. I'm pretty sure I would not go there again.
One of the best steak sandwiches on marble rye I have ever consumed. A delight to eat in or take out.
This is my favorite restaurant in Charlotte by far!  The Solomio (steak with mashed potatoes) is delicious and they carry my favorite wine, Alamos Chard!  This is a go to place for my husband and I on date nights!  Try it!
Just checked in and have spent about 2 hours on the game floor with absolutely No waitresses coming by for drink service.  I expected more service.  Seriously regretting staying here.
The Parmesan crusted asparagus is AMAZING!!!  Hailey is AWESOME...she's always so friendly!  This is a GREAT place and the ratings should be a lot higher.
The food is not bad, but is rather overpriced for what you get.  The wines are similarly too high.  The service is friendly and the ambience pretty nice, but the food is slightly below average and the price point is much higher than it should be given the quality of food.
These bagels are fine, but I think their drinks are yummy. I like the blackberry lemonade. \n\nThe interior is sterile, but air conditioned with clean bathrooms and on state street that is saying a lot.
This place is awesome! Get the bacon wrapped shrimp stuffed peppers they are amazing. The fish tacos and pork tacos are also really good. I don't think I've tried anything here I don't like. They also make a great michalada, and margarita. :-)
I wasn't sure what to expect but nicely surprised!!! Awesome margaritas and the three enchilada dinner was amazing!   And so reasonably priced!  New favorite Mexican!!!
Waitresses dressed like Hooters servers. Burgers totally overrated. Did I mention the demeaning slogans on the waitresses' tees?\n\nHave some self respect (and some respect for your servers) and go somewhere where the burgers are actually really great: Tessaro's.
The parking lot / drive-paths here are a nightmare. I must have made 3 passes before finally figuring out which path led me to Pax Pickup. Trying to get to the pickup area for a passenger is its own challenge as well.\nGood Luck.
cheap and quick pest control service
Went for a mayweather fight, $10 was definitely acceptable for the amount of tv's in the place. Food was good and a lot of draft beer specials. Recommended for fights for sure
Best cafe in Montreal! Extremely popular but worth the wait. Cafe Frededo latte is tasty( I don't like very sweet, and this coffee is just bittersweet)  and the decor is very cozy
Total bait and switch sales department! Will tell you one price over the phone, then quote you another when you arrive! Happened to me personally 3 times. I bought from Scottsdale BMW. One quote, one price, done deal. Buyer beware...
Ban Me is totally amazingly delicious.\nGreat (small) beer list.\nHate the t.v.
This isn't a farmer's market.  It's a very low-end grocery store.  Which is fine!  But I won't be going back because the combined smell of garbage and dead fish could kill a horse and I know where else I can buy cheap and fresh corn tortillas.
Couldn't really get a feel for the place as I wasn't let in b/c  was wearing a tanktop.\n\nHowever, I do suggest you wear an affliction shirt. Seems to be the uniform.
Food was good. You can taste the difference with the various herbs used in the food. Great service and a nice price point for lunch.  The parking lot can be crowded at lunch.
Got a burrito for $6 + and it was all guacamole and pico with barley and carne asada. It was cold and disgusting. This place should be embarrassed to serve their food.
Great breakfast spot, pancakes were delicious, service was great.
bad company, sometimes good but mostly bad. have ask for pickup of some palm fronds from a tree trimming and they promised twice to pick up after the original trash day service missed them. they are still in the driveway.
The chili is really good with huge chunks of beef in it.  The flatbread style pizza is also very good.  The onion rings are awesome.  The girls are all hot and really nice.  There are plenty of TV's.  That's about it!
Dirty, generic, and loud. They have a few funky chairs in the corner, but they're awkward and uncomfortable. Other than that, it's a Starbucks.
Ate here with my husband in February of 2010. We are Thai food enthusiasts.\n\nAll I can say is: Don't bother!
Ordered bbq chicken got something that looked like shredded chicken AND it had a bone in it! They add fish sauce, which was different, but too much mayo. The sup mang cua was okay. I wouldn't recommend this place for banh mi.
It's a fun and friendly dogs park. Everyone know each other.
My girlfriend went here and came back very upset. They cut too deep into her cuticles and were very inexperienced. They were unable to put gel on! My poor baby wasted over an hour of her time and came back with nails worse than before she went.
I love this place. What a fun night out.
You get a lot of food. But quality is poor and prices are high. This place is overrated and priced too high!!!
not sure which one i hit up but there are many small groceries like this that carry a wide variety of fresh produce for cheaper than the large supermarkets. i got almost everything i needed except for the curry powder cos i don't feel like making it from scratch. the sales lady was very nice!
The Blue Burrito of Sushi..Bad sushi in a totally average environment..If you can't go to Sakana or Hiro Sushi certainly try this..
You get what you pay for (cha-ching).  Delicious.  The end.
The worst airlines to ever take. To my surprise the charge for practically everything. $50 for a carry-on, $45 for first bag to check in and goes up to over $200 to check bags in. This is insane. Oh and if your military, it doesn't matter cause they still charge.
Very happy with the service I received from Jeff.  Professional and thorough.
They advertise lunch special but they don't offer it everyday, they will still put out the lunch special sign outside of the restaurant. Bad service from waitress, promise to give my friend more meat since he doesn't want any vegetable on a dish but still come out the same as normal.
Terrible service. if we could, we would rate with no stars. If you need a cab, dont call them.
Very poor beer selection, didn't have the Sazerac rye I was looking for either. The place was not busy, but the service was terrible. I waited to check out with literally zero acknowledgement from the staff so decided to leave and take my business elsewhere.
Great room.  Good food.  Like most higher-end Vegas restaurants Eureole will give you consistantly good, not great, food.  And like most higher-end Vegas restaurants, you'll pay out the nose for it.  It's a fun place to go if someone else is paying.
This is about the worst Ross I've been to....and I've been to a LOT of them!  This is probably the largest one in CLT, but their selection is crap.  The front end never seems to be staffed well enough to handle the foot traffic on Saturdays.  Save yourself the effort and find a different location.
If you want your feet to even be somewhat smooth, do not go here. Their $25 pedicure is merely a polish change and hot water soak.
the sub was good the guy behind the counter not so good. a bit rude honestly.clean place. good music playing
The Macaroons here are wonderful! Definitely trying out other bakery next time!
This was a horrible experience. We came with a party of 20. Then it took 55 minutes just to split the checks! Enough said.
Their subs were super tasty! I loved all the different choices and the atmosphere was nice and calm. I need to come back!
I have always had good luck here. BUT other day Trish was an outstanding customer representative to me. I also overheard her handling some grumpy nasty customers. AND she did that nicely.
God awful. Prices are high for what the food was, the food is crap, and the service is okay.
This Banfield murdered my dog and refused to pay for the emergency vet bills that occurred while trying to save him. After a minor procedure the vet wrapped a bandage so tight that it prevented him from panting properly which rose his temperature and caused his death.
Great hole in the wall Ramen place! Great service and staff are very accommodating. We got our order right away which was awesome!  The wait for a table isn't too bad, if its cold just wait in your car or there are several massage places next to Monta :  ).
i have only tried the bagels and bagel sandwiches here and i go back weekly.  enough said :)
It's jard to judge Fez on the hour I spent there but the service was friendly and prompt. The Krisas we enjoyed was tasty enough and the garlic and rosemary fries were delicious.\nI will be back for a full dinner.
Friendly staff, and the product itself was pretty good (not excellent), but I feel it was way overpriced for what it was.
We went back again last night. It got better again. Food was good service was good. Still not quite as good as wen it first opened but a-ok.
I know this is just a fast food place but you still have to hold your eating establishments to higher standards. More times than not I find the food to take  a while to get and the play area is DIRTY!
Snooze Fest Zzzzzzz!  Cocktail Waitresses on the much older side...I prefer eye candy hot gals.  But great service!   Just killing time before work with friends....ran into Santa...see photo!!! Lol!!!
Their iced mocha is already enough reason for coming  back here. Its perfectly done, not too sweet with a generous amount of coffee (not watered down). Their ham and jalapeno scramble earns them 5 stars
They supposedly offer almond milk for their lattes but NEVER have almond milk! I have tried twice now, won't be trying again.
We were a party of 10 celebrating a birthday with friends from out of town. The service was so so the food was so so and they never mentioned our birthday guest even though I specifically asked when I made the reservation.  This place is off my list. There are much better places
This has to be the best service and best food ever!  We had the Crab Cakes, Lobster Ravioli and of course a cannoli... The food was amazing and the owner and his wife are very pleasant.  You can tell that all the food is hand made... No jarred food in this place.
my new favorite place just in time for summer!! The cookies were delicious, fresh, and warm and with the addition of thrifty's ice cream?!? Amazing. I look forward to coming here again soon
This is a pretty low key theme bar. I am not a country fan, but after having dinner and spending some time in here enjoying the band, I am now a fan. Maybe it was the alcochol helping, but the place is fun, and the food is actually decent. I would come here again!
Excellent service always.  Fair prices always.  Punctuality always.  Reliable always.  Over 30 of my real estate clients have used House Doctor Exterminating.  Not one complaint ever.  Highly recommended.
Awesome experience, I've only been there twice but I just moved across the street. I know I'll be in more often, they seem consistent.
Fries were not good. Burger was charred on the outside, dry inside. Good apps: wings and onion rings. Great service.
Really enjoyed this restaurant. The food was authentic to what I remember southern food was made when growing up in East Tennessee. Food  seemed to lean more towards Louisiana style southern food but nothing wrong with that. Phoenix needs this restaurant and I will be back for sure.
Never had a bad meal here. For a chain store this is by fare the best. Fresh, fast and friendly
Yes this was a 5 star, but it is closed for ever
They're not the fastest discount, but they do the job. I just want a tire rotation most of the time but they make me wait like an hour and a half. I love the discount tires where I can get a tire rotation no questions ask in 10 minutes all free. If only this place could be the same!
Hit or miss in my opinion. Sometimes there are great deals to be had, and others it's just outdated things that they are trying to sell before they go to a closeout vendor.
I really would rate this 3.5 stars.  The food was good, not great.  I honestly expected more.  My hamburger and fries were greasy.  I will say the service was very good on my visit however.
Just an update, still a 3 star buffet but this experience was a little different than last. Wait times were only 5 min minutes and the servers actually greeted us with a smile and had us seated upon entering.\n\nStandard food, I ate my 10 dollars worth.
Good service but not the best, and the hotel is old.
Steak was good service was not good, and very slow. Beautiful scenery but overall over all over priced,,, would not recommend.
Super friendly staff, super great calzone. I went with the baked spaghetti calzone which was a friends recommendation and it was really good. The 7' was the perfect size for me.
Expensive and slow service... You're better off eating fast food or grab a snack and eat outside if you can wait. Even by airport standard this was low!
Great beer, menu has something for everyone, and prices are reasonable.  What not to like.  Had the grilled pork chops -- but prepared like the new low calorie dish.  These were excellent. Great spicy sauce. Red potatoes were good too.  Abbey Normal season beer was great.
I'm surprised by some of the positive reviews this place has received. The food is horrible, and having lived near Jerusalem, let me tell you - the food here has nothing to do with Jerusalem. Just not worth going!
Beautiful Mahi, garlic mashed potatoes were fabulous, tableside salad wonderful, bartender is matched by none.  This is a gem in downtown with a classy, old world vibe to celebrate with Friends.
Expensive and small portions. \n\n\nIf there is a Fast Eddie's near you, go there instead. Great price and good portions.
This was a great place to get our 5 am cocktails on. It's a generic hotel lounge type spot, but it hit the spot.
Another great outdoor place to window shop in Scottsdale. If you're looking for good deals or sales, skip every place in Scottsdale.
Nothing very adventurous on the menu but the food was solid. I enjoyed the wedge salad and pork tenderloin.
This place is a little noisy, and food served there didn't worth its price. I don't know how it became one of the top ten restaurants in Montreal, I personally don't recommend you to go there.
Can't beat the price.  Very clean.  Great size rooms.  A very nice breakfast spread!  Pool is small but almost always empty.  Even a small gym on site!  Great deal and would definitely stay again.
3 and a half star here at most.  Good burger, but doesn't deserve 5 stars.  Nice environment and nice set up.  Workers are still learning.
Food wasn't terrible but it wasn't the best. What made the experience not so great was the service. Seemed like splitting a check due to business requirements for me set my server off and she was rude the remainder of my visit. It was super busy, so service was slow.
My favorite pizza joint in Scottsdale.
Found this place through yelp. Lives up to the great reviews. Friendly with good food! I'll be coming back a lot.
The food was great for the price. Upscale pizza. Their asparagus and mushroom appetizer was fantastic as soon as I added some balsamic vinegar. Their bread is wonderful and every person in the front of the house was smiling and ready to serve. Great management.
This place used to be wonderful, but they have seriously gone down hill in the past year. Management, service, and cleanliness are terrible. Stay away...
Big portions but food not great.
Always wanted to stop here, finally did after 6 years, could have waited 6 more.  I was disappointed. Not as good as I was hoping for.  I think it was close to $12 for a pretty small Cheese Steak.  I will bedriving by next time.
Mm? Mm
Not fun anymore. Sticky, disgusting floors. Overcrowded, musty, no space to dance or enjoy oneself. And yes OVERPRICED sugary, hardly any alcohol in it drinks. Not where I want to spend my Friday nights.
Loved the showThe hosts were hilarious and they did a great job interacting with the audiences. But unfortunately we sat right next to a moron who was whistling and scramming the entire show. It was like he hadn't seen any naked women for decades.
So we are from South Carolina where there are many Moe's restaurants. After almost a year of living in Vegas we have desperately missed the \"Welcome to Moe's\" when you walk in the door and the taste of their yummy quest dip. We are glad we can now go anytime we want I Downtown Summerlin.
Very good food! I was not disappointed. I will be returning and telling my friends. I passed by here everyday I and had to try it. The Bier brat was great. Nice quiet place, nice pictures and atmoshere
Awful.\n\nWay way wayyy understaffed. Be prepared to wait over an hour to be helped.
Terrible food and filled with drunks.  Not my bag.
I love this place. I bought my wife a ipad for christmas from here and the sales person was very nice & helpful. In fact every time I have talked to a sales person at this store they have been very informative & helpful. I plan on buying an new imac soon from here.
I went to Micky's a couple years ago, and their Sonoran hotdogs changed my life. They are so good! I get cravings for them all the time, but don't live in AZ. Life is a little hard sometimes.
My friends and I go here weekly! We don't like the \"club\" scene so we come here! The bartenders are friendly and the male ones are pretty attractive ;) You get your drinks quickly and they arent too expensive.
Awesome resort and fabulous water park!  Great for the family!
Bombass hotel rooms.  Everything was super chill except for the greasy sex hand-print stain on the headboard above my bed.  And I kept winning at the slots baby!
Stopped by here with some girlfriends when out shopping at Arizona Mills.  Noticed they also have a kiosk in the mall but we went to the actual store.  For $10 my girlfriend got her eyebrows threaded.  In 5 minutes she was transformed!  Beautiful, quick, and cheap.  Would definitely recommend!
I love this place! Like it states best burgers period! The perfect burger is AMAZING and the service is always excellent thanks Thomas! If your ever inside of Red Rock definently check out their menu!
Stopped here on a layover. Wanted to try something different than the normal fast food places. Ordered Mongolian beef, which was WAY too salty... The broc was under cooked and the chow mein just tasted like spaghetti! \nDon't go here!
Disorganized! Service slow. Hot drinks were not hot.  This used to be one of the best Starbucks around. What happened?
Good food. Kind pricey as they charge for the extras.
Awesome spot food is ok drinks are pricey but ok... The fried onion batter hotdog is great slaw had a funny taste to it. Great service
Can't be the double double. Always good food.  Quality every time. Fresh and tastes like real food. Like the shakes also.
Nice shoes, helpful staff, but pricey. Didn't find what we were looking for.
I had the chicken pesto sandwich when I went. It was pretty bland. My friend had waffles, which smelled and looked much more appetizing. I may go back to try the waffles, but won't go back for lunch or dinner.
Wonderful falafel pita wrap. Fast and friendly service, even during the Friday night dinner rush. The waitress was very attentive to my vegetarian diet, which was nice. The falafel was crispy and the pita was warm. Someone in my party had the beef, which was flavorful and very good.
Nice community, coffee served after mass in the morning which is nice and sometimes food.\n\nMass bread is a little thick.
I love Botanical Tans! Erica is great, very professional and super nice. My spray tans look great and they are healthy and chemical free which is very important to me since I have a new baby. I will never go back to auto booth tanning.
I didn't stay here...only played games here.\nI remember I sucked at the ring game and I had to pay my brother to win me a freaking doll.\n\nI remember I had a 5 finger discount on another gigantic doll and that's about it.
My husband was after me to try this restaurant, somehow i never got a good feel about it... but we finally tried, hated the food. everything tasted bad... some strange sweet svory taste that was not good. we just ate whatever we could and hurried out of there.
Had a great happy hour in the bar.  The salads are good, along with the tacos.  Sip the guacamole and cream cheese dips, very strange.  Drinks are half price, service is good.  Bonus is the live music in the bar area.
Average food.  Great concept and enjoyed my first visit.  However, the only really good item is the Red Jade Chicken.
This place sucks! Slow service, no beer knowledge, food taste like its leftover from a recent wedding
If you are looking for an authentic Italian Deli and restaurant than look no further. If you are an east coast Italian and wondering where to find a \"real\" deli than this is the place. I rarely eat Italian food in restaurants, but I'll eat here any day. Magnifico!!!
Tried this place once, small lunch buffet - really small - the vegetarian items were really salty. Service was ok, probably never coming back as there are better places to eat than here.
Restaurant is out of business.
Sam's Cafe has great breakfast food and very friendly staff at a good price.  What more can you ask for?  I had the corned beef hash with two eggs and toast - just the right amount of food.  I've heard the French Toast and pancakes are also great.
I was so excited to try it because people rave. NOT a fan. I guess if you like super sweet sauce it will be up your alley. I couldn't eat it. I will stick to Joe's pizza or Slice of Sicily, pay much less and enjoy much more.
This is the only disappointing target store I've been too. They are always under construction and its hard to get in & out of the parking lot and nothing interesting or good to eat in the shopping center. But target is still the same-good helpful and friendly service and quality stuff at a low price 100X better then Wal Mart
Great food horrible service . Make sure you have a lot of time when going in
This is one of the most conveniently located costco's in the valley.\n\nyou are walking distance from a super walmart and a super target and even a movie theater.\n\nthis costco is always crowded not just on the weekends!
Like a poor mans version of Sweet Tomatoes. Less choices and less flavor. It's pretty disappointing. Spend the extra couple bucks and drive down the street to a better salad bar, or go to a real restaurant
The last time I visited Burke Veterinary hospital was a few years ago. But since I was reviewing Vets I thought I would include this place. Anyways, what stands out in my mind was the fact that the veterinarian seemed very aloof and almost arrogant. That was enough to turn me away permanently.
Medium food, high prices, staff keeps the change.
To much money to get in. They charge $5 for adults and $1 for players. The food in ok. The fields are not that taken care of.  The one thing that makes me mad they hassle me about being in water.  I really hate this place, but this was where the club baseball tournament was today.
One of the worst hotels I have ever stated at. Dirty, terrible pool, NO WIFI. I would never stay here again and I would recommend that no one stays here.
I approve of this place. Although the food is not phenomenal, this is the best I have found across the valley so far. The food tastes authentic and there are actual Japanese people working. This place is simply at another level compared with the many fake sushi places around.
Closed in under a year.... oh well Cream was better...
i cant believe how thai food has become so expensive. its good food but its pricey and being thai i can just make these foods at home but whatever i guess ill come here when i feel like i want some traditional thai decorations.
Sounds like Christine K,'s Review is very personal and not impartial. I have had work done a Wolberts and found nothing wrong with the  service.
It's on par if not better than some of the nearby chains. Sometimes not sure of the identity they're going for.  Most things are American but the theme revolves around south west food. I like that they have non typical sides.
This place isn't much to talk about, I went there one night when I couldn't get in Haze. It is very small and the music wasn't all that great, the security was not very nice at all. They did however have really nice furniture. :)
By far the best dog in Phoenix. Hot dogs have to be my favorite food and this place does it all. Friendly people and great food.  Do yourself a favor...get the natural cut fries...best fries I have ever had. Didn't use ketchup cause I didn't want to ruin the flavor.
Went to both races this year. Great time at both events.  Cant wait until next year!
Service was excellent & food was delicious! The BLT Salad is my favorite....always cold & always tasty! Sat on the patio to enjoy the summer evening but was afraid service would not be as good. What a pleasant surprise to have some of the best service I've ever had!
Great place to enjoy your afternoon after work. I used to go all the time then they changed the calamari from giant legit ones to tiny pieces of breading so I stopped going. I probably won't go back till they change that back. Other than that, the place has great food!
Used drive thru and when trying to explain my order a very rude and snobby teenage girl wouldn't let me finish speaking. You sell a service at least put on a fake smile and be pleasant to talk to . A lot of people need a job be grateful you have one
Kind of made me feel like I was sitting in my Aunt's kitchen back in the 40's except for the 80's hairdos on the cook and waitress...and that's not a bad thing.  Homey, comfortable, a decent, basic, simple place...nothing wrong with that.
Excellent hair dresser by the name of yogi definitely would do a great job with color on your hair.
Totally authentic. Splendid.
meh.  steak is not usually a 'good deal' at a restaurant, so I set the bar high.  neither was the steak perfect, nor the atmosphere 'wonderful' nor the service 'great', it was all just 'okay'. and rather expensive
Don't let the neighborhood turn you off - this is the BEST BBQ in Phoenix! Totally back to basics BBQ - no fancy fusion food here!\n\nTry: Everything
I have nothing but good things to say about this grocery & deli. The food is AMAZING. The service is GREAT! Wouldn't change a thing! I love going there!
Great place  . My favorite steak reaturant in Pittsburgh . The bar area could be bigger . The valet's were professional and quick .
friendly and fast! but they are in need of a remodel.
Ambience is nice but food is overpriced and not so good. I ordered the turkey avocado sandwich and an apple juice and it came out to be $14. The bread was stale the taste disappointing. I will never return for food....
This place is my favorite JM location. Super friendly staff, and they are very fast. The subs are very tasty and hit the spot. Keep up the work guys- you are appreciated.
This place was awesome. We went to a fancy pants steak house the night before and the meal was triple the price and this place was 100 times better. It is reasonably priced and if you can get a seat outside you get to see the water show across the street. I will always go here when in Vegas.
The food was disgusting. The service was inadequate. I fail to understand the point of even being open. There is a Pizza Hut across the street. Do yourself a favor and eat there. I was hungry when I left and angry that I just wasted the money.
Very hometown feel in this place. I came here to check out the open mic they have on Thursday nights. And it was great environment and cheap drinks! Great combo!\n\nCan't wait to go back!
Meh. It was ok.  I wasn't really impressed with this place. The food was ok and the service was ok, but it wasn't great.  The location certainly isn't great. I may take my family to see what they think and update my review since it was just mediocre.
The pizza needs work......If the owners is reading this Please work on the pizza to get it better. Had also the roast beef which was very good.\n\nThis place is known for outstanding sandwiches and does a nice job on that. Service is attentive.
Fresh and delicious!  Try the spinach roll!  The place is small and nothing fancy but don't let that stop you. Prices are good and the food is great. It is very close to UMC medical center if you need to grab a quick bite to eat.
A good dinner option at the Rio.  I enjoyed my chicken noodle pho, and my friends enjoyed the bbq pork and pork bahn mi.  Dinner was reasonably priced too especially if you have a Rio card.  I was glad to find this place!
Meh.... Not bad. Not goooood though.  This is cheap college campus Mexican food where you get a LOT of food really fast for a small price.  The quality is there but this place is in no danger of taking home a \"Best Mexican Food in Tempe\" award.
Just ok...cute atmosphere, friendly staff, but really nothing special about the donuts.  I was expecting a lot more, I guess!
I've been here twice.  The service is great; the margaritas are great; the food sucks.  Both times my meals tasted like an old shoe.  I'm not sure how they get that exact flavor in the food on two separate occasions but it is not good.  Two strikes you're out.
One of my favorite night clubs anywhere. I prefer Sundays or Mondays versus Friday or Saturday, slightly more sophisticated crowd. \nThe music and atmosphere are allways great.
This Starbucks has excellent customer service! Plus they are super speedy too :) love this place
Extremely good and authentic. I doubt the owners are chinese or korean. The workers are mostly japanese believe it or not and as far as the food itself is GREAT im definitely going back i love it it also feels like youre in japan by the way its set up
Old tv's, no football package, small selection of beer, and very small selection of cocktails. Service was so so..headed back to the tequila bar right down the way!
Good service. Tandoori chicken was delicious with a little bit of kick. The sauce that came with it wasn't impressive but not bad. The lamb biryani was very tasty--moist and flavorful.
Honestly the worst service I have had in Pittsburgh. Some McDonald's are better. No greeting, no water, then no refills. The food was cold and so uninteresting.
One of the best buffet I've ever been to.  They no longer have the King crab selection at a reduced price but the quality of food is still very good.  I like the roast beef but I tired every station and was not dissappointed.
College hottie servers and spring break in Mexico atmosphere.  I am sure this place starts jumping well after I have left.  Looks like every bar did in every college town in the late 80s and 90s that I have ever done damage in.
What does a taco place and a live DJ have in common at 11:00 am on a Sunday? Absolutely nothing. And the ordering process looks like Terminal D at McCarran.
Fine dining Mexican! Love the pomegranate mojitos and the complimentary warm, fire roasted salsa. Highly recommends the fish tacos with cilantro-lime rice and black bean dip as side dishes. \n\nVery friendly towards kids with a big kid and small kid menu.
solid, quick, and cheap. long lines during lunch.
Love this place!  From Arizona to Tennessee I have visited and never had a bad meal! Good ole' comfort food! The tastiest food. Great presentation, they care! Hot syrup! Seperate plates for eggs & pancakes, Frosty mugs for milk.  Fun shopping while you wait or after you eat!
Just OK for lots of money. Service was very good, food was nothing special. Butter was rock solid, not spreadable. I would look for another seafood restaurant before ever going back to this one.
Good burritos. The queso sauce is pretty good with chips.
Still great as ever.
I'm definitly lovin it. If I just happen to be in the area, (which I am mostly) good for something quick and efficient.
I'm traveling for some corporate training this week, so I had to have my business suit and a dress dry cleaned.  I have to say that they did a good job and were pretty prompt.  I've been very satisfied with this place in all the years I've been coming here.
Great breakfast spot, lunch spot, top-notch customer service and yes, decent non-Starbuckian Iced Coffee!\n\nFor breakfast, I suggest Lemon Ricotta short stack...\nFor lunch, Chicken Pomegranate Pistachio salad...
The Thai tea slush with boba was so good I've been craving it for the past 24 hrs and went back again today...\n\nCustomer service was much, much better today.
I love Anthropologie. Every location I find great clothes, but this location is probably my favourite. It is huge, they have a giant sale section, and they're right by the Green Valley Resort & Casino! Good way to spend those winnings.
Wait 20 mins for an elliptical. The weights are limited and they don't have a lot of machines. Oversold memberships. I just closed my over priced membership and joined fitness connection where everything is new and only 10 bucks a month. The Y is overrated.
Nice selection of clothing.  Could use more in regards to shoes but close to a Miami feel to it.  Staff is pleasant, slow to see if you need anything which I like.  Let me breathe.  I'll ask you if I need help. Others please take note.
This place well exceeds my 3 criteria for awesomeness.  Quality Taste, Quantity, and great price!  Definitely a winner.
The worst service and slowest employees I've ever seen. Tons of Hertz reps lurking around, line keeps on getting bigger & bigger - no one even bothers to consider opening another counter. Its an embarassing service. I would give it zero stars if I could.
The service was top notch, both the bartender and waitress were very accommodating.  The oysters were as fresh as the staff recommended, however the main course and desert were completely lackluster.  The steaks were barely adequate, and my date's filet was tough as cardboard.
Good food and we received great service by the team led by Christine! Best server I've had in months!
I will skip this place next time I am in the area.  Staff?  Don't get me started!  Everything, including the food is overrated.
One of the best shows I've seen in Vegas.  The stunts are fantastic and all the water effects are unique from any other show.  Definitely worth checking out.
Hands down worst Starbucks experience ever.  They simply have no idea what they are doing.
Authintic tacos and Carne Asada (Steak) fries, SO DELICIOUS! I love this place!!!!
Service has been only okay all three times we came here. Order was wrong 3/3 times. General manager gave me a free drink, but with a poor attitude; that doesn't make up for $20 of mistakes. We will no longer come here. Also, $9 for egg, cheese and a bagel? Too much.
Four tacos is too many! Nice avocado on each taco. I prefer the shrimp taco to the taco al pastor but both are good. For a fast food outlet the atmosphere is pleasant. Agua fresca drinks are refreshing - try the mango and cucumber flavors.
This location is your standard Bojangles fare. Good food. Once you get inside past the panhandlers that are at the front door on occasion.
There's many places to get a sandwich and a select few that slice the meat fresh like Goodcents. Great eats and they have a great loyalty program where you buy 9 and get 1 free.\n\nMy favorite is either the Penny club or Italian.
I usually go to the Black Bear Diner for breakfast when visiting Vegas.  The bear murals are fun kitsch, the portion sizes are huge, and the prices are inexpensive compared to the Strip.
Some of the best coffee I've ever had.  Only thing that takes them down is the price.
huge fan of middle eastern food! love the lamb, rice and house salad! soooooo freakin good. I have no idea how they make the dressing for the salad but it is so fantastic! A++ for food quality, customer service , and prices. Will be coming back soon!
This is a very small airport. It has 2 beautiful outdoor courtyards.
facility nice-- staff- minimal training is my guess. Worst massage I have every had-- mostly an oil application and therapist had B.O.\n\nWill not return
Good bar...great bartenders.
$4 dollar burger special Monday nights! Beer and drinks are a bit overpriced, but the week night specials are worth it.
Spacious!\n\nNice servers and friendly hostess. \n\nBathrooms are clean.\n\nThe calamari was really good, especially paired with a sweet sauce.\n\nThe end.
Pam & Nibblers saved me!  Last minute office luncheon and they were able to put together a great menu. Prompt service and set-up, with everything you need and/or can think of.  (try the grilled veggies, flank steak ...everything.!!)
Food was delicious but overpriced. Service was friendly. Their very limited menu did not offer shakes and malts which was disappointing.  Their dinning environment was uncomfortable for such high prices.
Best show in Vegas, been there three times and would go again... Super funny and great show..
I only got a slurpee type drink here, but it was a good drink and I got to mix flavors.
the price is unbeatable as mentioned earlier. $5 for a hot and ready one topping pizza. They are consistently good, their dough is the best in our town. Plus it's always convenient.
No one speaks English.  Place is disgustingly dirty.  Service it terrible along with the food.  We had papusas which were good and quesdilla which was good. But I am afraid now for food poisoning.   We will never go back there again.\nAnd yes I was sick later that day From the food
Theresa was in direct violation of the ADA act. Some people need to read up on it before discriminating against veterans with service dogs
sooo not appetizing to eat when there are a DOZEN flies hovering over me...barf!
Feels like a small town watch repair shop.  Simple solutions to seemingly complex problems.  Refreshing.  I highly recommend.
Just rolled in to get a quick small vanilla milkshake, which was pretty good size for 2 bucks. The milkshake itself just tasted like plain soft serve ice-cream, but I honestly wasn't expecting much to begin with. Nothing special, nothing bad really.
I don't care what part of town you live in... make the drive. this store is the best. this is not young kids selling smoking supplies. These are conosueres who accualy give a shit about their product and
I HAD A SEVERE CASE OF FOOD POISONING from one of their sandwiches yesterday.  The cooking oil is old and the foods aren't properly refrigerated.
Average food. There are only 1 or 2 even worth hitting up.
This cafe rio is the worst I've been to. The workers are rude & the rice was just so dry, we had to pick out the driest grains.
FOOD OK, clean? NOT! the floor and restrooms needed alot of help. Dont care to ever go back, but the kids like it.
Everything about the gas tank reviews and upselling negative feedback happened to me. This company does a low price bait and switch by upselling. I was tricked into the prepaid gas option as well. Will not use this firm again.
Awesome place if you like your hair looking like you are 8 years old. Disappointing.
Amazing dinner and ambiance!  Excellent service!  We will be back! Loved the live music on Saturday night.. Both of our meals were cooked to perfection!
Food is decent. Service is slow if you can call it service. Waits of 30 minutes from ordering to arrival of your food is not uncommon.  Sadly, I can't write a positive recommendation for this restaurant.
This place serves the best burger I have ever had. It's a hip joint with a great menu and amazing quality food. No weaknesses.\n\nGo for the Delux Burger with sweet taters (and extra helpings of aioli).
Great place with a driving range next door and gyms nearby,  I like staying here as it is a lower cost Marriott property with a good location for my sales calls,  The room I am in now has cathedral ceilings and ample room.  Also a microwave and small fridge,
You have to try this place! It's a must!\n\nI like the coffee and the atmosphere. Everything in this place is perfect!
I was born and raised here in Las Vegas and have been coming to this park for 20+ years. All I can say is this park as done a complete 360! Great job Clark county!!
The service was very slow despite the long line and the food did not taste fresh at all.  I was lacking options but I should have just gone to the smoothies place.
Ate here for lunch...food was decent, but the service was terrible. Took about 45 min to get our food once we ordered and it wasn't even busy. Also not good for small kids since they do not have high chairs available.
Tried out this new deli to the neighborhood and I quite enjoyed it. I had the godmother, good amount of ingredients and very fresh. The staff here are very pleasant. \n\n*serves coke products
Great food
Fresh and delicious for lunch or dinner.  The vegetable burger is a personal favorite.  Big location so the wait is minimal, if any, and the service is always amazing.  Full bar and great selection of house made vodkas. Reasonably priced too.
Disappointed that the host didnt take pictures and that the party bus was like a limo with no pole. Recommend party bus tours lasvegas, way better time and tons of pictures taken!
A bit awkward. Kind of like the snack bar at a summer camp. Very nice people in there and the drinks were good. Decor was lacking, but I cant fault it much for that.
General to chicken not real spicy without asking works for us but the broccoli garnish was frozen...Curry is fine for casual dining....\nWould repeat for the lunch special probably. ..
The food here is decent. The bread sticks are really yummy! It is good for large groups. They deliver for $2.50. The pizza is big which is always a plus.
Much smaller place than I expected. Nevertheless, my cappuccino was right on! And the service was very friendly with smiles. We didn't try the food today and sadly there was no maple bacon muffin.
The pastries are works of art .... We almost hate to bite into them since they are all so beautiful. The croissants are delicious also. I have suggested this bakery to numerous friends and EVERYONE has been impressed with the beauty and quality. A true GEM!
Great food! Impressed by the freshness of ingredients...I will definetely recomended.
I would be in serious trouble if I lived in Charlotte.  This place is fantastic and good for another 20 lbs on a local yokel.  I had the marinated steak for dinner and a standard breakfast for, well, breakfast.  Everything was excellent.  There are not many restaurants where you must stand in line to get out, but you do here.
My first time here and it was a good experience. They carved all the meats and the cheese to order. I ordered the roast beef and it was great quality. The only downside is that they didn't have many condiments for their sandwiches.
This location just opened. One of the best Mongolian places I've ever eaten in. Hoping they put one closer to me.
This is going to be a quick one.\n\nTHE NICEST AND BEST PLACE TO STAY IN VEGAS!  All the rooms are suites and the service here is amazing.
Good atmosphere but bad food and service. The $60 Steak I ordered was burned and we had to wait another 30 minutes for a second one. The waiter never apologized for the inconvenience.
Best Thai food in Charlotte
This is a great place!  As long as you come in with the mindset that these are students in a learning environment, it's so amazing!!  The services take a little longer, but so worth it for the great prices and students!  They are professional, talented, and the facility is so beautiful!  5 stars!
Supper good food. I went 3 times last week. They have a ton of selection. The bread that has cream cheese and ham was so so so so good. Ummmmmm
Nice. Not bad. The continental breakfast is better balanced than a lot I've had. Wish the pool was open a little later though.
Very PURPLE d\u00e9cor / zebras \ngood customer service \nget to try free samples of the mixed drinks \nthey have non-alcoholic / alcoholic mixes \npretty tasty
Old school breakfast. $4.95 - two eggs, livermush and heaping hash browns!   24 hr!  What's not to love?
Not surprisingly, it appears this place has closed down.\n\nWorst. Service. Ever.
Came to Vegas with the fam and some other family. Food, nasty. Selection, nasty. price, nasty. Im not 21, so honestly food and shopping is the only things worth going to vegas for... so yeah.
I really enjoy relaxing after a busy day trooping in and out the shops of Edinburgh with a nice big glass of wine or a G&T. The best time to go is Christmas. The interior is awesome with all the decorations up and there is a great buzz about the place. Always friendly and welcoming which is rare in such a huge place.
Cookie dough blizzards & mint Dilly bars, 'nuff said!
Came here for a car wash and they did a wonderful job cleaning my car. They do take a lot longer then other car washes but once you get your car back you will see why. They are so detailed and make sure and not miss any spots. \n\nGreat car wash I will definitely be a regular here.
This is a sports bar with the basic menu you would expect from such offerings.  The fries are good, but everything else is just blah.  The biggest offense is that this sports bar has dated tvs that are losing their picture.
Love this place! Great sushi and Korean. Although I mostly go for the sushi
Excellent pizza, especially if your used to east coast pizza.  The crust is amazing, toppings are good, service is nice
I would absolutely recommend this! Service was great & the food even better!!! Never had to wait for our food!! You get what you pay for here!!!
Great service! The lobster pot pie is the best, although it is a bit pricey($85 when I had it during Xmas dinner). We also ordered the surf n turf as the main course which also taste marvelous! Love it!
All you can eat was unbelievable and the price for it is the best in town. Favorite roll was the 4 of a kind; and don't be afraid to try something new. They have a wide variety of things to choose from and this is honestly 1 of the best sushi spots in town
food = good\nservice = nonexistent\nliterally did not see our waitress\nstill trying to flag someone down so we can pay and leave haha
The Best Part of my vacation at Vegas was discovering Chronic Tacos at the Palms......The Tacos were Delicious
The food was great, the service was excellent, the place was clean, and i really enjoyed the fresh ambiance.\nThe only problem was they didn't  pre bus my table.
Great pizza and the restaurant is ok too. They have some really good veteran servers too! Too bad they don't deliver to Nun's Island.
THE place that I went for a nice conversation + cocktail combo in the 'burgh. Great atmosphere, great drinks, great food. Ahh, Soba. If only all Pittsburgh restaurants could be like you, the world would be a better place.
Simply amazing breakfast!!\n\nPecan crusted French toast\nChorizo eggs\nBreakfast burrito and\nFruit parfait\n\nExcellent smoothies!!!\n\nAll fresh, gluten free options, great staff!
Cool people  server (Jen I think her name is is fucking awesome love her) except one late night bar tender tall and skinny dude (Rick I think) never came to a bar and got really drunk than over charged like twice my order not a fan of that shit who does that WTF seen bad yelps about him already should have trusted them
Excellent service and staff. Very clean facility. I was extremely happy with the care I received and would highly recommend this NextCare.
This is Lola's coffee with a new a new sign and ruder people.  My coffee was awful.  Thank goodness is was just an espresso shot, so the pain was short lived.  I felt I was taking medicine.  The place has not changed much.  It could have potential, but I don't need to come back.
Place is Closed down.
I am not really a huge fan of the food, but I give it three stars for the beer selection. They even had Cold Mountain!
They have good Vietnamese sandwiches and refreshing Thai Tea with boba.  The service is good but you must remind the cashier if you want to redeem any specials they have for she won't automatically do it for you.
I knew it would be flavorless and overpriced and it was, The Pho was devoid of anything called flavor, service was meh but we were captive in the Hotel and there was no line. Drag yourself off the strip and head up Spring Mountain road if you want real Chinese food, this is a complete waste of money
Everything I have had here has been good.  That especially goes for the bulgogi fries and fried rice.  Decently priced and the hot sauce is incredible.
I was pretty disappointed in 1947 Tavern.  It really felt like they were trying to be hard to be trendy and cool.  I had the mac, cheese and spare ribs and they were really only so so.  The pasta was a little undercooked for my liking and the spare ribs were dry and low on flavor.  Otherwise the place was pretty standard.
Great atmosphere and fun! Overpriced food. Balloon artist was great but our waitress was on the nasty side. Had to wait a half hour to run my card that she didn't care to do.
Good atmosphere, tasty food. This is a fun place to grab a bite to eat and watch a game or two. Decent drink specials - they do a Wednesday night beer roulette.
Go on a weekday. The last few times I have gone have been very rushed and the job was half ass. Maybe my expectations are high but for $15 I expect the dirt to be vacuumed and wiped off and not just coated with armor all and rubbed around. I also expect the exterior to be clean without large swathes missed.
This place was super boring .. I wouldn't go back... U can't smoke weed lol \nBut super boring here
Was visiting from Philadelphia and someone next to me on the plane recommended this place and I loved it! Everything was cooked perfectly. Tasted like home cooking to me.
Very reasonable in price. A lot of kids stuff. And they have the nice arena. A lot of machines that pay out. And great cafe open late. A lot of low limit tables as well.
Five star entertainment......funny, raunchy, breathtaking, exciting, brilliant...worth every penny to be be dazzled by brilliance for 90 minutes...GO SEE THIS SHOW...that is all
Mmmmmk so I went to Shane Co \n\nStaff are stuck up and to busy to help you. Will I go back nope no noppie.
Food was okay it earned the 2 stars. The wait staff is horrible. Had to ask for silverware, had to ask for napkins and I had to walk up my cup for a refill.
yummy, great late night eats
SO yummy. My kobe beef burger was TASTY and my alcoholic milkshake (with egg nog gelato, Makers Mark, and gingersnaps) exactly hit the spot. Highly recommend.
5 stars for 4 star service ? Why because all fast food places have their issues. This location is no different. The advantage? Management makes the difference. I eat here too much and when I have had issues not only have they made it good but they've implemented some course of action to do something to make headway for the next time.
Romper Room on meth.
Worst HD Service Dept ever seen. Totally wrecked my bike and technician damages are not covered under extended service contracts. Management avoidance of dealing with me poor excuses for everything.  Don't even rate a star but lowest you can give.
Had the shrimp with tomatoes and onions.  Sauce was delcious but the shrimp was definitely frozen and just OK.  Enjoyable but nothing too special.
Love the happy hour here!! Mussels, little necks, oysters you name it
I've had better....a lot better.
To the owner, I know your reviews have not been very good, so here is what I am suggesting give me a free lap dances( as long as it is not Suzy Q) and I will write you a great review. And I agree since I have only spent a half hour in your establishment.
Beautiful waterside setting contrasted by tasteless eggs, greasy hash browns and weak coffee
Best steak (filet) I've had in some time. This included Donovan's and Ruth Chris. Can't beat the prices which include sides and not a la carte.
Staff is wonderful. Attentive and knowledgable. Food is made with care and love. They won best in Vegas for years. They have all the standard chinese food and some unique dishes as well. More people should support this place. Try it and tell your friends.
When I entered this place I was confused if they were open or not. I had to walk around to find a server. I only stayed because I was meeting friends for brunch. The server was nice but messed up everyone's order. \nI won't even get started on the disappointment in the food.
Yuck, just spent $35 for a lousy spinach salad, a side of bread and a glass of wine. The salad dressing was gross. The dressing had separated and was more of a jelly. I will not be back.
Maybe it was just a bad day, but it was absolutely horrible...  The lady who was helping me to open an account was not friendly at all.  No smile or anything!  She acted like if she wanted to go home, so I left and went to Bank of America.  They made my day!!!
Food is ok . It has nice patio and decor, friendly stuff. I do not understand  why it's so busy all the time......
The food is delicious!\nMezzes, Manti (Mini ravioli in labn\u00e9), Menemen (Turkish omelette) & hand made fresh bread!\nService is ok!\nPricing is reasonable!
There are good things about this place.  It is a great place to watch a game and the staff seems to care.  The menu is good and the food seems flavorful for a bar. My problem with this place is the last few times we have been there, the food is cold coming to my table.  I hate cold food.
When there were only two other people in line, and one person dining in I should have known it was just OK. The service was very slow, somewhat rude, and the turkey wrap was nothing to write home about. Not my 1st choice when it comes to a turkey wrap. Will pass next time.
Very reasonably priced and a higher quality pedicure than I expected.  I will be returning.
Expensive but terrible food! The lamb pasta recommend to me tasted worse than the lamb I could get from a mediocre Indian fast food restaurant, and the noodle need to be boiled longer. The restaurant right next to it is much better
Love torrid but just wish their prices were cheaper!!! But when they have sale items..they are affordable :) the staff at this location are always friendly and upbeat girls!
Here for trivia night on Tuesday night. Love me some Christina but they are way under staffed. It took almost an hour to get out food. Good food but this is ridiculous.  We had to go to the bar to order drinks. They need to get some help in here or people will stop coming!
Passing through Charlotte and happened to find this gem. Food was great atmosphere really nice and our waitress Iris was fantastic! Thank you
I ate there last weekend while on vacation. It was amazing...I wish I could go there every weekend.
We went for breakfast. It was okay. Mediocre. The crepes were delicious though!
great!
Service is great. Food is average for a diner. Coffee is poor. The scrambled eggs are surprisingly bad- do they use real eggs or Sysco refrigerated liquid egg product? Next time I go, I'll be watching. Or hammered.
1st time here and my gosh so very pricey...I couldn't even use any of the discounts they offered online or in Yelp. These $25 cupcakes better be good & worth it. :-/ Bad service & advertisement.
Best affordable food in Vegas! I tried the Montague and the Caribbean Chicken Jerk. The Montague was a 4/5 and the Jerk was a 5/5. This is a MUST STOP for every complete Vegas trip.
Expensive.\n\nGave me bubble guts.  Gave the person I went to lunch with bubble guts.\n\nI think not.
Decent Xiao Long Bao and Hakow!!! A little too expensive for what it is, but it is convenient to get food here eater than eating Chinese food in China Town
Went for breakfast recently and had a great time! The services was very friendly and attentive. I had the french toast and fresh berries and it was perfect! Slightly sweetened but crunchy. It was wonderful and I will be returning for brunch again soon!
I ordered the Cajun Combination and it was AWESOME. If your close by you have to check this place out, if your not close by you need to make the time to go here!
I have been here several times and the customer service is always great. The food is large portions however, most of the dishes I only love a few of the items including the chicken pot pie, chocolate cake and red velvet cupcake. The happy hour menu during football games it is a pretty good value especially the widow maker burger for five dollars.
A good stop on the St Pattys Day pub crawl.
Went in over the weekend looking for a New York style breakfast. The meal exceeded all expectations. The bagels were fresh, the lox reminded of NYC and the ambiance was exactly what I was looking for. I love this place!
The burger was great and we had excellent customer service. Friday's are very busy. This is a great place for families.
We went to see Murray on Friday and we're still talking about it. This guy is quick witted and his magic is fantastic. We loved the entire show and will definitely going back. A must see for anyone.
Nice if they have what you're looking for.  Limited selection can be a plus or a minus.
OK so this is not the place to stay for sure.. We had a ton of issues .. The 1st room no heat  , then it was dirty, then the next room was old and smelly.. I will say the staff was ok . They are better places to stay for sure.
Very cool place...huge number of craft and local beers available in their beer is good too.  Very fun and a little different from most other bars (which is good)...and a nice place to take others when visiting Phoenix...
I'm in Sun City visiting my mom, and apparently this is a favorite of she and her husband. I'm absolutely stunned, as they usually have decent taste. Thus place was truly terrible.  The only redeeming quality was that it was relatively clean.
Nice big suite at a competitive price. 10 minute walk to both the basketball arena and the baseball stadium. Right smack in the middle of downtown with plenty of bars and restaurants literally a few feet away. No new to rent a car of drive your own, everything is near. Can't wait to come again during season.
I knew the mango margaritas would be good, but I was amazed at how wonderful the tilapia was!! Flaky and fresh and not over-battered...I highly recommend trying it!!
I can't go to Vegas without having breakfast at Bouchon at least once.  The Bread Pudding French Toast is one of my favorite dishes on the planet.  The place is nice, the service is always excellent.
I thought food was ok.  Medium quality compared to a resturant.  It's expensive on the weekends.  I prefer to skip the buffet & go to stand-alone.  You'll eat less and save some money.
Customer service was excellent!! Jim took care of my care good! Was out real quick..  I've gone to other places and service was bad. At least here they talk to you! Will be back in the future..
bottom of my pizza was good. margherita pizza was delicious but crust was burnt
I didn't have to pay. The food was amazing... I was plastered on saki bombs half way through, so I don't remember much. It must have been a good time.
New owners took over.  The pizza sucks now!
Very large portions. Easy for couples to share. The lemonade mimosa is flavorful. Don't arrive hungry in May be a long wait. You have to order sage  chicken and waffles.
It was free.  But yuck.
Quality service, quality food, reasonably priced, and the back patio is so much fun for a classy girls night out!  The interior of the house is dark and romantic for date nights.
Not a bad breakfast. It was pretty good. They have a nice variety. A very nice fruit bar. Good coffee. Everything was always stocked. The staff is friendly. I'd come back.
this place is amazing. Every item we have gotten here has been awesome, including the veggie panini
I had to come in to get my crown adjusted and they saw me right away without hassle.\n\nThanks Guys!!
Horrible customer service... Gave me run around 3 times while attempting to exchange a system. I'll take my business else where.
Terrible.  shrimp small and not peeled or de headed. I came to eat not to catch and clean.   Drinks are small and way over priced.   Food did come out fast and restaurant looks nice
Great little place for a quick bite. Faster than table service but slower than fast food. The turkey & Swiss was excellent. The baguette was my favorite so fresh and perfect.  The pastry was delicious as well.   This is inside the Paris casino/hotel.  I only wish we had checked this place out a day earlier for breakfast!
good food, good drinks, good times
Good stacks, good space, good people. Quan is quick with a hello and desk staff is friendly. I started up just as it became Spectrum, no issues, no complaints from me. New equipment is on the way though not really needed. A real gym doesn't need tvs on every treadmill. Highly recommend Spectrum.
We sat back stage. Very loud and distracting. \n\nI had a great glass of Cabernet  but my entree was more of a sample. I had the pork belly. It was very tasty just small portion. \n\nOne trip here was enough for me.
One of My Best Meal so Far!!!!  Love the Ambiance . Great for First Date...!!!
I got my hair done at this place and I left that place looking like I was ready to play bingo. I gave them a 2 star cause maybe they can do a better job if you tell them exactly what you want. For now, I think I am ok. I will have to go somewhere else to get my hair done
About what I would expect for the price range and ambience. The draft beer selection is awesome and I can always find something satisfying. The Orange Spice chicken wings are surprisingly excellent, however I wish they would trim down their menu selection and instead just have fewer items that they make very well.
I don't think the price is worth it. Don't get me wrong the food was good. But for the price, it should be awesome. I say either lower the price or increase the quality of the food.
Placed an order for delivery and needed to repeat myself numerous times. When I got my pizza half of it was soggy because the box was wet. The pizza didn't even taste very good.  Definitely overpriced and not worth it. Won't order from here again.
Levi, answered immediately & was at my house within two hours. He was fast & efficient & very reasonable. I would highly recommend him!
This place is awful, I had a 3:30 appointment, it is 4:40 and I still haven't been seen. Stay away from this place!
Very nice hotel. The room was very clean and the staff was nice. Would defiantly stay here again
The staff here are extremely personable and friendly. The room was big enough to accommodate my 7 family members and was really comfortable. The goodie bag was filled with lots of great stuff too! Overall, we were extremely pleased with our experience and recommend it to anyone looking for a great ultrasound place!
Cool  atmosphere happy hour not bad.. Fish tacos are pretty Delish will come back again. Close to stadium which is nice for game day
Good food and good service, and right by the house....
Items ordered:\n\nPho tai: tasty\n\nThe regret: 3 buns for $10\n- braised pork was so tiny and all fat\n- they will push that item on you. STAY AWAY!
Food was excellent as was the setting. I had super service till after the entree and then the waiter never returned. It was such an abrupt contrast to the attentiveness I had received that I'm rating a 3 star. No one asked about coffee and I waited  forever to get my check.
OK diner\n\nStandard diner with a huge breakfast menu that you can order from all the time.  Nothing special or different from similar chains, except maybe more dated decor.  HUGE portions will appeal to some and seems to cater to the older crowd.\n\nFine options, but nothing special.
Done with this place, first few times it was cool, our last visit the band was so loud you can't hear the rest of your party.  They refused to split our bill, and we saw our waitress about 3x for a party of 10.  She brought beers to the table even when we said no more.  DONE!
We waited 1hr for our food. It was packed when we went. We also were behind parties of 6 and 7. The food was really good and we were not in a hurry. For us it was worth the wait. One thing I don't like is the Orange juice was small and no refills for $2.59.
Some times that place is soooo freaking loud.  The food is always consistent.  Not necessarily overwhelmingly good, but consistent.  Comparable to Fuddruckers, although I like Fudd's pickles better.  Fuddruckers changed their pickles so at best, it's a dead heat.
Teriyaki bowl is a must. California rolls are really nice! Much cheaper than Irvine... Goodbye. Las Vegas!
Nothing special unless you like desserts. Went here for New Year's Day was not impressed. Food was cold and not fresh. I was hoping of getting some fresh oysters but was disgusted when I saw that the oysters were dry and old. Very little section.
So dirty I was afraid to take my shoes off. Is there a way to give a quarter star?
This is the only Starbucks in my neighborhood so I go here by default. Friendly enough staff but they are consistently sooooo slow :(
Awesome food!  We walked all over, and this place had only a few minutes wait, we sat right next to the fountain 'outside' (inside the Forum) - Really nice.  We had 3 different pastas and all 3 were fresh and done very well.
Lunch today. Very impressed. Fun atmosphere. Great service and food. Shrimp appetizer was outstanding. Gumbo solid and enjoyed the shrimp po boy. Not sure about the dinner menu but lunch prices very reasonable.
Fabulous job!  We cannot say enough good things about the crew that was sent over. Professional and courteous and thorough!  Thank you!!
Service horrible! One one elevators works in every section. I could piss harder than the water pressure in the bathroom. Couldn't get a parking spot even in valet. This place is a piece is a total piece of crap!
Rude & slow customer service, dirty cars, not worth saving a few $$$.
We were just looking for some healthy Asian food to eat not too far off the freeway. But (and I say this having lived in Thailand for a few years) I will be back. The red curry and phad Thai were fabulous, chicken-rice soup solid and service wonderful. Had lunch, so dinner will have to be next
.....ya know, I should have known better! never settle for less cuz your in a hurry.
As long as the Devil's are winning, I'll be a happy camper.  I always just ride my bike here so that I dont have to deal with traffic.  Not really any 'bad' seats in the house.  Always a blast!  (Just wish they would stop hiking up ticket prices...)
Selection of specialty and regular items is quite good. BUT, the layout, checkout and parking lots are literally the worst clusterfuck I've seen outside of New Delhi. Not bad after hours but those hours are pretty narrow.
Terrible. Just Terrible. \n\nAwful service. Comically horrible band. Way too many TVs. Music too loud and dumb. \n\nSolid beer selection though
The gorgonzola NY strip is amazing!!!!
Great happy hour!!!  You can't beat the price.
Typical bar food except it's not very good.
Amazing! So far the Works is my favorite: biscoff, strawberries, and cream. The cream is very thick and creamy :) The biscoff is delicious! Not cheap but so good and very filling. And super friendly people that work there. Love this truck!
Love this place. Anybody who throws up any of La's food just isn't accustomed to ethnic spice.
Staff at checkout is unhelpful. I will drive out of my way to another store. Woman up front did not want to even get out of her chair, and spoke with a nasty smirk.
The food is actually pretty good. I've only had the chicken teriyaki bowl and it's delicious. The place doesn't look very clean though and the girl that took my order could probably work on her customer service skills but I'd go back for the food for sure.
Best buffet! It's always an interesting experience. For buffet food, the food is very high quality.
Quiet place, good sushi, not a great atmosphere, not crowded, suishi not rolled very tight, but I will go back.
Should you end up here on a Saturday night, my advice is this; look at your pint, look at the floor, look at the ceiling. Whatever you do, don't make eye contact with any of the bottom feeders in this place, a bottle in the face is their way of saying \"hello\"...
There was mold on my daughters pizza. I called and told them and there only response was to tell me to call back tomorrow because there was no manager on duty... I left my contact info and was never called.
Just simple...not affordable for a student budget!! Nice to look around and compare who is more creative than who...and of course to snack the dips, balsamic oils, jellies and similar!
Beware, I was shocked to find out they charge a delivery fee for each item. I ordered 3 sandwiches and was charged $4.09 delivery. That's $1.36 ea. Ridiculous, almost the cost of a sandwich.
Just ordinary Mexican food. The salsa they brought for the chips were good, but the appetizers were just so-so. The enchiladas were ok, but the rice and beans tasted dull. Good enough, but nothing special.
Stopped going due to service and overcrowded eating area. Food is fine, typical IHOP. Service is worst of the eateries in Whitehall area. Better service and Wi-Fi next door.
Friendly, fast (when I was there) and decent greasy spoon.  Love the ladies cooking up breakfast on weekday mornings!
My girlfriend and I went on the tour this past weekend and it was SO much fun.  We got into 3 clubs with out waiting and it was DA BOMB.  And the party bus was a awesome, free drinks and stripper poles what else!!
irs ok
Meh.  It's so/so.  I don't know that there are any really good teriyaki joints in town any more.
i like their lavender milk tea as well as their earl grey milk tea. i like how they're piping hot.
The wait staff were non-existent, the food was atrocious, the mixed drinks weren't drinkable, and the atmosphere was filthy. What more can I say? Ick.
A great selection of all things tasty!  This is the perfect place to make a killer picnic basket.
Our breakfast choices sounded better than they actually tasted and our drinks had a weird odor. All in all, when it comes to breakfast in Pittsburgh, I'm still on the Pamela's side of the fence.
If you like pizza that taste like it has a cardboard crust than this is the place for you
Da bomb
Very pricey. 1 corona & a shot of tequila for 24.00. Pricey and no place to sit. More bouncers than people and they always want you to dance since there's no place to sit.
This is a greasy spoon type of diner but located in downtown Pittsburgh so it isn't 24-hour. The food is generally okay -- try the French toast or one of the omelettes -- but service can be very slow when the place is busy.
Although the sushi rolls tasted great the service was less than spectacular, felt like we where a burden to the servers by having to ask for more water or to order more food, there was no constant checkins to see how we were doing.
Had a blast!! Loved the theme , loved the barstools shaped like saddles, loved. the Lone Star beer.I loved the Meyers hot link, But the superstar is the white cheddar and green chile grits are out of this world.
was Bad din't like it at all ,too much things mixed just odd. Manager was upset because I said I didn't enjoy it or did the other 4  with me lol was yucky
Absolutely delicious!  This really is my favorite restaurant!  The lady who runs the place is always really nice.  I can't place a favorite dish because I have so many.  However you can't leave without trying the mango ice cream!  And I personally always end with a cup of the tea :)
No mid size suitable car available. Up grade $10 a day.  Many hidden charges.  Waited forever for a car. No manual or instructions.  NEVER AGAIN!!!
Just had dinner their with my family who lives in Charlotte.  This is as good as it get's to authentic Mexican food.  The food was fresh and delicious. I highly recommend this place.  Just found another great restaurant to eat when I come to town.
I completely take back my comments.  They are so slow that they hardly care and staff is uninterested and complacent.  Maybe lunch is busy but dinner is a ghost town. Ended up walking out after waiting 10 minutes to grab a beer before the hornets game.
Some prices you can't beat! All other prices... You can! Lol
OMG!!!! \n\nWhat happens when Thai food meet AMAZING? It's Nittaya's Hidden Kitchen.  This small local restaurant is a pleasant surprise!!
Service was prompt and friendly. The beer fresh and a great selection of Sunday games. We had the bacon bbq and chedder burger (rum bbq sauce was sweet and tasty) and the Korean pork belly street tacos. Both very yummy. Woukd recommend.
Not the best sushi in the world but I appreciate the value of their lunch specials as well as the charm, panache and mystique of the bartenders. \n\nTip - They also make a fantastic squid salad.
I thought this was the same as the Kaizen on Paradise (maybe I'm confused) but the menu was different. Was quite as good. \n\nThey did have some interesting 'fruit rolls.' I had the banana roll which was decent. The volcano rolls weren't really cutting it compared to the norm.
I came to watch a friend's Roller Derby match. The facility looks like it may have been pretty great once, but doesn't appear to have been maintained well. The floos don't seem like they've had a good cleaning in a long time. Everything just seems a little dated and worn out.
I was NOT impressed with the typical Scottsdale douchebag doorman who kept us outside in the freezing cold even though the bar was half empty.  Once we were finally inside, we had a great time.  We met our friends at the bar and enjoyed a great evening.  Good vibe inside and decent drinks.  We will be back!
Absolutely the best in Vegas. The staff here are the nicest I've ever encountered. Everyone of them is wonderful.
Zero stars. Unacceptable wait. Unacceptable customer service with a \"sorry just deal with it attitude.\" Although that seems to be Verizon's way regardless of how you're trying to get assistance.
What a difference a few months makes. Had a great breakfast meeting and the service was OUTSTANDING! Tentative, efficient, no waiting. The food was superb and the service matched the quality. I love a restaurant that responds to a complaint by making adjustments. Can't wait to go again.
Not a ton of seating, and very, very slow internet (and internet policy), but very nice people and decent coffee and bagels.
Pretty good NC barbeque. Had some pork and brisket and both had good flavor and were very juicy. Having six different sauces also helps because you can determine which one you prefer.
Definitely not the best sushi but you gotta love the prices!
We loved this place. It was the most amazing dining experience I've ever had. Even with the size of the bill ($1300 for 6 people), it was still very much worth the trip. \n\nI will definitely be back.
Typical Starbucks, which means I'm a fan.  However, parking is a little bit hectic here, especially on the weekends due to the parking frenzy at Whole Foods, which shares the parking lot.  Nevertheless, friendly staff with smiling faces and your predictable Starbucks coffee quality.
Great expierance from the minute you walk in till your on your way out. You're in great hands with Rann and J.P of Fone Star repair. Keep up the awesome work ! (:
The service was a little off. I didn't find our host particularly friendly.  The food was okay. I ordered a bacon burger that was on par with something I'd get at Carls Jr., only for twice the price. I do like the cabin theme and Midwest diner vibe, but everything else was sub-par this visit.
The food is delicious.  The service:  discriminatory.  The bartender, blonde gentlemen, went around to everyone else, then finally acknowledge us.  This is embarrassing, I don't know what else to say.
This place is crazy dirty.  The ribs are tough, the pulled pork okay.  Ate here because we had a social media coupon.  Will not go back. I wrote another review of this place at one star but it has gone missing?
A solid 3 stars. Not a super diverse menu especially for allergies and whatnot, but the cashew pineapple entree with a Thai iced tea was solid. I tried some of my father in laws egg omlette dish and it was amazing.
Great subs, friendly service. Just as good as Ned's, but Steve's has root beer ice cream and you can watch them make the \"samiches\". Never had a better sub than their 12\" hot turkey on white with everything. Kids love their pizza boat too.
Just a little deli/cafe. You can get your delish D&D food and eat it inside or to go. I just wish it were an entire grocery store and not just a little cafe.
The lady at the window was short & rude. 3/6 donuts were incorrect, she had already walked away & would not come back after handing me my 'latte' which was mostly foam. What a way to start your morning..
ummmm...ummm...There is a Captain Morgan statue in the back. \n\nThat is about all I got! Drinks are overpriced and the door staff is a bit much.
The location is awesome but hmmmm its alright. Not really exciting about their bread...
I am always a fan of chipotle. Its normally a good burrito done fast.  My go to order is:\n\nChicken Fajita Burrito\n- lettuce\n- corn\n- pico\n- And get their salad dressing mixed in with it.
The best prime rib I've ever had...
My wife has used this place a few times. Customer service level is poor. Always has to wait over 30 minutes after scheduled appointment.  They never even apologize. Beware!
BEST Mexican on the strip! This place was amazing! Fresh made to order guacamole served in a stone bowl. The shrimp tacos were delish. Service was great, fun atmosphere with semi- outdoor seating to view tourists walking by.
I must add that when I advised the mgt of the situation they comped one night for me and provided transportation to airport
Came here for lunch while staying at the Venetian.  Three of the four of us who at here had upset stomachs afterward.  I guess you can try your luck, though.
Flanny's always has a wide selection of delicious craft beer. Food is a little to be desired for but they are working on it. The beer more than makes up for it though.
There is one thing that everyone can agree is hard to find...an honest mechanic! Slaughter & Associates hands down takes care of their customers. There is no BS and fair prices as well! I will forever recommend this business and they will always be my mechanics.
Been there twice, first time it was just ok so I thought that maybe just a bad day for them. The second time wasn't any better, just ok BBQ way over price for such common food. The service wasn't even that good. Go to Bobby Q for real BBQ that you will love!
THE Best coffee spot in Arizona! They have awesome coffee and it is way better than any commercialized coffee such as Starbucks...I had the cappuccino and it was perfect right on the dot! This place is kind of hidden but once you find it you'll keep coming back for more!
I would avoid. The food is OK, the prices are ludicrous, the portions are tiny. This is small portions of average food at fine dining prices.
A little pricey, but they get the job done!
Robin Camacho, the broker, is very knowledgable. I am grateful I received the opportunity to work with her.
I enjoyed myself way more than I expected touring this exhibit.  My wife and I enjoyed taking humorous photos of each other.
Food was excellent, but service was lacking.
Food was alright. customer service was better than ph s 1. This place had TV and world cup was on. ph s 1 didn't even have a TV.
Great service and fast. The Assistant Mngr Anthony took great care of my wife's car and provided a great customer experience. He didn't try to push things on me.
The food -if we may call it that- tasted like it was trown in a filty corner of the floor of the kitchen and then scooped back into your plate. I did not eat half of my dish. The atmosphere is as discusting as the food. Don't go there
It was definitely not one of the better Cirque shows in LV.  We both fell asleep a few times.  We found the music a bit too slow moving.  Save your money and try to see KA, Love, or Mystere instead.
I do not recommend this firm.  They are extremely unprofessional, incompetent, & rude. They don't return calls.
Delicious pizza and good (huge) sandwiches. Just a little pricy.
The vibe in here is great, fantastic to stop in for some wine and relax. Staff was very friendly. However, last night the odor was so bad (we guess from a sewer/grease trap) that we paid and left our $13 glass of wine unfinished. Hope it's fixed soon.
Pizza was delicious! The girls that work there are friendly and the atmosphere was fun. It is a great family place. They had a couple of tvs and an outside area if you smoke. We ordered a side salad which was huge and some french fries. We will be going back there.
It was delicious! The portions are huge hence the name, the staff is awesome and super friendly.
This used to be my favorite Starbucks in the valley.  Now I sadly avoid it.  The remodel made the space feel tight and unwelcoming.  Staff quality also rapidly decreased.  Drinks have been repeatedly incorrect (I order very easy things) and they have over charged me multiple times.  Not sure what happened to this location!
Yumm BBQ
Very poor customer service. I won't be back.
This place is masssssive.  Great for a big group if you want to check out a game.  They have frequent happy hours and even extend it for locals.  I think last time we were there it included half off beers, $1 sliders and $1 wings.
Good place for an expensive as hell burger.  They sho am delicious though!  Don't be surprised if you wait a long time for your food.  You will be full.
Food is good...the service was very slow. We waited over 45 minutes for our food to be served...some was hot...some was not so warm. There were lots of staff but little or no direction.
It was one of those times when you walk in, look around, then walk right on back out.
There is always a good deal here.
Breakfast at Armando's is awesome.  I always get the steak, egg and cheese burrito. Recently had lunch for the first time and had the Chicken Enchilada plate with red sauce and it was awesome.  The girls that work there are always nice and friendly.  I just wish they had a beer license.
Over priced, hype, not enough people. Although, me and my group had a great time because we messed with the staff and walked in already hammered. So, it's all good I guess. Don't waste your time.
I liked this walmart, it was big, well lit, the parking lot was well organizaed.\n\nThe lines where a nightmare, but hey it's walmart, sit back and enjoy the people watching!
Great atmosphere and the food is awesome!!!  They make a great mojito and flatbread pizza.  They have wide doors that open to the outside that make you feel like you are sitting outside. I will definitely return to this place.
Friendly staff, and very busy store.
Comprable to Chipotle, but good nonetheless.  I did like that I had more food options than Chipotle, though. I would definitely eat here again.
Terrible customer service. Will not return.  Small portions for the price. This location is very stingy with the portions. I'll go to robertos.
Always yummy! The steak is outstanding and the salmon isn't bad either. I love this steakhouse far more than other more expensive places. There can be a bit of a wait during dinner time but I don't mind because the food is always awesome. The appetizers are also good, especially the onion blossom.
Hung out here while waiting for a movie. Nice outside patio area to hang out. Staff was kinda rude when I asked some questions.
Quick, greasy, doughy but cheap and filling. Ok in a pinch but stick with pizza not salad.\nAntipasto was not antipasto. It was lettuce, shredded cheese, olives, pepperinchinis, and stuck together icky pepperoni.
this used to be right between  to the phoenix stock yards and cudahy meat packing plant.\nreal western place the bar realy was shiped around the horn.     great steak   order the steak and the best margaretta  any where
little older of a hampden hotel. Overall ok...Not great not bad.
Really good bbq! Generous portions and decent prices. Outdoor seating has a nice ambiance. My favorite meats were the baby back ribs and brisket. Seems to be a very popular place as it can get very crowded at times so make sure to make a reservation!
Rude girl on the phone, who was unwilling to answer any questions. So, I took my reset to another wonderful jeweler and gladly spent $1800 there for great workmanship and exceptionally friendly & professional service. Lose the snotty girl who answers the phone and your potential business won't go elsewhere.
Celebrated my husbands birthday there with friends.  Loved the food.  Everyone was very surprised where it was and how nice it was.  Thank you for a great time.  Peepz
5 stars because my girlfriend lost her wallet and had it back in her hand in less than 10 minutes thanks to the wonderful security at this hotel. They took what would have been a deal-breaker for the entire trip and turned it into a very positive experience.
Incredible customer service. Dr. Mumford took her time explaining why I was experiencing the symptoms I have. She was very thorough and I felt I was in excellent hands. The images from the retina scanner was also completely different than any other eye care visit I've had before.
Living in Wickenburg, there are not a lot of eating choices. Country Kitchen is one of the better sit down places with a tasty menu, good service and clean, open areas. Although they have been raising their prices of late, it is still a reasonable place to eat.
The service fees are ridiculous. I split paying their bill into two months because it was so high and they kept calling me. I don't know if their insolvent but their customer service is atrocious
Cheap but very good food. I like the make-it-yourself spring rolls called chao tom. The service is almost non existent here, as well as a decent decor.
Good beer and food!
The name says it all.  Located a few doors down from its sister store Electric Ladyland.  Floozy carries overpriced reconstructed old T-shirts, bedazzled sweatshirts and overly embellished jeans.  Unless you are a teenager on her way to a Clay Aiken Concert I would pass on Floozy.
What a place?! Amazing fresh, tasty food. All kinds of juices. Nice clean interior. Service was slow.  Can't wait until they open up in my city.
Good pizza and cold beer. and the bartender on the weekends is a smart ass, very fun.
Best delivery pizza on the west side in my opinion. The crust is delicious. The cheese is plentiful. The sauce is very tasty. As an added treat, the cannoli was perfect. I'm a fan.
I love this PHO and spring rolls, and for the friendly and fast service plus it's cheap! Oh it's truly a must try place.
I was checking the website for the specials and it states Carlos is closed. Changing locations. :( It will be a couple of months until the new location opens. \nCan't wait to see the new location! Carlos you will be missed the next few months.  This was my favorite place to go.
Pearl has quickly become a favorite of mine in Old Town. They have a never-ending happy hour which can't really be beaten. Great sushi at a very reasonable price. Try the Fake and Bake roll with a saki bomber before you head out to the other Old Town bars.
It's not that the food was terrible but it wasn't great, either.  Salmon with langostino lobster had overlooked salmon; jack ribeye with shrimp scampi had overlooked shrimp and was way too salty; while the steak would have been good except for being overdone.
It was a decent sub, nothing super fantastic. Firehouse makes a better sub. They need to start having whole wheat bread.
Best views in Edina...\nVery versatile spaces...\nGreat little pub too.
Terrible service.  Ignored for 20 minutes.  Spoke to 3 servers who ignored us.  Expected a lot more from the GR brand.  How disappointing.
The best British food I've had with tons of flavour and exciting dishes. Seriously the pate board was to die for, along with the spilt pea soup.
Good food with a flair! Solid, friendly service in a hip atmosphere that manages to stretch almost to the edge of being cheesy yet it works. We will be back when in the area for sure.
Awesome, awesome beer garden. \nHidden down an alley with a shady entrance reveals an awesome terrace with high, ivy lined walls. \nGreat service and great vibe.\nA definite stop for some daytime beers.
Good good food! Huge plates!
I just moved here and the closest store is a getto albertsons. We normally shop safeways, but there is none around us. So we tried this frys and I have to say it is a very clean store. Very impressed with it especially their produce section. A+
Its new and Its good.
I love the patio and the ambiance,
Great food, excellent service!  My first visit here, but I'll definitely be back soon!
Excellent beer selection, quality food and attentive service. BBQ ribs outstanding. Sammie a wonderful server.
Extremely bland American Chinese food, without much authentic fare.  Entr\u00e9es lack flavor and are very oily.  The fried wonton are a good snack or appetizer though!  I would recommend driving out to Chandler over dining here though.
Had all the UFC merchandise for the fights.good helpful people. Reasonable prices. Will def come back
It was only edible because I was so hungry after class. How does a tuna sandwich have a honey BBQ sauce?? gross.... I prefer Jimmy Johns
I asked for fresh fries and it took 10 mins to get them. The manager was leaving and had to go in and remind them to bring them. They weren't hot so I called in and they said they would send me a gift card, I've yet to receive it.
I purchased a Scion here a few months ago and the sales staff was friendly, attentive, and easy to work with. Every staff member was on the same page and delivered a wonderful experience.\n\nI highly recommend anyone to visit this dealership to purchase their next vehicle. Carlos and Kevin are great guys to work with!
It's edible. But this buffet's not worth your money.
Georges Rocks !! Love the place and food.
Very disappointed with the 1 hour delivery on a Wednesday evening when we live across the street and we only ordered 2 things.  The food for tge price is not worth it.. I will never order from this place again!
I can't say enough about Ri Ra. My dinner was amazing. The service was the best I've had in years. My waiter was so spot on the entire dinner with drinks, food, etc. If you want a great evening with possibly the best food and service in Las Vegas check out Ri Ra!
Waited 1 hour for food!  Someone ordered Benedict no cheese and a bowl with 2 poached eggs arrived! My sunny side up were runny.  $40 for 2 breakfasts and coffee! Waitress didn't even speak English! Ill never go back here again. Worst breakfast ever.
For what I'm paying for, I was hoping to get some work done in the hotel. But the internet speed is so slow (eg. 100 Kbps dial up speed), for most of the time, I'm just waiting there for the file transfers to/from work. Room is decent sized and clean.
Kept waiting for over half an hour for a simple wire. Watched several employees chatting while we waited
Great food, great atmosphere. I'm so stuffed, and we're taking most of the food home in doggy bags. Would've included a picture but everything looked so good we dug in before we realized.
Best beer-garitas ever! They use corona. Their pork burrito is really tasty and very large. The prices are reasonable. Defiantly make it a point to order chips and cheese dip.
My wife had the Margherita pizza and said it was not good.  While I had the spaghetti and it was decent.
Terrible service, seated a couple that came in 10 minutes after us first, let other people supposedly seat themselves!  Worker's yelling at each other, dirty!
I stopped going here after a completely horrible customer service experience. The cupcakes are fun, but the way the manager handled an order mishap left me speechless and searching for alternative cupcake places (there are many).
We walked in on a Saturday night, and the place was nearly empty.  The bowling was cheap and the drinks were reasonable.  But, there was a DJ and a band that night, at the same time, so it was kind of an assault on the ears.  Good, but not great.
Tired of the Sports Clips or other generic \"barbershops?\" Then you need to go here.  The barbers here know how to cut hair and keep the place fun and entertaining.  They know how to do shape-ups, fades, and tape-ups. So glad I found this place in Charlotte.
100 % The best around
Pretty disappointing brunch experience.  The preparation was not unlike something you'd find in a common chain restaurant.  The service was inconsistent, overall, terribly underwhelming.
Remind me why I revisited this place again after many years?\n\nOh yeah! It must be so that I can briefly say, \"Meh. I've experienced better\"
Best hair cut and shave ever, Great Service
A walk on the LV feral side! Come here for Excellent people watching,  quality look alike street performers, amazing overhead TV/Projection/Light effects, live stage performances, and even zip-lining!
Great food..Good place for the family..My kids really like it..
A decent inexpensive, moderately tasty off the strip bite with ambiance. The warm goat cheese appetizer is note worthy ;D
This place sucked.  If they where real japanese people making sushi then it might have tasted a lot better. The rice was hard, seriously?!!!!!!I will never eat here again. If anyone know what authentic sushi is this is not the place guaranteed. I give it two thumbs down.
Kinda pricey for the type of food and atmosphere, but the food's okay. I've had better tacos and guacamole nearby for less money.
We're in Vegas.... I have NO idea why we ate here instead of the hundreds of other amazing restaurants on the strip.\n\nIt wasn't bad, but I would def recommend going to someplace you can only eat in Vegas!! It's the same price anyhow..
Very dissapointing. Last visit 2 years ago was very good.  Everything slow with many mistakes.\nToo many choices to pull me back. Food was good.
This Denny's is dirty and hit or miss on the service.  Really needs a remodel and new management.  I dont expect a lot from Denny's in the first place so...
It's ok.  So many good brunch places in Phoenix. I won't be back. Long wait yet tables were always empty. Take to long to seat. My French toast was not that great. Maybe someone else will have better luck.
A good place for pizza.  The pies aren't too greasy and the lunch special I a great deal in this area of scottsdale...normally devoid of value-conscience lunch shoppers.  The sausage pizza is particularly good, with a nice balance of sausage and cheese.
Excellent.  The chicken fingers are the best i have had, anywhere.  Lightly battered, crispy, hot, delicious.  The staff is warm and inviting, and they came around to check on us mid-meal. Nowhere else fast-casual do you feel so welcome.  Delicious, clean, lovely.
Both website and voicemail state they're open from 8 am to midnight, but when we get there at 8:15 am the RUDE security guard says they're open at 9 am. We told him they should change their voicemail and he looks at us again and says coldly, 9 am. Never going back here.
I had heard good things about this place but was really disappointed. We had 5 servers, and still somehow they managed to forget bring us two different things we ordered, despite asking multiple times. Just never even came. The pho was totally mediocre, which suck. I wouldn't  recommend this place at all.
Superbe petit salon avec une des meilleures stylistes en ville! Bianca est la meilleure; je lui fait confiance avec mes cheveux depuis 7 ans !
This happens to be one of my favorite clubs in Las Vegas.  The decor is fantastic and the atmosphere is peaceful and exciting at the same time. There are go go girls here and they dance amazing.
Amazing check-in deal, phenomenal pho, great thai iced tea, and super friendly service conveniently located about one and a half miles from the strip.  Super affordable.
Small store with all basic indian stuff, the staff are courteous and extended their time to accommodate us. I wish they carried more choice precooked food and veggies in the store
Server (think his name was Louis) was super friendly and attentive. Cilantro jalepeno hummus was superb, something I will definitely crave. The food came out extremely fast. Look forward to my next visit.
Great atmosphere, good food, and great customer service. I tried this place out on NYE with my friends while visiting from Las Vegas. I used to live in Scottsdale and travel here for business every couple of weeks. It's great to see new places opening in old town and I will be back!
The Cinnamon Rolls are the BEST!!!!!!
Highly recommend this place.   I has such a great experience I wrote blog about it. It won't all fit here,  so please read my post 3/28/2012.  http://blog.fundoofitness.com.  You'd be happy to have visited.  Your moment of Zen is there!
I was here for business and ate here twice in a row and even took my niece and her husband.  Great food, reasonable prices.  I'd go back in a heartbeat.  Both nights we went there was zero wait time.
I try to never eat here.  The food is bland and overpriced.
Prices are reasonable.\n\nFood is fresh and service is always good. \n\nIts the best Asian Fusion restaurant in the area.\n\nJohn
My chicken pot pie not very good at all. the crust was soft and soggy and the pie was more like a soup. the flavor was terrible\nThe Shepherds pie was better.\nThe place is a nice and has a nice outdoor patio
Good value compared to many asian places.
Drive through... check.\nItalian sausage... check.\ndipped... double check.
I freaking love this place. I love coming to Vegas for Aloha Specialties because there aren't many Hawaiian food places in Cali. But we decided to try it and I never knew how well Island flavor could be done with a Korean taste. Came here the next day as well I wish I could give this place more stars.
omg.. i'm in love with the root beer floatin ....
Relied on the reviews to stop in and it is exactly as described.  Philly cheesesteaks are great and the friendly service is tops.  Even though it was the lunch rush Joe took time to tell us about the menu and showed off the offerings in his place.  Definitely going back to try the subs and sides.
You have to go both during daytime and nighttime.  The smells and sights will rock your senses as the plants and flowers are absoultely beautiful.  Currently they are themed for Chinese New Year and the entire ambiance is excellent.  It is a nice little gem hidden in the beautiful Bellagio.
Lame. 20m before we had a drink and had to flag someone down to get seated. We went to Park instead...
Everyone at this place sucks. EXCEPT Alex C. He was the most honest sales person I've ever met. Everyone else lied to me multiple times.
Services was very quick maybe to quick. . We had a flat bread that was under cooked a very oily. I ordered the pork chop and it was fantastic. My wife had the scallops and loved them. Desert was ok and overall for the price maybe not worth the the trip.
You can't give anything less than 5 stars to a place that sells bra's and panties to hot chicks.
I was a little nervous because I just moved out here from CA and didn't have a hairstylist. I found The Root on Yelp and I loved it. It lived up to its high rating. My hair looks amazing and the prices were reasonable. I am a customer for good!
The food is below average for the strip. The only reason to goto this place is to drink a cold one and watch all the hot chicks parade up and down the strip. Having said that, I love this place.
I ordered from these guys the night I moved into my house last year and have tried to make it a weekly affair since. Great pizza, pepperoni rolls, and quick delivery. Thanks!
LOVE this location! Every time I go I feel so welcomed and relaxed. I almost always go to Alivia, who is so wonderful! Tiffany is also awesome and so sweet. I refuse to settle for any other waxing place
Order accuracy!!! Hot fudge Sundaes are not made with mint chocolate chip ice cream, idiots. Third time that the drive through window has completely screwed up our order. Never again
Extremely overrated. Nothing at all to write home about. I don't understand the hype.
It's the best. My wife and I go at least twice a month.  No line.  Walk in get some snacks, sit back relax and enjoy a great movie. Not to mention a great massage at 99 next door is very inexpensive and the best  in town for the price.   Casino massage does not come close for the price and service.
Good food, good service. Try ordering one of the sharing menus (\"CC\" was great). More than enough for two people, and provably more than enough for three. Nothing spectacular, but pretty solid. The house wine is ok.
Terrible place to eat and not very clean at all. Way over priced foe fast food. 5$ for a plain roast beef forget that!
Love going to see films here!!  Worth checking out for sure!!
My home was a rental i was moving out looking for a carpet guy to clean to save my deposit i was happy with my service Rick showed up did the two rooms i needed and went above and beyond my expectations with a quick run over the whole place if you need a carpet cleaned my suggestion is you call this guy great job......
Fantastic service! I love the fact that I could get the recipe on Rosemary's website and make the bbq shrimp at home. I felt like I was a king.
The pepperoni pizza was very good.  Wasn't expecting much from this restaurant so I was happy.
I prefer the pho at Pho Kim Long over any other pho restaurant in Las Vegas. Very inexpensive and delish! I don't feel overly full and stuffed. I feel healthy leaving. I've never ordered anything but pho #10. Soooo good!!
best ever massage I have ever had! xoxoxo
I came here to get my car washed and I had no idea what I was doing. Everyone I spoke to was so helpful and patient! My car is my baby and they took good care of her. :)
As good or bad as any Sbarro's (the same...), so take your pick.  The pizza we had was tasty enough, cheap, and the place is open 24 hours.  They also have pitchers of beer!  Can't complain about this place- one of the highlights of Bally's for sure!
let me just say off the bat the food was good.but my booth I sat in there was sticky stuff on it and the fork had crust on it.i asked for water and I got diet coke.th3 staff was friendly.
I realize this is a chain, but the food is tasty and different for the usual chain fare. A real value
Better since the owners changed.   They have more flavors now,  better toppings,  better options,  friendly staff.   A nice addition to the noda streetscape if you are in the moodfor dessert.
Great Saturday happy hour spot
bad, bad, bad.  the chow mein was edible and that is literally the nicest thing i can say.
Amazing! Pricey but well worth it. If you're a steak person this is the place. I had the Gorgonzola crusted filet and it was fantastic! Highly recommended for a nice evening out on the strip.
Banged out my order with a quickness! Good sammies and we'll be back. However, the guy at the cash register was a bit of a rooster.
Stopped by for one more try and received great service.  The jerk chicken was excellent.
The food is just eh, but it's fun to go here for some Jewish food. Everybody loves their sliders too!
That free WiFi is worth what you pay for it.\nI turn it off and just use the phone data plan. The drinks are great the baked goods fresh, staff pleasant and fast.\nI sure wish they had real WiFi not this 56k modem junk.
Customer service depends on when you go and what location.  I have never been in the Fort Apache location, I only go through the drive up ATM machine.  There is never a line, I get to sit in my car and it takes two minutes, no hassle!  love it!
will not go here again...its just nasty now...been here too many times...
My room was beautiful ~ spacious, comfortable, & super clean! I could've stayed for days, but the internet was a bit wonky, & the front desk girl, a touch frosty. I did love the easy parking, the sunset view, & the snazzy striped lobby carpets, so I may return.
Once again, Gareth came to the rescue. I called at around 11 AM and he sent someone to my home and by 1 PM my computer was working perfectly. I would never EVER go to anyone else. Thanks again so much Gareth and the kind fellows who came to my house and fixed my computer!
Had to pick up some snacks for a meeting, got some of the bagged popcorn on the shelves. It was completely stale. Maybe this place is better for the other stuff. Maybe the popcorn is just a slow seller. Still disappointing.
Nothing urgent about it - only go if there's no other options.
Had to give up on them---say something, I giving up on YOU. The more you rent from them, the crappiest cars they try to pass off to you. I am now renting from Budget and others.
Not the best yarn selection and was unimpressed with the space. Some if the staff has been a bit chill, but was very impressed with the knowledge and friendliness of one or two staffers.
Very good, yet not to memorable
Great tamales, fast food prices
Great concept\nGreat menu\nGreat style\nGreat website\nBAD BUNS.\n\nHalfway through my Hawaii Dog the bun completely fell apart :(
Have been there twice.  Family run, we were treated like personal guests.  Food is cooked by owners.  Waiter said 'My Mom made the dessert'...how could we resist?
Good Mediterranean food. Locals night is a great deal.  The hookah bar is quite comfortable also.
Need a quick and health lunch.  This market has a lot of great choices.  From hot bar salad bar,  pizza, sandwiches, sushi, Chinese food and much more.  Great alternative to fast food.
cool bar, good bar snacks as well as food. kind of tucked away in the shoppes.
like always the burger taste great in red robin , but the table was so dirty and sticky.\nwe cleaned the table using some of our baby pampers tissue and it tuned black :(
So over-hyped and I didn't enjoy the food. Think I'll try the Main next time...
I was contacted by Verizon shortly after my review and I really appreciated it.  They took the time to find out what my issues were and did a great follow up.  It is always great when Yelp helps!
UPDATE: I am incredibly taken back that the owner had the nerve to come on here in a sad attempt to discredit my honest review. I also find it funny that there is a review from the same week complaining of getting sick off the food and she's badgering that reviewer as well. Tacky business practice. Very tacky.
I came to The Men's Club of Charlotte with DJ Evo and some friends. We had a great time. Leah was our Bartender. She was excellent and helpful with recommending some great drinks. Had a great time.
This review is for their amazing jeans. I love their fit, feel and designs. They also handle any alterations you may need through the store. I always find it very hard to find good jeans but this problem may be solved permanently with the discovery of 7 For All Mankind! I am very happy with my purchases and the alterations. Highly recommend.
Great. Super fast. Came all the way to my house. Was super friendly. I would recommend to everyone
Stayed there the other night. Priceline express purchase.   Great attitudes from front desk to omelette cook! Rooms clean,tidy\nGreat experience. Value
Love the stuffed chicken wings and the rice combo plate as well as the pho!
worst service ever.\nnot worth the money.
Gotta get the Whiskey! Love Bev Mo helpful people!
The best Korean food in Vegas. Clean and great service .A place that I would go back to.
Disappointed. Food on the buffet was barely warm, soda was barely cold and the flavors were flat and bland. Butter Naan was awesome and clearly well made. Unless you're a bakery though, I'm not going to stop by just for bread.
Dishonest Establishment. Waitresses are shady; stripper shady. Always check your bill.
The people seem very nice in the tea I ordered was great. The Internet absolutely is horrible.  Avoid at all costs if you plan on trying to get work done.
Man, they've got some really dry nasty bread.  I wanted to like this place, and the meat is actually pretty good.  I was eating my sub on wheat noting how dry the bread was when I tried a bit of my wife's sourdough.  I only thought mine was dry, the sourdough was terrible.  Oh well.
For a cheap eat in Vegas without getting botulism, this is your place.  Denny's is a stand up place with good prices and great food.  Their breakfast is so much better than most of the restaurants in even the most foo fooy casinos in Vegas.  Stick to the basics...Denny's is great.
Food is mediocre. Service is below average.\nUnless you're desperate, skip this spot & go somewhere else!
I'm new to the area and Paws and Perms was referred by my neighbor. I loved it! Best experience!  My girls loved it there and they looked beautiful! Can't wait till they go back!
Always too notch service. We've been coming here for years. I no longer live in town but every time I'm in the area I bring the kids here for breakfast!  They love it!   Have never had an issue with the food or service in all the years!  Great family place.
Really lousy service people at the rollercoaster. You know the kind, that don't have any power in life, so they take it out on their customers and threaten to call security if you roll your eyes.
Good place but not recommended for people who don't eat pork.  There are dishes that looks good but pork inside.  So if you like pork then I recommend this place.
Buoni prezzi. Ottima selezione vinili e cd. Personale gentile. Meno caro di ebay anche cover in genere sono solo vg. Vale la visita.
Went there tonight and had a buffalo burger. It was fantastic, extremely juicy and flavorful. I'd also recommend the truffle fries, they were great as well.
very average food  didnt see cooks wearing  gloves, the girl that takes orders is very business like and unfriendly Thank you is not in her vocabulary. Nothing at all special here nothing like NYC or LA asian food
Saw this on yelp while looking for boba smoothies,great choice.had spring rolls,grilled pork sandwhich and smoothies.everything was very good,can't wait to try more things on the menu.
This place is a community staple for a lot of people who live in the area.  The best thing about Manuel's is that the food is consistently good.  The Green Corn Tamales, in particular are fantastic.  Good service and friendly atmosphere.  This is just a good place to go!
Staff is great but no vending machines!  it is a long wait with no drink or snack.
Absolutely miss this place since I've moved out of state.  Flicka's is the best.  Great food, great prices.  You guys ROCK.
The food is really great, but the prices are a little high. It can be a little pricey when you're ordering for more than one person other than that great place.
This location has poor customer service! They are rude and will not help you find what you need. Due to the remodel tons of things are out of stock even though it says they are in. Head to the Atlanta or D.C. \nlocation instead.
Unfortunately it was recently sold and is no longer the wonderful gem it once was. Very sad.  Don't waste your time or money here.
I went there for the first time last week. Quiet place, friendly service the hot and sour soup was great! Chow main was my favorite. We tried 6 different dishes none were disappointing.
Waitress was miserable to deal with, very curt without any provocation. Not the best service, too bad, that is very important to me! Food was just okay, she didnt bring me what I ordered, but I didnt feel like putting up a fight in front of my elderly family during lunch.  Probably wont go again.
Great hot sandwiches. I would highly recommend. Hidden off the West side of Scottsdale Road. Small interior. I would expect a wait if you hit the noon crowd. I've never seen anyone shop at deli, but the shelves break up the restaurant nicely.
My Fiance and I decided to try this place out recently and we liked it! The chips, salsa and beans that are served prior to your meal were good! It was a nice introduction to our meal :) Food had a really good taste to it. The meat was tasty. Overall, good place!
I've been to a number of these stores, and for decorations or womans clothing it may be a hit, but for mens clothing I just get disappointed Everytime I attempt to shop there.
Great service, good food. Place stays busy so set reservations and enjoy.
Gamez on Wheelz was absolutely awesome! I ordered their services for my son's 12th birthday party. Jason, our game master was great with the boys!! He was friendly, professional and was very helpful in explaining how the schedule works! I would definitely recommend their services and plan on using them again for my younger son's party soon!
Nice little place with a wide variety of food on the menu. Sitting on the patio was awesome. The sliders were amazing and I would defiantly come back again.
This place has good music and great coffee. \n\nI usually order a $3 black iced coffee. Too bad that it costs another $3 for a refill. I might come more often if i didnt feel so robbed.
- generic main dishes \n-dry rice white and brown\n-great service , very friendly\n-small portions when it comes to food\nfun fact- the kung pow shrimp is breaded so if  you think you are trying to be healthy ordering the shrimp think again at P.F. Changs
Tipped good thinking next time we would actually get some service, turns out the bartenders actually just a dick and didn't acknowledge our group  what so ever. Ill never go there again , worth the drive to go to the grand teton location.  They are good ppl up there with way better service.
Great staff and excellent Happy Hour!  Non happy hour can be $$$$$, but the food is great!
Horrible service .... everything here keeps breaking down . I was here for 2 hrs and only got through 2 games because of lane issues will definitely be going to Brunswick now on.
Just as good as your typical Westfield mall.  No thing special about it.  I used it as an air-conditioned walk-through from my Trump hotel room to the main part of the strip.  Downside is that shops and restaurants/food court close so early.
Went here today and literally had the crappiest service.  It was only 7PM, and there was about 6 other people in line while only one cashier was working while the other one was hanging out behind the counter eating.  Where is the professionalism?  1 Star, should be 0 stars.
This place used to be the BUSINESS! Now the rooms aren't so great. I guess their success is their down fall. But I'm sure they have renovated the rooms by now.
My family and I were visiting from California where a friend had mentioned a restaurant in Charlotte called Amalfi. We decided to spend the afternoon lunching there and enjoyed it thoroughly. Wonderful proprietors, fantastic food, great atmosphere. Try the Chicken Vino Bianco!
I absolutely adore Sherene! I never imagined any human being to be so passionate about eyelashes and their clients. I have had nothing but with success with Sherene and if there has been a minor issue it is addressed promptly and very warmly. I would recommend her to anyone!
Just placed our order - I won't even wait for the food to say how terrible the service is.\n\nIf you are a douche (tasteless or not), you will be right at home!
Worst customer service.
Great place to read the Sunday paper and a tasty breakfast
The food is always fresh and the staff is always nice. Have done several catering events with them. They are very prompt and in time.\n\nTaco Tuesday is very packed so get there before 12.
I have not ate their pizza since my discovery of another pizza place, pizza is better than the crap from papa johns, dominos ect. it's also better than the native new yorker arcoss the street. the suace it a little sweet for my liking but i would eat it again.
Terrible service & incredibly unprofessional. I would never bring my business here again.
Great fresh made food! Friendly people! Very clean! I was scared the first time because it is a little place in a strip mall, but was pleasantly surprised! Been twice and will continue to eat here! Probably a lot because it's close to home too.
The place is closed for good. Health code violations up the ying yang.
Did I mention the slowest drive-thru? Yeah. \n\nThis particular franchise appears to have really poor management. Also seems to be understaffed.
The sesame bread is amazing. The sandwich was huge but I ended up eating the whole thing. Very very good!
Horrible service. Had to ask for someone to take our order after waiting 15 mins. Waited another 30mins for food to come out. Salad was soggy. Wish I would have walked to Subway next door.
The staff here is amazing and Dr. Peifer is extremely hands on and personal with your file. I can tell he is passionate about his work and his patients happiness is very important to him. The girls that work here are so friendly and genuine. I would highly recommend this office and Dentist. Good ones are very hard to come by!
The place is now Amor de Brazil, which is a much better place than Phil and Tony's ever was.
Wonderful little place. Great pizza - real NY pizza. Owner was friendly and sat down and had a conversation with me, since I heard he was from NY. Casual place with a deli and small market for Italian products such as canned tomatoes, pasta, peppers etc. ended the dinner with a delicious cannoli.
We're from San Francisco visiting friends in Scottsdale. This is one of the best Thai restaurants we have ever been to.\n\nThe food and service were wonderful.  \"Z\" the owner, she made everything even better.\n\nHighly recommend this restaurant.
First of all this place does not even deserve to be open or ANY stars. The food was disgusting. Very little options to pick from that are not even fresh. You get what you pay for but this is just not even real food, it was like eating plastic. I NEVER recommend this place to ANYONE.
I had the Chicken Adobo with rice, eggs, and tomato. It was good. Service was a little below average, but not bad. Good place to grab a bite and bounce.
If you have been to FIX then you have been to STACK . Same culinary style and decor. The food is good here it's just that I think they put more emphasis on their image as a social venue. I want to dine in a restaurant not hang out.
I would rather eat dog food. I have hated this place for years. The service us horrible.  The food is bland and flavors less.  And any place that charges $1.75 for guacamole is weak. I have no idea why so many people flock here.
Best sushi place in Vegas area. I drive all the way across town just to eat here. All other sushi restaurants are disappointing in comparison!
It's not a yacht...it's more like a hot box bastardized pontoon boat. Beer was nothing spectacular but the food was good (mainly just the spirit infused cocktails). Too many frat kids on this boat...
Im from cali and this stuff they call thai food sucks!
All the Outlets we've been to basically offer the same goods with the same name brand stores. Take heart. Deals CAN be had. All you need I'd time, patience, endurance and most of all cold hard cash. Go for it.
really good - Portuguese style steak is worth having - not something I would normally order, but am glad I did.\nMust have the rice pudding - it is very good.\nthe wait staff was super nice.
Hoagies.  With awesome, nicely toasted buns.
not impressed. Ive eaten a lot of pizza in my time and DiVitos ranks a level or two above frozen. The sauce was bland, the crust was limp and tasteless and the toppings were less than fresh.
Rude Staff.\nOld Planes.\nMultiple maintenance delays.\nBeer choice includes: Beck's, Budweiser & Bud Light.\n\nIf I could give Zero stars, I would.
Awesome! did not disappoint!  The waiter was great!  Short ribs ughhhh mazing!!!!  great go you won't be sorry. thank you yelpers for recommending!
Great coffee! Just a little hard to find but glad we did. Doesn't look like anything from the street but is all going on inside. A little more streetside advertising would certainly help us out-of-towners find the place. Obviously the locals have no trouble!
Really good atmosphere, this bright and fun campus location features a menu on flat screen TVs, Korean \"tacos\" and \"burritos\", sushi, bi bim bap, etc.
The food was \"good\" and \"flavorful\" (msg). The place smelled like B.O. The sushi was grocery store quality and cold. They could do with a surprise visit from the health inspector. If everything cost two dollars less, complaints could be overlooked.
Packed- which is why it got 4. But this is Vegas. \n\nGreat beer selection and seafood stew was very, very good.
For an international airport, these security lines move super quick! I, also, appreciated the moving walkways to get me around the airport.\n\nShopping selection is average. And pricy. Buy stuff before you come or plan to spend a lot.\n\nAll in all, a great airport.
This hotel is on the strip, walking distance to everything, but calm and quiet. The rooms are gorgeous. (amazing bath tub with rose petals left on your towel) The bar has an amazing view and delicious cocktails! I can't wait to stay here again and enjoy some pool time!
Like their Terriyaki bowl and also the bulgogi, sushi is also a good choice here are well. Haven't ventured much on their other items maybe one day...
Food is great, I've only had the beef pho and spring rolls. My only complaint is the portion compared to the price. Pho da lat is not as good but you get more for your money.
Pros: Good place for people watching on the strip if you get a table close to the open windows\n\nCons: Mediocre and overpriced food
Incredibly disappointed with Take Paws. We had a wonderful dog walker initially through them, but when she left for another job our next dog walker had minimal experience being around dogs and was unable to walk our 2 dogs at once.  We are currently looking for another dog walking service.
-5 stars. The club is not that great, different mix of crowds, a house music side and hip hop side. The music sucked. Same with bottle service, it was not good bottle service.
There was something off about this recent. None of the staff had a genuine smile or outgoing friendliness during the entire time we were eating in the location. I am a big fan of INNOUT and expected better service.
What a fun restaurant.  Loved the big window with the candles.  The plantains were super good, so was the spring roll with mango chutney.  Our server was very friendly and recommended the Curry Chicken Tofu which was a big hit.  Highly recommend the Hibiscus tea.  Delicious.
Most amazing mojitos. Great selection of cigars and a very friendly and helpful staff. Highly recommended.
Delicious tacos! So inventive and flavorful. Also, the endless fresh baked chips and salsa were incredible. A must go to restaurant! Loved it.
Great service good, salads great filet. Atmosphere dark and old fashion, bar noise a little loud overall great dinner
I am extremely disappointed.  I have been going here since November and today was horrible. I left with 2 finger bleeding, 2 nails on crooked and skimpy polish.  I am definitely in search of a new nail salon.
great restaurant.  lunch special well worth the price and food is fresh and tasty.  This review will probably be filtered though as this restaurant didnt pay their advertising money to yelp.
I've been going here for years, because I was a frequent Ebayer seller. Their customer service is excellent and they ship USPS,UPS, and FedEx.
Food good, service not the best.
They suck at helping their customers. They forgot about us and I had to wait 1 hour just to order my food even after hollering at multiple waiters. Their 45 minute wait was a waste of time and this is my second chance for this restaurant. HIRE BETTER STAFF.
Excellent Selections, and Superb Service!
Used to be a favorite place to eat for my wife and I until we found a metal screw in my wifes Huevos Rancheros. Dissapointing. I had eaten there for over 20 years. Still a great place to have a beer but I'll never eat there again.
Watch out for aggressive Chinese lady who swindled you into the most expensive menu items and hovers over your entire dining experience and then expects a big tip!
Skip this place unless you're desperate.  Watery fro-yo and all the flavors are too sweet.  The hot fudge is in a room temperature squirt bottle and the toppings are nothing creative.
I've never had my eyebrows or lip threaded before this visit. My technician was excellent and tamed my unruly brow and upperlip in no time. No wait time on a Tuesday afternoon (my off day). Very fair pricing. I will definitely return.
Came in here late after the bar ordered some breakfast and some hamburgers because you can get them both at this location it took us 45 minute wait before we got it it was crazy ridiculous. Called the corporate office they said they would take care of the problem Scott in a little bit better but not hundred percent.
Chips are excellent!  Salsa is good and the hot salsa in the bottle is excellent. My wife ordered the fajita quesadilla and I got the beef Fajits. We were seated quickly and our waitress has been wonderful. Unfortunately the food is lacking greatly in seasoning. Great service great people just bad food.
I didn't have a great meal.  Fish cakes were chewy and tough.  The pad thai was like no other I've ever had.  Clearly a low bar given their great location.
I've been here twice now and my story is still the same. I love it!
Great, strenuous hike/climb.  Panoramic views.  park at town hall and shuttle or walk 2 miles to trailhead.  Take 1-2 waters or a camelbak and small snack for top.  Wear hikiing shoes.   go early when it's cooler.
I was looking forward to Shane's tonight. This location is training a new chef, however, and the chicken is overcooked and tough...that's the only reason for my less than great review this time.  Hopefully the next visit will be better!
The owner of this place should do everyone in Dilworth a favor and sell it to someone who actually knows how to run a sports bar.
Delicious food for a great price! Broth is clean and clear! Egg rolls are fresh and delicious! Extremely friendly service. Definitely our new favorite Vietnamese restaurant...A must try!!!
pretty good breakfast spot but $6 for a small glass of orange juice is a bit much. the Denver omelette was solid.
Great meat fish market...clean and friendly service!
Only love the pancakes there.
My wife and I both had fish, and frankly our fish was not fresh, but was starting to go off. They did comp a significant part of the meal when we complained, so I have bumped them up to 2 starts, but really guys. This is a really expensive restaurant specializing in seafood - the seafood had better be really fresh!
How dies this place have 3,5 stars.   I don't know where to start.  Food isn't even Sonny's quality,    No liquor here, beer only the owner doesn't want wine because he is a christian.   Really.   God turned water into wine     Well i will never be back.   Sonny's corporation would be disappointed.
It's Hells Kitchen-esq with no yelling (I would have liked to have heard some yelling). It's definitely a themed environment. The foie gras was the highlight for me. great drinks, the bread, the butter, the STEAK! It was an awesome experience.
Local diner vibe. Local (limited) diner menu. Local diner food. The prices are reasonable. The food was solid. I wouldn't drive across town (next time!) for the food, but if I was in the area and looking for a quick bite, I'd definitely go back.
This is an alright place the staff is alright they are not very helpful unless you ask them to be but they have the games. but there is another game store not far from this one and it caries the new games to it is cheaper there and they even have all of the classics. so game stop is my second choice on this road.
Other then looking like the home of a horder....the cashier was rude & acted like the problem with the credit/debit card reader was my fault.  On the positive side..it is open 24 hours & attached to an \"okay\" mall.
I can't think of anything due to my food coma but it was all five stars!  The blackberry sorbet was a perfect finish.
Yeah I'm a fan. For a local chain this place is good. Be prepared to get packed in like cattle during games but that should be expected. Plus, game days are always fun when it is busy and boozy
We live in Vegas part of the year and this is our fave for dim sum, great taste, great price, great service.  And of course, food arrives right as you sit down, which is awesome when you are hungry.
Ceased salad was ok.  The spaghettini was really lacking flavor.  Not a lot if choices on the menu. Overall a disappointment
Very poor customer service. Booking agents made an error and manager did little to rectify situation. Was spoken to condescendingly and in no way appeased.
two words:\n\nYogurt\nLand\n\nsuck it mojo!
The 3 salsas served with the chips are incredible.
Food is still good but the service has gone downhill in recent years.  I sat there tonight for a full twenty minutes with an empty water glass.  So did my wife.  Hard to understand early on a Thursday night.
Tried to go here with my fiance because we were looking to try something new. Place is closed and sign on door says closed for remodeling. No sign that any work at all has been done and done other reviews are 4mo old and have similar sorry. IMO this place is closed permanently.
If I can give this place a zero, I would. Completely overrated, and the crew running the front were just plain rude. Not worth the time or money.
We have been here twice now. The steak is incredible, I have eaten at steak houses across the country and this can hold it's own.  We ordered the filet and stuffed filet, it just melts in your mouth. The house wine is really good as well. Our waitress Debbie was so nice, we will be back!
By far the BEST pineapple upside down cake I have EVER had. The ambiance of this restaurant is extremely modern and sleek. Overall I really enjoyed my experience at Blue Hound and will definitely be back soon to try more food!
I love this place!!! My husband and I claimed this to be our quick fix for dinner options!!
Tried to visit the store on many occasions, tried to email the store, never answered, hard to write a review when you can't even get in touch with them to talk to.  Why have a business when your never open or get back to a customer.
Fabulous food! Their Cuban Roast Pork Dip is delicious, as are their steaks, Parmesan crusted chicken and fresh baked brownie.  Their waitstaff is very attentive and the beer selection is amazing.
Everyone always is friendly. The service is consistently great and the food is SO good.\nFreshly made. Great portions. Very nice casual atmosphere and comfy patio
I come here during lunch hours and love it! Friendly service and great food. :)
I called because i had a weird looking valve stem, and asked the guy who answered the phone if i could send him a picture of it from my phone. He told me no because he didnt know or trust me. I find that pretty ridiculous and bad customer service.
It's a great place if you can sit outside in good weather.
I had a great experience with Shane Co!!! They had exactly what I was looking for. Their staff is great, very friendly and knowledgeable.
Since the changed menu yuk! Will not return.
Before I even entered they wanted to charge me and my partner $40.00 as an entrance fee. Go to share or piranha night club they do not charge locals an entrance fee.
This show got a standing ovation after wards.  Great story line, amazing and sophisticated set, and lots of acrobatic action. Is this the best Cirque show? Probably not, but it was excellent and worth seeing.
Great video store...huge selection of indy and foreign films, as well as mainstream.  Employees give ratings on some of the movies.  Only downside, some of the people behind the counter have huge attitudes.
Had to listen to the server and two customers talk about how they dislike America and that there own countries are much better.  Once they started bashing the US military we couldn't take it and left after displaying our military IDs when paying.  Food was okay.
We were excited to come try Al's Beef Italian sandwich but were not impressed. Menu was hard to read and food was below average with very little flavor.
Bacon egg and cheese sandwich had a pinch of bacon bits on it which wouldn't amount to half a slice of bacon
I came here a couple of times while on vacation catching a few suns games and have always left happy.service is good,food is good and atmosphere is great.actually got to meet thunder Dan and do shots with him wich was pretty unreal.its a sports bar so don't come here expecting anything more than bar type food
Love the slots here. I always seem to come out ahead (or just slightly under). I also love the Parisian feel of the area, especially the buffet eating area that looks and feels like the courtyard of a small French village.
Really good choice for Gluten Ftee.  DELICIOUS bread.  Lots of choices for fixins.  Just as delicious as when we visited Ikes in San Francisco.
Friendly clean and knowledgable.  No high pressure sales just educated choices.  I came in without an appointment, had the tires I needed in stock and got me out the door in less time than they had estimated. \n\nWill use discount tires again.
No way will we stay here again!  I have no positive things to say about this place at all!!!  It was so bad that even my wife was allergic to their bed sheets!!!  Stay here at your own risk!!
Pork was well seasoned and marinated. \nPresentation was good and taste was good.\nPrices where great and the quantity could have been more.\nService was polite and quick.
Absolute disaster! No style, no shape! \nWorst haircut I've ever got in my lifetime. Need to wear a hat to hide it.\nDon't even want to go to work or see ppl.\nWill never go back.
My only complaint I had before was the service. Not anymore!! They are going to open early just for my son's graduation celebration! Now that's service! Great service to go along with fabulous food at reasonable prices. Can't beat that!!
Good food quality and decent price especially considering this is Vegas.  Had the Croque Madam (ham cheese fried egg sandwich) very good.   The gumbo was good also.
I feel like Jim Carey in Liar Liar cuz - I've had better. Atmosphere is good, waiters & waitresses are super good. It's just the sushi, this place is the McDonalds of its industry.
Can't go wrong here whether you want to stay healthy or indulge your inner pig.
Ordered a thin crust sausage. Crust not crisp, sauce bland, arrived cold. Disappointing in the extreme.
I just returned from an excellent stay at this hotel. The rooms were very nice, comfortable and large. The views from the room are incredible. The service from the staff was excellent. I was very impressed. The rate was reasonable, as well. I look forward to a return to this hotel.
I have eaten here several times. The food is good but typically the service is extremely slow. I would probably go more often but hate the thought of knowing I have to wait in line 10 or 15 minutes to place order and then another 15 or 20 minutes to  get food.
I have been going to the location on Scottsdale Road, and the staff has been incredible. Dr Dean is my pcp, and he is very knowledgeable, and was able to correctly identify my issue that most other people were failing to recognize. It was a fast, professional, and pain free experience, and for that I'm very grateful.
the music is wayyyyy too loud, very nice staff but I felt like I couldn't have a conversation because the music was turned up so much.
Start - Meatball. (the best)\nDine - Penne Vodka - (hold the proscutto)\nDesert - head across the way to Payard. - but anything on the menu at Raos is very tasty. \n\nResult? - happy belly.
Open Saturday . . . One of the few locations that is.\n\nFriendly service and a speedy Drive-Thru!\n\nNever any issues for me . . .
hertz is great! Very accommodating and had great deals. Even bought us jimmy johns while processing our paper work :)
Solid sliders. The sweet potato fries are awesome and the prices are more than fair. Only downside is the first time I was there, the shake machine was broken and the second time they were out of the chicken boom sliders.
Food is okay. Service is not good under this price.  I order one median rare 22oz prime Ribeye. They gave me one Well down. The server is not nice. Will not back to here anymore.
St James' curriculum is carefully designed to meet children's developmental needs, their abilities and their interests. Directors, teachers and staff are dedicated and caring. I highly recommend St James to families with young children to attend.
Chase and Mike are understanding, knowledgable, and honest. Worked out a solid deal on a full stereo system... Came in for one thing, wanted more, and they worked a deal. Support the small shops. They'll treat you well
Popo's is my favorite restaurant!  We've been coming here for years.  \n\nI especially love getting a chimichanga with guacamole and jalepeno cream cheese.  It's the best Mexican food in Arizona!
Very good quality / price ratio. Warm and friendly welcome, good effort to understand my broken English. Well located, very good comfort room and spacious. The restaurant on the 27 th floor very well. At recomander.
$6.15 for a $3.50 latte. One star because I could get my latte in my fuzzy mocs, tho I looked pretty stupid. And they took my gold card. And yeah, not the friendliest staff.
Incredible steak.  Delicious.
This place sucks worse than a girl who talks dirty to you and then gives you blue balls.\n\nNo spice, no pleasure, no good. \n\nNow go home and put on the movie \"Insatiable!\"
Typical sushi... besides the location being in market square... nothing really stands out about this place compared to other sushi joints... \n\nI think their prices are on the steep side and the portions seemed small... but maybe I was really hungry... everything was fresh and made to order...
Not impressed. Staff was rude and girls were boring
Yuck\n\nTwo stars because the margaritas were tasty.  The food was horrible.\n\nEverything tasted pre-made, pre-packaged, and horrifically commercial.  Yuck!
They talk highly about their subs. To pricy for one.Very little meat. Subway still ranks #1 still and thats  sad. no healthy subs either. I also didn't like how the manger was done grating other employees. Very rude to their own employees.
Nice show .  its free ,Hey at list they spend money on the show unlike belagio's dancing fountain show that prob takes 1 man to operate  :) \nIt does get crowded and do watch your wallet when your there .
Great service, great food. The conchiglie ai formaggio is incredible!
Must certainly be the best $1.29 lunch in North America.\n\nI had a falafel. It was small, yes, but really enough and quite good. \n\nIf I lived in the neighborhood, I would go here all the time.
To be able to sit in a big comfy chair, eat some good food and drink a beer while in a movie theater is an absolutely wonderful idea. I would highly recommend for everyone to try this even once. The price is steep at $18 a ticket but it's well worth a great experience.
Upscale but not too pricey, for what it is.  Every employee was cordial and helpful.  The decor is comfortable chic.  For a Saturday night, it was (too) quiet.\nGood location, walking distance to Don and Charlie's - a great steak house.
I stopped in to use the bathroom. Disgusting. A swarm of flies and a filth. I will never come here again.
Food is probably 3 stars, but the service ruins the experience. There's a white guy with glasses and a jew-fro who wears a red shirt and has a horrible attitude. We were in awe of how much he seemed to hate being there. That guy needs to be fired.
This is a great \"scene\" but the food was not that great... I had the filet and it was not  very tender and didnt have great flavor... but the wings were great... I think the apps are better than the dinner menu!  \nThe patio rocks!!
Food was good but because we had 10 pieces of sushi left we were charged. We ate most of everything and there was not even close to a full roll left. We only ordered 3 rolls a piece so it wasn't like we over ordered. They lost two good customers because of this nonsense.
The staff was freindly. I have been to many indian food places and this is by far the best. The food was delicious.
Fantastic pizza and you can't beat the lunch special (2 slices and a drink for $5). The slices are huge and FULL of flavor! I took home a menu so we can take advantage of the other specials and specialty pizza selections for a go-to dinner.
This was such a gorgeous area, I literally forgot I was in the desert in 108 degree weather!  Bees, ladybugs, lighthouse, frogs, carousel, bridge, it's all beautiful and covered in colorful fragrant flowers.  Plus it's free!
Don't waste your time, go to the Costco business center and buy the same scrappy food there.
Heaven on a plate.... need i say more!, the bartender was from back east and continually threw out jokes to keep the conversation going. nice guy, our waiter was extremely knowlegable about the menu and led us in the right direction. cutting my filet with a fork was just over the top. This place is amazing.
Come here if you want to spend $50+ per head on burnt, bitter steaks, soggy vegetables and weak sour drinks.
Pretty much a classic, well made walk up custard stand. Great tasting and fresh made every couple of hours. I had their maple walnut custard and added hot caramel and salty pecans- heaven!
BASC Expertise does all my accounting and payroll work.  They are professional and very timely.  The entire staff is great to work with and Deirdre is always willing to answer questions and provide guidance on any matter I might have.  I highly recommend them and the rest of the team.
Sushi was pretty good.  Loved the fact their sushi bar was high seating.  Only downfall was that it was REALLY cold in the restaurant.  I do understand that it is a trick for establishments to turn on the AC to full blast to kick people out.
I LOVE this place! Came here with some of my boys last night and had an awesome time. The atmosphere was very sophisticated and classy but people were still there to have a great time. Cocktail waitresses were very friendly and helpful and no one hesitated to help out or answer a question.  Great overall venue.
Sadly its starting to go downhill. This used to be our go to spot for Brisket every weekend. Now they must be letting some new guys run the place or something because the Brisket is sliced WRONG.\n\nBrisket can only be sliced 1 direction or its ruined! Get your stuff together folks.
Was recommended to this practice from a friend. Wait time in lobby was 30 minutes and I was the only one there, my only complaint. NP Shanna is great and very thorough. They have in office lab and can get you samples of medications which saves you time and money!
I went for an ombr\u00e9 at LV hair and I absolutely love it! She is so professional and sweet and makes you feel very comfortable! Definitely coming to her from now!!
This park sucks.  Unless, you like\n1. Lines to park\n2. Lines to get in the park\n3. Stupid long lines to get any food or drink\n4. Long lines for the bathrooms\n5. Lines to walk\nToo crowded, I'll never come back here
Amazingly good. If you want a place off the strip that is slowed down, quite and has great food and service, go here.
I like interior here, good service , sports programs. But I was disappointed with wings and cold coffe.
Nothing quite matches the quality of people that frequent the Man Cave...\n\n... The cigars are great too. \n\nIf you come in to buy a cigar or two, make sure you stick around to smoke one in the lounge and meet some great new friends.
Nice place. Outdoor seating is great under trees and surrounded by birds. It gets very crowded on the weekend. This place offers food ad well as drinks. The music on Saturday mornings trends to be a bit hip hoppie. , if you wait a little longer, you'll enjoy the relaxing atmosphere and worry music once the crowd leave
So we were here on Wednesday, the 4th.  \nFirst of all, the service was totally awesome!!!  Very attentive and gave some great suggestions on the food.\n\nThe drinks were even better....great place, great atmosphere
Great local place that I don't go to enough.  The food is really good and they have great specials almost everyday.
Too spread out. No atmosphere what so ever. Tempe Market Place much better. With the non-existant traffic planning traffic backs uo forever during an event.Remove two or three anchorcstores and the place would fold. It is so uninspiring I don't even know who is there.
Off the Strip - this cool place is open late until 2 am serving small plates. I had the Chicken & Chorizo Stuffed Mushrooms, and the Empanadas. Both were excellent plus they gave me bread and some cheese spread stuff that was good too.
Duh! Simon Be Boss! Loves One Piece! Believe It! I'm Gonna Be King of the Pirates!
Love my new hair color, Thank you Anthony for taking your time and the care of my hair, I Finally found someone to trust my Locks too!
No service unless asked for, and even then we weren't really 'served', just sort of ignored. Never going there again.
OMG staff super slow and rude, food is disgusting. I will never step a foot in here again and wouldn't recommend you do either.
Good beer of course. Burgers are never cooked to our liking so they need to try to fix that. But overall a decent neighborhood bar w lots of televisions.
I was late to try Over Easy, but clearly there was no harm in waiting.  The service is slow and the food mediocre.  Notwithstanding the hype, nothing special going on here.  I don't plan on returning.
A world-class cocktail bar neatly tucked into the historic grandeur of downtown Phoenix. Try a classic, or let the bartenders prepare one of over 60 cocktails on the menu. Tip: Bitter & Twisted also serves food until 1:30am!
The service has gotten better...
Good pho with fast service! The spring rolls are amazing! Place is really clean
So far the employees are super helpful. The prices are decent. Coffee is not bad. The only problem I have is the drive thru. Kind of tight for big trucks. I have to try again to completely enjoy everything. the stars are for the coffee and staff.
Had a awesome time at this club.  So many beautiful women in the club just wanting to have a fun time.  If you are in the area, hit up this club and get ready for a memorable night.
First time in PHX, fresh off a flight.  Yelped s.e.e.d. and grabbed a fresh juice and 2 energy bars.  Really friendly people, ccol place too. I would def hang out here, do yoga and spin, and eat and what not if I lived here...
Very authentic diner style food.  We enjoy this place mostly because it s a serious hidden hideaway place.  And it is amazing for kids.
Let's hype it up and then not show up.\n\nWhy exist when you only have six people show up on a Saturday night in the summer?
This is my favorite little place to come down over to after a long night of work. Great specials to be found ( 60cent boneless wings on thursdays and 60 cent bone in or boneless on Tuesdays) usally a very rowdy crowd but its always fun. Best of all its a 24 hour location.
One word - SLOWWWWWWWWWWW \n\nExpect to wait - Service Staff are more concerned about talking to each other \n\nWill not be going back
This place is pretty much a Jamba Juice on steroids.  If you don't know what a Jamba Juice is, forget about it, and enjoy your Tropical Smoothie.   They have more options as well as healthy food selections.  I will be back before I leave the Vegas.
Stopped in for the first time today, couldn't be more happy with the experience. Ribs were excellent,  service was great and very attentive.  Highly recommend Smoky Jon's and will be visiting again soon.
Very good carne asada and bean n cheese burritos.  Fast n friendly service.
The prime rib was over cooked.  The pork loin was dry.  Not a large selection of desserts.  They got rid of the black velvet chocolate cake.
Food is ok, however, the customer service was the worse I ever had. We had to get our own menus and they took forever to get our food. Poor customer service, poor infrastructure, high prices. That was the first and last time for that place.
Always friendly and great food but the person working the last window through the drive-through messed up....he just gave me my order and didn't repeat back what it was and seemed in a hurry to do something else than take the time for the customer at the drive-through. Otherwise I would have given them 5 stars.
This place has the potential to be very good, but it's very inconsistent when it comes to their product.  In the past I've found the taste a bit bland, and today the pizza was overcooked.
Saw the good reviews and decided to try it out. Quality of the food and service wasn't that great... I guess I'm just use to the savory flavors of California sushi. Not my cup of tea.
They scratched my car. A big one and my bad that I didn't notice it while picking up the car. What more I have to say?
We go here and Top Shelf a bunch.  It's ok.  I usually get the chimi for dinner and it's great.  Service is usually good.  Can't complain.  Chips and salsa is ok.  Decent place to get average Mexican food.
You can buy beer here for $1.99 or at a bar just feet away in Planet Hollywood for $8. Your choice. Bring a bottle opener. They won't open them for you.
The food was all top notch one of the best steaks I have ever had. The stories of old Vegas were great from the show girls that work there.
Good location, nice atmosphere good prices big 32 oz beers. Good bar food. Friendly staff. Lots of TVs.
We wanted to like this restaurant... the food was forgettable. There was almost no taste to anything. The decor is lively and the staff was pleasant. I do not see us good back there.
Place was clean. The food and service was fine. If you're in the mood for some Ruby Tuesday, you found it.
This place is a boot leg of cold stone. Ice cream was good but customer service sucked. To top it off I was the only customer in there.
Attended a Meet the Las Vegas Legends events for kids 5/24/13. The indoor complex is ok, but in desperate need of maintenance and deep cleaning.
Our go to Thai restaurant .. Nice decor / great service / right next to the movie theatre. They are closed one day of the week can't remember if it's tues or wed .. Great lunch special deal . Fabulous soups and red curry
the food wasn't very good, and the organ player didn't seem to know any of the songs we requested.
OMG - Chef John Walsh and Matthew our waiter have totally turned my most hated food, brussel sprouts, into a culinary delight for my taste buds! Im spoiled and totally done for - guarantee I will try to make these at home or come back to feed my inner epicure!
What an amazing meal. We are never disappointed, and tonight's lamb shank special. Superb!  No need to have a flashy exterior, when you have fantastic food in the interior.
Horrible experience!
Steak Tartare was very good. Salads were weak. Seafood Platter was very weak. Need to improve.
Great idea, I wanted to like it.  Pros: Mill Ave, Unique flavors, all natural  Cons: $3, average taste, low inventory, no one there, employee (not helpful and didn't know the register). Would never go out of my way to get another one.
Had detail done 5 hrs and still not good. Had to come back and spend another 6 hrs to get it good enough. Always busy Friday thru Sunday. Don't leave anything you want to keep in your Veh! They cleared out my change holder. Extra $4.00 tip I guess
Really, really like this place from the food to the artwork and memorabilia.  We had the banana bread and pumpkin bread. So good and the butter took it over the top. Omelette was good.  The chicken fried steak was okay.  The service was pretty fast.
Always consistent. Great service, great carne asada and a pleasant patio on a beautiful day.
Like all outets, it'll be a hit or miss. And it seems Vegas gets the best outlets. The only bad thing about his outlet is it's outdoors. Either you'll be sweating under the hot sun or freezing cold in the winter. Loads of tourists here of course.
The price was great, $44 for a Cool Sport pass (we didnt do the whitewater rafting).  There were plenty of different activities to do, and the lines were short and went quickly! The staff was so friendly and helpful! So much fun, definitely go if you have the chance :)
I've never had worse service in my life. The people here are very short worded, unhelpful and sad to say rude. What ever happened to common curtesy? I wish I could give them a 0 star rating, but that's not possible through yelp.
I have been coming here for years. and I love it.  Everyone here is so nice. I haven't so many amazing students & teachers. I recommend it to everyone & will continue to come here.
My experience here was terrible with Becky... That's the only problem with the place.\n\nHowever, Dr. Sotelo, Dr. Cannon, and Dr. Resnick are absolutely amazing.
I absolutely love Panera! The location is awesome, the service is great and the food is AMAZING! I can't go without getting the Mac n Cheese!
Rude owners! Wouldn't recommend as they made their paying guest feel uncomfortable and unwelcome!
Perfect day for a swim, pool looks maintained and clean. Got early enough we got chairs to lay out on. Not a whole lot to review, its a pool not crowded (yet). Sunscreen check I'm good to go
Good food, great service, and great drinks.  This is a nice change of pace from the usual Yard House stop in Town Square.  I'd come back again.
An Arcadia restaurant feel in South Scottsdale. Finally! Happy hour is only $1 off f&b which isn't all that great but we still enjoyed. The cocktails were good and food was also reasonably priced and tasty. Will definitely be back.
I got sick the last 2 times i came here. The Food is really unimpressive and the service is just the worst.\n\nJust skip this place, there are a lot of places for Pho in Vegas
Pretty nice place, even though they weren't prepared for BCS championship crowd and closed at midnight. Bartenders were at least pretty nice about it.
This store is great ! Nice price point and an overall good environment ! The staff offer wine or water and are very polite and give the best service in town. The men's collection is amazing and the women's collection is growing and looks great! Must stop in when your at town square.
This restaurant ambience is cool, the terrace is wonderful and they have a large variety of food. However the food is medicare, so its a nice place to go when people want to eat everything and price is average and quality is average, though its nice to hang out there.
Average food, average service, same 5 bands on rotation playing super loud 80s music. Manager is rude and just scowls at everyone. Clientele that believe it is still the 80s. Off track betting for the old guys. A handful of tweakers. A couple of homeless guys. What more could you want?
The food was decent, but prices were stupid expensive. The lunch portions were minimal for $8.50, the 1/2# fajitas were $20. Small sides of guacamole are $2.25. Given the early 90's cheese decor, your money would be well spent elsewhere.
The shop is very professional. Devon is devoted to hair care and keeping your hair healthy. Devon is very service oriented and will make sure you leave happy. I have been coming to her for over a year and I definitely recommend her to anyone who is looking for a quality salon.
Prompt.  Professional.  Prices about the going rate.\nDee was the tow truck driver.  Nice guy.\nI would use these folks again.
Food is really good, plus it's a nice change for Anthem.   Don't forget to try them for breakfast.  Not expensive per se.....
I usually get what I want here when I need it.  in and out in a flash.  Good people working here.
Just OK\nWe had plain chocolate, pistachio, coconut, mango. \nNothing That would make me visit the store again.
Bad service. Appetizers came out after meal. After I asked to just cancel it. Tea was sour, she said she would replace it and never did. Sarcastic attitude when asking about meal. Baked Potato with the works on side. The side never came.
I had the bake chicken with collard greens and bake mac and cheese......it was good. The greens were verryy salty and the spice snuck up on me, but the chicken was great. I wish they had rolls because everyone don't eat cornbread.
LOVE LOVE LOVE.  Never leave. Best pastries in town. The only thing I wish is that you were open more often.
Cherry Lash lounge is amazing!  Everyone is professional and exceptionally talented!
This store is clean, smells great, and has a very friendly staff. I just recently started playing magic and come here to buy boosters at 20% off....which is AWESOME.
In comparison to Chandler Gringos, I like this one much less. It was DEAD on a Friday night and nothing special going on with pricing. We got a drink and bounced out to the next place.
Typical Port of Subs food, which means it's pretty good but not the best in town.  One problem with this location is that they don't seem to want to sell gift cards.  Cash or debit card only, and debit card use comes with a fee.  Credit card is fine for the food so not sure what the issue is.
Super sloooooowwwwwwww, but I'm was at the Excalibur and wanted Starbucks
Average Japanese food at amazing Japanese food prices.
Happy Hour was awesome!  A great server Tim brought us Lobster Tacos and Sweet Potato Fries offering a wide selection of beers and wines.  Pasta was excellent too.  Nice atmosphere.  Will be back for full-fledged dinner!
Crowded during the peak times with really slow service. Recommend off peak times, especially if you have kids like we do. Scallop Dynamite is really good and so is the King Crab tempura.
Was good and on par for what it is. Mashed potatoes seemed a little fake, and the soda was flat and only had like 2 ice cubes floating in it. Service was nothing special. All in all, it was Famous Daves.
I have been here several times for take out. I always have had a good meal. Always hot and just the way I order it. The staff is really nice. I would recommend it!
You have to be kidding. If.you think.this is grate food. You  can.do.better at tacco bell.
Great!! My favorite food, this one and the one by my work are both really yummy. Chicken flat bread pizza is by far my favorite. Good food and beer can't complain.
Most authentic Chinese food from China (not American Chinese) I have ever had. I travel to China 2-3 times a year and it is EXACTLY the same. Have the spicy beef hot pot and spicy tofu, both were excellent! This is a real experience for anyone that has never traveled to China before
I thought I had been to the slowest Starbucks ever. This one is slower.   You know what I want to do in Las Vegas? Sit in Starbucks for half an hour waiting for a frappuccino. Luckily, it only took 3 times to get them to put espresso in the drink.
The golden nugget buffet uses the phrase \"the perfect balance of cheap and good.\"  Envy should use the phrase \"the perfect balance of expensive and crappy.\"
An iced Cafe Mocha with an extra shot is the same in Topeka as it is here. This location gets 4 stars based on service. It's service that's fast and without attitude.
Kamille does amazing work! She seriously does some of the most creative nails I have ever seen. I absolutely love getting my nails done by her. She really is an artist.
Lobbys is great. I give the establishment itself three stars, it is very boring inside and atmosphere wise a little cold, but the burgers, oh baby the burgers are an easy five stars. These big, juicy, sloppy sandwiches are so freaking good. Get a double with cheese and bacon and indulge.
Good breakfast spot ... Service was good food was good . I got the corn beef hash dish which was above average.
I thought the hot dog was good, but not $6 good. It would have been nice to have had a choice of a regular bun instead of the flat bread. \n\nI am not sure why everyone is raving over this food truck. There are better alternatives for hot dogs in this city, especially if you are downtown.
Really enjoyed my time here. The staff were awesome, always on top of refills and making sure everything was ok. Plenty of beer choices, food was excellent.. The atmosphere was pretty cool, a lot of tv's, seating, and good people laughing. I would definitely come back. Check this place out!
burgers were terribly unoriginal.  french fries came strait out of the safeway freezer section.  the guy working was so hungover it was kind of sad to watch.
I went in mid day on a Saturday and was helped immediately! Quick, exacting, and they really want you to be happy. Talking with you and getting your eyebrows just right, helped ease the tension. Highly recommend!
Food is ok..Tables are made for little people...not average sized people...Service is just OK!
The wait staff kept on telling us that the bread was on its way as it was in the oven after a 1/2 hour the bread comes out wrapped in a napking and it was ice cold stale rolls  (we laughed)
A nice place to have a sandwich and enjoy the open space!. Good to brunch in a big group. I still haven't try the morning glory cafe, but soups and sandwiches feel FRESH!
Seat yourself at this friendly restaurant.  Good burger.  Peach cobbler ala mode was good.  Might want to try the apple pie next time.
Kat has been doing my nails for years. I refuse to see anyone else. Her prices are great, the nail spa is gorgeous and the staff is so friendly.
sorry...I'd ...never want to eat here...tried txice...not good enough for me
This is my favorite fast sushi place, they have very good sushi even though variety is limited its a very good place to catch some sushi for lunch or hawaain BBQ.  I visit Maui at least once a week
Over priced \nLame pizza\nNot worth the effort
Average food. Lack presentation, ingenuity, and tasty. Taste like something I've picked up from a grocery store.
These guys were great.  They were prompt, even though it's quite a trip to get to my house, polite, and reasonably priced.  Everything I'm looking for in a plumber.
I would recommend to NOT get coffee here. A group of us ordered drinks, all drinks had burnt shots, and the 16 oz drinks were half full. The barista filled half the drink with foam. Very disappointed.
Good drinks, sometimes not so good service, but oh well.
got so sick. there route 99 was so greasy it was oily and gross couldnt even finish it. had the worst stomach flu for 2 days.
I got the smaller family deal. Food was great and inexpensive for the amount of food we got. Good place to bring your kids. They have a wall for them to write on with chalk and the guy working there let my little girl try some of their gellato.
Radiant Inc. is absolutely amazing! Rachel and Andrew are both so talented, professional, funny, creative, respectful, the list goes on and on. Their photos are mind blowing and beautiful. I love working with them and highly recommend working with them.
Not worth the price... There is a holiday down the street you are better off at.  Small rooms, terribly loud at all hours ....never staying here again!
Love this place. This stop is a must on my way to work. Just wish there was one closer to my house.
Wow!  Everything we had here was perfect.  The pork belly was so tender and had a brown sugar crust.  The scallops came in a thick corn soup - we could have licked the bowl.  We also had a beet salad and tuna, two selections of cheese, and a chocolate mousse dessert.  All were fantastic!
Best fried chicken I have ever eaten!  Service is a bit unreliable but the chicken makes up for the service.
Worst customer service I have ever experienced in my entire life. I never write reviews but after this experience, I thought it my duty to warn future patrons. Never will I ever come back...not even if the food was free.
Very bad taste, half cooked gravy flavor, both dishes tasted the same, and bad service not to mention couldn't eat the food or pack it, and they didn't care we threw the food and we didn't like it. No credit courtesy at all. Never going back. Waste of money.
Came here with a Groupon because I would not come to the Paris otherwise. Never had a good experience here and this place lives up to my expectations.  The service was terrible and the place smelled like vomit. Not worth coming here even with a Groupon.
My mother and I just stopped in to check it out.  Neither of us had eaten here.  I loved that the menu was small and the food was fabulous.  We of coarse had a milkshake which was awesome!  I was pleasantly surprised, even the waitress was as sweet as their milkshakes.  \nVery good experience
Nothing to rave about. Located on the 2nd floor on St. Paul street. Service is average.
Awful and expensive.  Had a prime rib sandwich. Had a couple bites and threw away the rest.  Mac salad was very dry and had no flavor.
Fantastic place! Five of us went Friday night. Not only was the food great, but our server was a pleasure as well! We will definitely be back!
Walked here from the Elara and it was worth it.  Not crowded early in the morning, and service was friendly and attentive.  The food came out much quicker than expected.
Pump action shotty, homeboy..\n\nShoot it.\n\n\nMy boss paid for me, so I can't complain about value per dollar spent, but this place really has it all.
Who doesnt love starbucks! Any place, any time!
Should of went to Grimaldi's......
This place has become one of our regular dinner places.  The food and service are always great.  I am upgrading my rating to 5 stars.
Absolutely terrible service.  The waitress ignored us while checking her nails.  Drinks are watered down and overpriced.  It's a 2 drink minimum and the entire place was empty.
When dining here you must sit on the patio that overlooks the 18th green. It is absolutely picturesque. To start your meal have the Navajo corn chowder. It has a little kick to it but it's extremely tasty. For an entree the Sonoran Chicken Pasta or the Southwestern Chicken Wrap are my personal favorites.
Love this Brooklyn Bagel. Super friendly staff consistently. The food is always fantastic!
I had a veggie sandwich.  The bread was fresh and it was pretty darn tastey.  Servers were very friendly and accomodating.
Right up their with hajji baba as my favorite middle eastern restaurant in Tempe. Amazing gyro plate and gyro salad. Great hummus!
A culinary delight!   Amazing food, inviting ambience, and outstanding service.   I can't wait to return.
Not sure why Las Vegas struggles to have good BBQ. This place is highly overrated. The ribs are par-boiled and the food is mediocre.
I like me some ice cream.
Nice selection of vegan foods and love their wine bar!
Recently moved from California so it's safe to say I love Mexican food this place is right around the corner from my house so I decided to try it around midnight after a long night at work and I wasn't disappointed they were fast and we'll priced, will definitely be a repeat customer
Knocked Ruth off the top of my list.  Sorry lady.  My only issue is that the size of each portion of meat is not listed on the menu.  My meat was cooked to perfection (which is my requirement), and the wait staff was personable. I am a convert. Thank you Fleming's. I am in love.
whenever we are in vegas and need a boba fix we check this place out.  it is kinda pricey for tea, but we love it!
For $20 at the side door Andrew will let you skip the line. This place is over rated.
Underwhelmed is how I would sum up my experience. I way overpaid for the quality of cleaning. They forgot to clean my dashboard, the vacuuming was so-so and my windows were streaked. 1.5 stars and I won't be back.
Garlic King and Pot Stickers $20. Very expensive for what I received.  Food was cold, once heated up, the taste was OK.   There are much better Asian food in the area for a better price. I would not recommend this place.
Great fast service, and the employees were friendly. I ordered a Philly cheesesteak with jalapenos and it was made within a few minutes and was streaming hot and delicious. I can't wait to come back and try another sandwich
This is one chapel we visited and it was not for us at all. This place is not a place I would  want my bride to remember as the place we wed. I would be a bit embarrassed to have my guest watch us get married here. Yeh Yeh it's Vegas but it really wasn't our style.
The best place to get threading in the northwest.  The shop is very chic,  it's a fresh boutique.  Sarah is my favorite,  she is pleasant,  sweet and really knows what she's doing.  Be sure to buy the membership card,  it's a great savings.
Visually stunning, amazing and talented performers. Don't think there's a bad seat in the house.
Garbage! Not enough meat, forgot cheese and mayo. Then the owner lied about replacing the sandwiches. He wanted us to wait another hours for our sandwiches. Fuck that!
Food is great but the last time i went the cook was sick and coughing up a storm and was not washing his hands i had to leave with out eating my food.
We literally go there every week or two - the food is that good. Service is always excellent.  It still doesn't make sense to charge extra for tortiallas when you only give 1 with the meal.
Delicious & great service!!!! The pineapple mimosa was AWESOME!
Meh. Not that great. I got the sesame chicken lunch combo and totally regret it. The egg roll tasted like it was previously frozen & lacked flavor. The chicken was way too salty and the rice was edible but nothing special.
The park really has fantastic views of the mountains nearby. I attended an art fair there a few weeks ago that was a blast. \n\nThis park is good for playing any sports that require lots of flat ground. Soccer, football, ultimate frisbee, etc.
Paul the bar manager is awesome!!! Lemon Pepper wings are amazing and the Hooter girls on a Friday night are blonde and really cute. My girl friend & I will definitely be back again & again :)
I like the groceries I can get cheaper then the grocery store. I dont like the produce. I prefer Sprouts. I really don't appreciate the long walk from body wash & shampoo all the way to the other side of the store for facial tissue & toilet paper.
This store sells expired product and refuses to exchange or refund. Buyer beware!!!!
Had lunch with a colleague on a Thursday. Look over the Bento selections and against my better judgement went with the Salmon Teriyaki. Not good, not bad just very average. \nI like the happy hour, it is always a lively time and drink and food specials are great and deserve 4 stars. Just was not impressed with lunch there.
I attempted to return a faulty vape fluid here once and they called to have my car towed. Not exactly the must adult response to a customer service request, methinks.
Last two times we came here the food wasn't great and both times I had hair in my food. :(   Don't get the deep dish pizza - no sauce of cheese. The regular pizza us pretty good.
I sat for 8 minutes without being greeted by the waiter, no drinks were offered. I left after expressing my dissatisfaction to the hostess. Thanks for the terrible service.
Didn't love it. Noisy, greasy, ridiculously unhealthy and you need to pay cash.
Wow. Amazing!!! we had pad Thai,pad see ew, garlic prawn, mussels. Everything was delicious!  Nothing went wrong. Their customer service is great! Nothing to complain about this place!
I have to say, as far as overall yummy goodness, Mildred's rocks!  But yes, it wasn't as clean as one might like, but the visible food prep was area was clean, and since I take it to go when I'm there, no problemo!
My first time here and the food was excellent. They have a new customer for life. I had a chimichanga and a green burrito, salsa and chips excellent too
Pizza was almost burnt  the crust was too salty  worst pizza I've had ever
Lumenbrite Training Center offers Adobe training courses in a very professional and friendly environment. The center is well-equipped and staffed by qualified professionals. The course contents are well organized. It is worth spending the time there to learn new stuff.
The steaks were excellent, but the sides were terrible.  Small and too salty, the potatoes tasted like instant.  The Caesar salad was extremely lemony. The service was so so.  We asked for more bread, it never came.  We felt rushed even though the restaurant wasn't even half full.
What can I say? Quality, consistency, service. Even asked tj to bake the pizza extra, and they added that to my phone profile. Usually here a couple of times a month.
Great store - lot of \"hippie\" things to chose from and good selection of cigars / tobacco.  Very clean and friendly staff
They have an amazing sound system thats so loud you can feel it.
Dirty men's room.   Manager standing, eating in front of customers.   Unsure of who our server was.  Serving staff appeared and disappeared.  No one returned to fill coffee.    Pancakes were good, the rest of the food average.   Noisy.   Disappointing after so many strong reviews. There are better options.
Didn't try the Bobbie, but have had a couple other sandwiches from here and they are good, but nothing out of this world. They guy at checkout doesn't seem like a people person and sounds annoyed calling your name when your order is ready. Would eat here again if really hungry and there weren't other convenient options.
The meat is decent but it's way over priced for the sandwich you get. I mean, I know it's supposed to be \"fast\" but this just sucks. I wished I walked out to the strip and just went to mcdonalds.
If you want to stay away from the strip this is the place to stay. I stayed here not by choice for edc it was not a good place lots older people and lots of family with little children so walking around half naked don't stay here for edc
Food is always good!
I give it 3.5 stars only because I have been to lots of tapas places and have had better food.\n\nMaybe in Vegas this is the best place for Tapas?\n\nIt was ok. Good food. Nothing great. If I lived here would probably not come back.
Good Thai dishes. Make sure you understand the Spicy levels.
Fast delivery .... Great .... Bland pizza dough if not for cheese and sauce i may not have eaten more than one slice of pizza
Great for takeout but I took one star off for seating. the food is wonderful, though!Love the mediterranean salad and spinach calzone.
horrible place to rent a car! The employees must get a kick back from ripping people off. DONT NOT RENT FROM these people unless u want to ruin your vacation!
Very good food. Very good atmosphere!!! We will definitely come back!!! The tostadas and the fried fish were excellent. The fish was very moisture.
Cafe Rio is great. They offer fresh produce with their food at a great price. Their Barbacoa (pork) is quite tasty and great in the tostada.
Fantastic food, wine, and service. Great prices for a strip locale (which means its priced normally for a big city fancy restaurant)
The food at this place is amazing. Blows olive garden away Big Time. So far best Italian restaurant in Phoenix. Great food, great atmosphere. Only draw back is it's a little small. Other than that would of been 5 star
Products are good, but do not count on them for technical support.  Their staff is either unknowlegable or just does not care about customer support.  My two order inquiries were answered quickly, but the both responses were akin to 'go away and don't bother me.\"  I found another company that would support their products.
Great food service. Good service.
Went to send out a package and had to deal with a very rude employee. She didn't even want to be there.  Don't waste your time just go next door to FedEx.
Fresh Seafoods.  Friendly Staffs.  Highly Recommended!  Since I stayed in Embassy's suite which's right across I got a coupon for free appetizer!  The free crabcake is off the chart!
As compared to my experience of the Roadrunner on Pebble - this one was far worse - food quality and preparation was very poor, service was slow and inattentive, on a fairly slow weekend day nonetheless.\n\nCannot recommend.
I thought the service was great... I went for the dinner buffet. The prime rib was delish and the creme brulee was amazing!! Aside from that I thought everything was pretty standard.
Worst restaurant in Las Vegas....service very slow...drinks overpriced.....food overpriced and not good....too bad cuz in good location at town square.... $180 wasted!!!
Almost always prompt, polite, service.  The prices are beyond reasonable, and the quality has never lacked.  I would recommend anyone (who does not want SUPER traditional decor and feel) try this restaurant.
I've eaten at this place so many times I have lost count.  To be quite honest it used to be pretty good, but the last couple of times that I've been, the food and service was pretty poor.  In my opinion, if you are down by Concord Mills and are in the mood for Asian cuisine, go to Yama
Worth checking out.  The food was good and the scene is relaxed.
hmmmmm their seafood is to die for, and the dessert i had yum yum i was in heaven def will go back when i go back to vegas!!!!
This is my favorite QT.\nKnow why?\nI'll tell you why.\nProximity.\nThat's it.\nBAM
Good stuff! Much needed on a hot day!
Lackluster food, unpleasant service. Otherwise, this is a fairly unremarkable establishment, after all.
This place has good food and friendly service but hardly any business. I was there on a weekday at 7 pm and I was the only person there. Not sure if that's do to panda express being  next door.
I really wanted to like this place.  It's so close to where I live and work, it would have been great to find a good Mexican restaurant nearby.  Alas, I was disappointed in the food and the service.  Enough to not go back again.
This has to be one of the top restaurants in Charlotte. The food is always great and the staff is on point every time we dine here. (We sit at the bar almost every time). \n\nThe Bar staff is friendly and if we go to SouthPark we can count on a great time at Bricktops.
The service here is SUPERB. Our waitress Kat was so much FUN & the owner Anthony was accommodating. We had a table of six and everyone was happy with the food in this restaurant. Just can not wait to go back!!!
Small room with a small window even after paying for an upgrade. Smelled old. Rude service at front desk. I should have stayed at a student hostel. At least you get what you paid for at a student hostel.
Love this place!  Never had a bad experience here.  Food is great with plenty of beer to choose from.
The best burger i've ever had. It is amazing. Might as well name it Build-A-Burger. The service was good and the amount of food is great. I have nothing bad to say about the burger. I will come here again when I make my visit to vegas.
Great food using local sources.  Really cool casual vibe.  Love it!
The tea is good, but the food is not. All of the \"fish\" in the hot pots are artificial and tasteless. I will not eat here again nor do I recommend others to eat here.
Worst Taco Bell ever always out of different soda every time I come. No sense of urgency it's suppose to be fast food but waited in a line for 15 min just to order. Cashier was so slow and so was all the people in back someone should light a fire in there butt for sure
This hotel is far better looking from the outside. The casino floor isn't very inviting, nor was I impressed with the buffet. That's all I have to say about that.
Terrific comedians. Brad Garrett was not there when we were, but the comedians on stage were hi-larious!   We loved the show and talked about the jokes all weekend in Vegas.  The second night we went to the Improv at Harrah's and it wasn't nearly as good.
Over $23 dollars for 2 \"value\" meals and both my husband and I got sick. Don't waste your money or ruin your health.
Not sure how they're boasting #1 rated pizza. It was ok. Thin large slices resemble NY style but not very authentic. Service was slow at the bar. I stood around for a while even searching for someone who worked there - no one behind the bar at all. Bathrooms smells like sewage and mildew buildup.
Very disappointed with this place, small selection of ice cream, way overpriced. Some of the ice cream were melted and freeze again, sorbet tasted like water with loads of sugar. Won't be back.
Great buffet with just the right amount of selection for the stir fry section and finger foods. When I'm hungry all I want is a steaming plate of stir fry noodles and some of those crab puffs!
Don't believe their estimated time on take-out orders. Cut it in half. I was told 25 minutes and I was there a few minutes early yet the food was cold.  They didn't seem to feel it was a problem.  Tasted like yesterday's food.
Wait for a table was almost intolerable ; 2.5 hours, wish my patience would have been rewarded with the world's greatest pizza. Sadly, it was not.  What a let down !
The entire staff is always very friendly and extremely helpful. Nick recently helped my mother with her car while she was on vacation out of state, thanks Nick!
Awesome authentic Korean food with Korean TV shows. Owners are the actual server and very mindful of their costumer.
Old and creepy 7 eleven next door to many run down stores. But it got me what I needed at a cheap price compared to the rest of vegas haha
Wow, decided to give it another chance after the manager reached out to me. This time we did dungeness, snow crab legs, and motzerella sticks. The crab was some of the best I have ever had. Ali, our server, was friendly and prompt. Great experience. Will be back!
This show was ...o..k...at the most...there's not a lot of acrobatics like the other shows...not a lot of actions....I would recommend another show from Cirque Du Soleil...
Beautiful decor, service is great, the food is incredible, 6 of us went for happy hour and the table was filled with fantastic plates. Lobster potstickers, crab Rangoon, sushi, edamame, Elements bowls etc and very reasonable even with drinks.
I like going here because if you look hard and often enough you will find a fabulous deal. It is pretty much always swamped though with plenty of crying babies and people in general so bring an Ipod!
The hotel itself is beautiful, but way too big. There is always a conference of some sort going on, so be prepared to wait 10-20 minutes for an elevator. Not very efficient. It's also very loud. Excellent pool though.
Dave @ store #3081 provided great customer service. Been coming to this location for years.
It's okay... Typical chain restaurant with mediocre food.  Service was not great.  Fun atmosphere with movie memorabilia.
Aaron did reach out to me to rectify the situation and it was much appreciated \n\nI'm going to use the credit given to give them a second shot, I'll let you guys know how it goes
Shortly after posting this review someone from Pep Boys requested I email them about the situation at hand. Would you guess I received NO response?! What a crock. Save yourself and do not bring your car to a Pep Boys Service Center!
We went for happy hour and I have to say I loved everything I got including the oysters and soft shell crab :) two thumbs up
Good soups, shitty service. Possibly the worst service I have ever head. The hostess is more concern with her hair the actually taking care of costumers. The price is high as well for what you getting. It's a shame, because the food is actually tasty.
Liked the theme, didn't care for the execution.  Portions were scant, prices not commensurate with value.  All three diners were disappointed.  Left still hungry.
Had to leave!!! To sit inside the wait was over 40 min.... Went outside and the umbrella flew away!!!! Waited and waited for a waiter and nothing!!!;
The theatre is good and I will say clean. I did not find the Imax theatre to be impressive. Overall this could have been any theater, anywhere. It was pretty nondescript.
Do not rent from Avis. We extended our car rental for a week they did not enter in the computer nor did they disclose the fees. All the fees were more than the car rental. Horrible customer service and manager was not helpful at all.
Grouchy staff.
Horrible the waiter frank made us feel so uncomfortable with his comments. He was obviously drunk and was embarrassed us trying to get pretty girls to take pics. Creepy! We will never return
Tasty, even if you are not a vegetarian, you will like this place. The food is great, it is inexpensive. The atmosphere is a bit lacking, but two out of three ain't bad.
Will never go back, Have been here twice, what a mistake. Expect to send your food back when it comes out. Burgers were burnt , Soup was cold. Everything is loaded with salt. Awful food. Cosmopolitan staff doesn't care if you complain about it
It's ok I've had better but for the price not bad. Orange chicken was ok, place looked clean, but the resturant was extremely hot inside looks like the had the A/C off
Make sure to inspect each and every piece for dings and deformities before you assemble. The materials used are very soft and deform very easily.
Will keep this short and sweet.   \"Don't Go\".
One of the best Dairy Queens I've been to.  Very clean,   friendly staff. ... We had Pumpkin pie blizzards.  Yum!
Very clean, friendly waitress, food was very fresh. Outside patio seating is nice. Can't beat 99 cent tacos on Tues. I will return.
Incredibly compassionate and professional staff and doctors. If you are tired of being treated like they don't need your business and don't care about your pets then you need to change to this hospital !
Really wasn't too impressed.  The service was lousy and the food was mediocre.  Probably will not return.
I saw Hurt and Revenge of the Fallen here last week.  Very cool small venue.  The sound quality was good, full service bar right in the middle of the place and the tickets were only $15.  There were several small bands playing prior to my arrival too.  I will be checking their calendar for upcoming shows and will definitely return.
I found the food to be mediocre. Ribs were not tender. Restaurant is VERY noisy. Quite pricey too. Memphis in Vegas is a much better BBQ experience.
Angry server, terrible food but great beers.  Yup, a real pub like you'll find back in Ireland. Go for the beer and pub atmosphere but eat next door at rice paper.
CLOSED ... actually sold to Planet Hollywood.
Very good food! Their service was awesome and im from california! Definitely will come back.
Overpriced.\nOvercooked steak.\nSlow service.\nDefinitely not up to vegas standards.\nNothing unique.\nI was very let down.
They stop and give me a ticket and a hot female can just get off. That's bs phx pd. Kiss my you know what.
I love this place! Alex was helpful and honest. I will definitely be back and recommend to all my friends.
This place has long been closed. Putting one star so it'll fall lower in searches. I personally used to go to this place quite often.
Worst Indian food I ever ate.  If there is zero star I would give a zero star.  Food was cold, old and stale.  I strongly recommend not to eat here. Food sucks here.
I love this Coffee Bean!  The baristas all know me and I know many of them.  The drinks are richer and tastier than most of what Starbucks offers.  They have a great variety too!  Check them out if you haven't!
Excellent place to get a cover-up to erase a hasty decision aka a mistake.  Price was more than reasonable and they gave an appointment on Xmas to work with my schedule, which was greatly appreciated. Thanks, Duke!
Service definitely lacking
BBQ not bad, not the best, not the worse, Sauce is better than the pulled pork. several sauces to choose from. Atmosphere was great. Service was also good. Being from TX perhaps I'm use to Texas style BBQ. \n\nI will go back
I want to give this place another try due to the reviews. I got the fish tacos and the fish was not de-boned making the whole taco disappointing. I will try the pasties next time I think since they look amazing.
Friends don't let friends fly US airways . . . Seriously!! Pay the $10 $20 $50 for a better airline horrible customer service not even offered a food voucher for their mistake that has me here waiting til 641pm got here at 9am o_O
Probably as close to the real New York as you can get here in Vegas. The highlight of this casino is the roller coaster of course. If you are a thrill seeker this is definitely the place for you!
I play 6 a side here every Saturday.  We have a bond which guarantees a regular slot.  3g style \"long grass\" artificial surfaces which are in decent shape.  1 big pitch (in separate building) 10 smaller 5s pitches.  Facilities are OK but changing could be better, cleaner etc.  Vending machines.
Sober and ohh so good. Crust is not oily and just the perfect amount of sauce on my cheese slice. Nom nom!!!!
Crappy food, waiters rush everything everyone. And they add tips in your bill regardless how you like the service. The worst part is they use \u6c38\u548c\u8c46\u6f3fbrand to fool the unknowings. Stay away
I usually love BWW but I went in and it was the worst experience I've had in a long time. The chicken was over cooked and they skimped on the sauce. The manager even called the food terrible yet did nothing about it. I would recommend going, just not to this restaurant. We also received terrible service full of excuses.
I went in...no one out front. Stood at the counter for 6 mins. The girl behind their wooden swing doors had to of seen me. After 7 mins, I walked out. Will not return. \n\nTheir soda machine had duct tape over all the choices. Must not do inventory checks.
My first time here   . The decor here was great the place was super clean  . I was greeted immediately felt welcome . Food came out fast and hot  the waiter Shane  was the best ever !!!! A ++++
Visited here awhile back. Was a nice experience, first time to visit. Very good art museum and gardens to compliment the views.
My favorite restaurant to eat at when In Las Vegas! Not only is the food amazing, but I love sitting on the terrace getting to enjoy the weather and watching the show going on at Treasure Island across the way.10 stars, will go back every time I'm in Vegas!
Found this place on the west side of town 35ave & Glendale. So glad we did it has a great fish fry on Friday. $ 10.  All you can eat cod. What a deal it comes with frys, coleslaw or potato salad. The service is friendly & good.
My \"Tender loin something sandwich\" just tasted like a Lunchable's ham & cheese cracker.
wasn't too bad.  good quality froyo however i thought the place itself was a little too small and the set up wasn't very accommodating for a large crowd.  \n\nall in all the froyo was pretty tasty and thats all you can really ask for.
I have not met Dr. Miller.  I go there now because Dr. Canfiled retired from his practice and sold it to Dr. Miller.  The dental hygienist was the same and she does a fine job.
I stopped here on a road trip from Phoenix to San Diego.  This place was hoppin'.  It had what I needed though which was gasoline and a clean restroom.  I don't think I'll ever stop here again if I can avoid it since it was so busy.
My goodness it gets crowded. VERY CROWDED. I haven't stayed in a suite yet, just visited the hotel. I think it's a cool hotel......Loved the turkey wrap I had at the Rainforest Cafe....and I love the lions!
First time to the place. The door guys were really friendly. music was awsome all night long. great bar specials all night long. its a big place.
Great food for a great price. I love pho and this place definitely makes the grade
Fun roller coaster very fast and fun. Te only down side is it is very rough ride for you but fun though.
Nice quality tuna excellent use of sesame seed on the sushi roll positive experience tried the jalapeno bomber hotttt!
Loved the little 3D show they had here, other than that the MMs were overpriced & it'd most likely melt in the Vegas sizzling weather anyways.
Can't believe they sell nazi items here.  Will never be back as well as their customer service and knowledge was  very poor.
This is my new Korean BBQ place. Good quality meats. I like the side dishes too. Service can be better though. I will still go back there for good food
Mediocre Overpriced Food
Apparently there aren't many good Chinese takeout places in Vegas. So putting this into perspective, I guess this place is okay. Good for lazy days when you don't feel like cooking or going out to get food, and are sick of pizza.
Very solid haircuts. I'm not very good at being articulate about what I want, and they're good at figuring it out.
I had the tabouli salad here over a year ago and when my boss said lets eat at the Arrogant Butcher that's all I could think of. I had it again today and again....Amazing! We topped it with this peanut butter dessert!! Can u say wow??
So this is my local bar that I love coming to on the weekends! It a ton of fun, the remodel is amazing! Strong drinks for cheap prices, gogo boys! I mean what else can you ask for? Food! Lol I'd recommend Ice Pics to anyone who like to have fun and get drunk for cheap!
The best Asian food in AZ! My out of state friends always want to visit Totties as soon as they get here. It does not get any better than this, anywhere!
Great prices. Beyond great food. Friendly staff. COOKED TO ORDER 5 FEET FROM YOUR FACE. hello!?!? Tell me where you can get all these great things all under one roof?!? 5 stars!!!
The single star is for the only decent item on menu, the cheese crisp. The food was gross, I had chicken enchiladas. My husband had a steak after he was told his first two choices were unavailable. Service was fine.
Atmosphere is great! Food is not. Had the pasta w meatballs which consisted of a bowl of gummy flavorless pasta w 2 small meatballs for $15.00. I left hungry and went home and ate a PB&J sandwich. With that being said, you are paying for atmosphere not good food.
Great boba milk tea! & they have vegan options, which is nice (being lactose intolerant )
Just perfect !!!  For what it is!!!  Down to the Edison light bulbs from rejuvanation!!
Poor food and really bad service.  We will never go back.
it was okay, nothing i would go out of my way for. Food was good but not great.
Quick place to grab a cheap bite to eat no matter what time of day it is. The lines can get pretty long so bring your patience. The staff has always been friendly and with all the customers they see in a day that's amazing. They also have free wifi which is nice because all the surrounding Caesar's properties charge for it.
Authentic and fresh. It's always great to see your meat sliced in front of you. Hot pastrami on rye took me right back to my childhood in Manhattan.
Fun atmosphere, good music, great beers on draft, and delicious, creative menu. Get the Philly Mac n Cheesesteak Sandwich.
Impressive room with floor to ceiling windows at a great price.   Very impressed - room was clean and brand new.    Staff was very friendly.    The hotel is connected to the shops and planet hollywood casino.   Will definitely stay there again!
First time here, went for a quick bike ride and wanted to grab a easy sandwich. I got the BLT with avocado added and it was DELICIOUS! I love supporting local small businesses and it helps when it's absolutely delicious as well!
For the food, price & service this place has to be the best gyro restaurant in Avondale. It's a little hidden gem in this neighborhood. Food is always good. The service is always fantastic. The two young men behind the counter are always friendly & efficient. Definitely one of my favorite places!
The statue of liberty and a roller coaster right outside my window, I must be on something. Comfortable stay and the area is well-kept. The hotel may look older on the outside, but the inside doesn't reflect its cover! Plenty of inexpensive quick food/snack selections downstairs.
Everything I expected and more. My hot dog was huge and kept me full for hours. The food was done quick and I love the outside patio.
The ambience and place looks good. Lunch specials are worthy to try on week days. The sushi specials are simply awesome
The food was fantastic and the ambiance was very cool. I was there for Saturday brunch so there was live music. I'd love to try their regular menu!
My husband has been having Zakk cut his hair for a couple of years now. Was seeing him at a shop not far from where he is now. Glad he made the move to a more traditional barbershop. Always happy with the cut and glad he takes his time with it every time. Young positive kid.
I absolutely loved the atmosphere of the hotel. I don't usually stay very long in the hotel room but I definitely noticed the shower having black mold. I woke up feeling congested and miserable. Definitely don't recommend staying at the hotel.
Place is pretty filthy. Yet I'm not here to enjoy the ambiance and decor. There was what appeared to be blood on the wall.
Delicious consumables, comfortable atmosphere, reasonable prices. Highly recommended for coffee, a bacon and egg breakfast panini with spicy tomato relish,  and oatmeal reason cookie ($10).
Well the move to bigger and better digs definately agrees with them! The food is actually better and the menu has been expanded. La Fonda has grown up and has lived up to its potenial. Go check them out.
Just like any franchise this place is well run and manage. Came here for the empanadas. Price is a bit high compared to other bakeries. Come here for the specialty pastries and cakes for a taste of home.
Super chill atmosphere. Everyone is very friendly. When I showed up, was greeted by CJ, who runs security. Good food outside, good music inside.\nId recommend bringing a good attitude and a bunch of friends. This is the kind of place to being a honey and some smiles.
I've been curious to try this place for a while and I must say it was a very good toasted sub.  It's a little on the pricer end for a lunch spot but I will keep it in the rotation.
Went back again and found the food and service fabulous. The sushi was extremely fresh and appealing. The salad was delicious as was every teriyaki dish we tried. I highly recommend this new restaurant
Scale of 1-10 (single visit):\n7 Food\n7 Service\n8 Atmosphere\n5 Value\n\nsomewhere between \"meh\" and \"good\"
Great track, great people = great fun. I got back into RC racing after 7 years off and could not be more happy with this facility. Jim, Brian and all of the staff make you feel very welcome and never forget to tell you how grateful they are you showed up. No reason to look for another track, this is the one!
Charges for not being a member.  Never again.
My review is aimed at the piano player that plays for happy hour on Fridays and Saturdays. HE IS AMAZING! Plays almost any song you ask for, totally interacts with the crowd and is hilarious. Not to mention, he is out of this world talented. Great place to get your party started!
The food was tasteless and the beans were not cooked and hard. All four of our meals had no taste with the exception of the sea bass but it was on top of the hard beans. very very disappointing.
Good coffee, great atmosphere, in a wonderful location downtown. The breakfast dishes they create are some of the best in the city. I know this place has desires to bring people together and create community, and I believe they are doing this. You have to try The Devil's Mess.
Parking is a nightmare and the vendor's produce looks half dead every time I've been. There isn't anything here you can't get in better shape at the grocery store.
Great place for really good food.  My husband and I have always enjoyed everything that we have had at Wally's\nJane Lynch
I love you wingstop....for cooking up the fastest batch ever before I risk missing my flight. You never disappoint me with the garlic parmesan, which I will forever be loyal to. Thank you.
I have been going to Genuine Fresche every week since they opened. My experience yesterday was AMAZING! They always go above and beyond to make sure everything is right. They even offered to get my dog a bowl of water. Thank you!
One of the better hotels restaurants are good, but a bit pricey for what you get. The beach was nice, but too small for how popular it is. $20 for sunblock crazy. They didn't have restaurants that you could just grab and go, like a subway.
Great food, awesome and friendly staff! New favorite place in Old Town! Try their \"Pig Mac\" Burger! Very tasty!!
Went here today & got the family dinner for 30.00 it was sooo good. All of the food was so good easily the best chinese I've had. Love it!!
Consulted him for setting up an estate plan.  First meeting was free, and he was informative.  We haven't made our decision yet, but he is definitely worth interviewing for the assignment.
Not terrible but nothing exceptional.
I'm here everytime I visit Las Vegas (and I'm here often) I absolutely love it. The bartenders are always friendly the food is awesome I've had wings and burgers here. The atmosphere is amazing highly recommend This place for sure
Everything was hot, delivered fast and delicious, definitely will be going back.
Satisfying and fast, a decent burger and fries. In-N-Out knows what they are doing and they do it well. You get you money's worth.
Pricey, but this is to be expected for a restaurant on the strip. The regular frozen hot chocolate is our family favorite over the other flavors.
So glad I checked their website - they are closed till Aug 30 !  Can't wait to visit
Restaurant has a city view and a romantic ambience. Staff is friendly and attentive. However, the dinner menu is just decent at best as pricey as it was. I just can't really throw out anything worth noting about the dinner considering the price of $100+ for two.
If you are on your way to Atwater market and you want to buy some yummy pate, meats or sausage, this is one of the places to go to! They have it all and their prices seemed to be very decent. I bought pate here which was delicious and the service was quick and friendly.
I'm typically not very big on buffets but this is definitely one if the better ones I've been to. I really love the variety they had for dessert!
This location used to be an absolute hole.  They recently renovated both the interior and the exterior, and now it's a very pleasant, good-looking store.\n\nHowever, it's still Wendy's food.  And that's only okay.
Stay away from this store. Store credit only on returns which shows their fear of what they sell can't stand on its own.
This place has cool decor but as with all of Vegas, the waitresses are dressed very tacky. The food is mediocre at best and extremely overpriced.\n\nGo here to say you did and pretend things are great.
I have been going here for years. Last week I was told I must remove my trailer hitch because it can \"damage the tunnel.\" Their explanation was nonsensical. Removing my hitch is a hassle. I won't be going back. Ever.
My mom was in this hospital for a hip fracture and the staff was amazing. they did everything  they could to make her comfortable. the staff really spent time with her and always had a smile. the director of nursing, Lorna, is incredible. She lead a great staff. I would wholeheartedly recommend this hospital.
Superb Coffee. Pathetic sandwiches and paninis. Hated the place after i ate the sandwich. i was told there were not veggies available at all. Then why sell a sandwich? They threw some chicken on the bread and gave it, after which i threw it in the trash.
Located in the Riveria, If you find yourself at the end of the strip this place actually has a good breakfast.
They had a decent cup of coffee.  I enjoyed it.  They had a lot of interesting looking pastries, muffins and cookies that looked good but I only got a cup of coffee.  Pretty fast service but they were a little disorganized for a little bit.
I'm not a burger person but the burgers they have here are amazing. I love the antique feel of the place and they also show a lot of the history behind cave creek. They have GREAT burgers that are unique and awesome fries.
The food was just ok and kind of bland.  We have enjoyed Indian food around the globe and neither the food nor the service impressed.  It was Ramadan so maybe that had an effect, but after all the great reviews, we were disappointed.
Stayed here twice. I have no complaints about the hotel except, the second time we stayed, we didn't upgrade and the bathroom sink and mirror was outside of the bathroom. Other than that, we always had a great time. Friendly people and the bus stop is right outside the door.
Nothing special discounts aren't impressive~
Food was ok, I had loss n bagel.  Son had pancakes, they were ok.  Averaged $11 a head.  WORST service ever, really unbelievable.  Never eat there again,
I generally loathe PT's. They are more/less a disease in this valley, sprouting up everywhere. Yet, this one, largely due to the service, was an adequate watering hole.
Great steak! Well seasoned and really tender. Natasha was our server, took great care of us. Would recommend this place any time.
No one ever said it was quality. Open all the time, pretty affordable.
I have never been more insulted in my life. The atm ripped me off and it took an hour to get sorted out. In the mean time the pit boss made fun of me because my fianc\u00e9  was paying for my bets. This place can kiss my ass...
landlord who got rid of Furr's now wants me to patronize? No way! Boycott!
really cool place great selection of ice cream soda's the food was ok but you come here for the ice cream treats they even had hot chocolate for my almost son-in-law he's a little bit crazy. Its connected to a vintage store that you can check out after your cool treats, I will surely be coming back for more ice cream
Nothing special. McMullans is better. The food is alright. Great service and friendly bartenders. Only bar with High Sierra beer from Reno. Its English? Maybe Irish? I'm confused. Cheap beer before a Hardrock concert only real reason to go outside of friendly bartenders
Met up with friends recently at Fez. Have never been a huge fan of this place but it's been a few years since my last visit. Nothing has really changed. Food isn't all that great or special. I do like their drinks menu. Only thing truly special about Fez is Monika Avalos!!!
how can you not love this show if your in Vegas and an open mind this show will not disapoint and you might get lucky with your date afterward
Great buffet. I think I gained 5 lbs before the check came. I just changed my mind and took away a star cuz I remember the steak or whatever meat they were serving was not that good.
Love coming here in Vegas for some late night eats.
The ice cream machine is ALWAYS \"broken\". Or \"you're just lazy and have poor customer service\", sounds about right to me.
I wasn't impressed. The meat on the Philly was flavorless they nickel and dime you for mushrooms, peppers and onions. The cook had a problem with his spatula when he wasn't cooking he was banging on the grill making music which was very annoying.
Fabulous food. Fabulous atmosphere. Love that Frank. Excellent service. The evening was enchanting. Appetizers entr\u00e9es and the dessert was spectacular. There was no waiting for table and we enjoyed the humor of our Waiter.
Yummy food. Good Service.\n\nCustom burgers: great\nFat Fries: good\nZucchini Fries: great, and good portion.\n\nKind of a pricey lunch, but great place to try out.
Way overpriced. Stale bread was horrible. 16 dollars for the worst sandwich I have ever had. The macaroons were 8 dollars per bag for 7 of them. They wernt anything special. I will never be back. Horrible service.
Good chain for Hawaiian food but they do not give you enough Mac salad. Huge downer for me.
if I ordered pizza I want pizza .......if u said 6:45 and meant 7:30 then your right on .....racheal.......brush up on your customer service skills and delivery driver with sweat pouring off of you no thx
Lunch not exciting...
So so.. patio seating preferred for nice picture scenery.. food was ok.. nothing special.. service is friendly.. they have bloody mary bar where you make your own.. warm baguette was good.. scallops were also good!  They might have better menu for dinner..
Tried this place for lunch since I drive past it near my new place. It was bad.. I had the fried chicken and it was pink. Rest was greasy and didn't taste good. 2 stars for how cheap it was but this place was full of large people who don't know good Chinese and this wasn't good.
Had lunch here today. At best, it's alright. I wouldn't want to rush back here anytime soon though. Typical American food (check), loud atmosphere (check), average waiters (check).
Very nice little restaurant! We came here for lunch one day and loved it. The restaurant and decor were very charming, and the service was excellent. We both had the beef stew and it was fantastic. \n\nThe cheesecake was ok, but not great. Still, we would definitely come back again.
I'm not a huge fan of their food, but their cheesecake is amazing. Maybe I order the wrong thing? \n\nLOVE the Oreo cheesecake.
This place I terrible. Terrible customer service, terrible drinks, terrible food. The best thing I ordered was a beer and that probably because they can't mess it up.
Their noodles were amazing!  Restaurant is not too big, was able to have a cozy meal.
TERRiBLE. \nExpensive. Our 4 year old cost $13. \nFor hour \n\nNot worth it\n\nToilets disgusting and smelly\n\nRip off
Had our 3rd baby here and just can't say enough good things. Staff is knowledgable and friendly, place is clean and caters well to patients, and was fantastic for the delivery of all 3 of our kids all the way around!
This place has ambiance and a great drink selection. The meals fell short for the price.
Excellent lunch experience. Fresh creative salads, wonderful sandwiches, excellent & friendly wait staff. Beautiful & yummy desserts. Would definitely return if I were in the area.
Came after reading reviews, but this place charges you for bread and butter.  They call it an appetizer,  rip off
The service is getting slower, especially during lunch time drive-thru wait time.  Drive-thru is suppose to be faster, yet I'm waiting in line longer than people going into the branch.  Need to fix time or you'll drive people away to another banks.
Potato soup was amazing, Owner is so friendly great service and fresh food. It's like homemade cocking strate from
This may be the best ever venue to have an outdoor beer tasting event and October 20th was a perfect day-not too hot and certainly not cold. \nHad a lot of fun, hope something else is hosted here.
Tremendous value! The food and service are superb and the check was a nice surprise. The atmosphere is modern and sophisticated, but attire is casual - a great spot for a date night.
Great food, would highly recommend.
My go to vape store, they have all the best juice and hardware. Customer service is out of this world,  it's also a great place to go and relax with like minded people everytime I go I learn something new.
Take advantage of their great happy hour ya'll! This is a great place for gourmet burgers, but pricey!
For the first time I stopped by today for lunch and the chef was more interested in talking on the phone than taking care of the customers, 10 minutes  went by and still he wouldn't get off the phone so I took my \nbusiness elsewhere.
I always went to Healthy Tails to purchase quality dog treats and pet accessories.  Always greeted me with a sincere smile and verbal greeting.  The best thing for me is they carry the Ezy Dog brand leashes which have nice handles and extensions on them which is great for controlling and walking my Shiloh Shepherd and two German Shepherd dogs.
Good inexpensive food. The sandwiches are generous in size. I would suggest splitting it with someone then save some room for dessert.
Food was ok? Ordered scallops, which came with mash potatoes , potatoes were cold. Someone else in party had filet which was good. Pizza was also ordered, probably the best entree . Had the Carmel salt ice cream , probably the best part of the night. Don't think I'll go back soon.
Excellent chocolate shakes, burgers, breakfast honey chicken biscuit, and chicken tenders with the honey BBQ sauce for lunch!!
Good food and quick.  The hot pastrami sub was VERY good.  Service was a bit slow to come back and fill drinks but was ok.  Would go back.
Absolutely delicious! I can't wait to come back. The food was amazing and fresh. Try the bacon guacamole & the coconut plan!
I could find some things I wanted.  Maybe it was the busy Saturday that I was there but I when I would find something I liked it was always in the wrong size.  I came out with a bottle of shampoo and that was it.  I may try it again at a later time if I'm in the area.
My new fave pizza place!! Have been looking for good pizza in the nw area, this was the first time in a lonnnng time there were no left overs.
Service is good....but there's def much better chinese food out there.
i like the mango juice,and the bread nam ...but the food was normal.....
$6.50 for a 6 oz glass of 'house wine'??? $9 for a 9 oz glass & $15 for a pasta dish?  No thanks..
Please note that this City Stop is turning into a 7-11 and the gas will now be Sinclair.\nIf you have a City Stop rewards card it will no longer be valid.
Everything i order here is so good. They have lives lobster, abalone, sweet shrimp and all super yummy.\nGreat deal on sushi rolls & combination and very reasonable price in hibachi menu also.\nService is good.
It's a sub shop plain and simple. Like a Quiznos or a subway. For about $6.00 you get like a 6 inch subway sub. It's quick and easy.....which is key when you are spending your day in the sports book right across the way.
Excellent services. Got in quickly and they took care of problem. Definitely will return if I have a medical problem.
Best Mexican food in old town for sure. Loves this place and the authenticity. Felt like I was on vacation!
Came here after July First Friday. Dark, red, leather, stiff drinks, good drinks (skip the beer and read the drink legend), great nuts. I was there with a group and was pretty much left alone (which I like). The music was also real good.\n\nGreat place to lounge.
This place is really great. Has awesome fresh seafood. Its moderately priced, but completely worth it for the quality of food being served. I'll definitely go back again.
The barista ignored me for 3 minutes, then finally turned to me and said, \"ya\". I ordered a 4 shot macchiato and explained how I wanted it and I ended up with a latte. Also ordered a chocolate chip scone and got a chocolate chip cookie, after I had to tell her 3 times.
Nice Barbershop!! They are still new to the area but the barbers are seasoned veterans. Great atmosphere! Ask for A.D.
Could there be a half star? He who must eat could not eat the green chili pork - salty and the meat- sorry did not taste like pork. The red sauce had a poured out of a can taste. Sorry but we walked out - haven't walked out in a long long time.
Love their menu and the atmosphere! Great deals, too.
This place is great! Went for Happy Hour and had the best time. \nBest bartenders -so attentive and great. Made the best drinks. \nDelicious food! I mean so tasty! \nGreat atmosphere. \nAll in all -LOVE THIS PLACE!
The place is cute--and i understand the charm--but $7 for a medium sized hot tea and spongey scone is outrageous--can get much better for less in lots of other places--no plans to return
Horrible,  thirty minutes for drinks and an hour thirty for food. Simply horrible.
A sure bet for great Poutine. Many Variations. Try the Taquise!
What's to say. Sometimes you just gotta give in to guilty pleasures. All day breakfast!  I get the sausage egg and cheese biscuit without the sausage and cheese. I'm trying!
We had the black spaghetti and the taggliatelle for our prime courses.  Both were good, but nothing special.  My wife had the veal chop, which was good.  I had the short ribs al baralo.  The sauce was OK, but the meat was dry and stringy; very disappointing.
It's really a 3.5.   Solid burger joint with many size options up to 1 1/2lbs!  I recommend adding a fried egg and bacon to the burger.  The chili dog is pretty good, too.\n\nKind of small inside, but clean and friendly service.
Friendly staff, good atmosphere.  Inside or outside seating option is good.\n\nSmall portions sizes, high price, compared to most pizza establishments.  Taste is average.\n\nThey ran out of a gluten free menu item when we were there, so my wife got a menu option she did not prefer.
So much fun! Instructors are great, doesn't matter what your skill level is, they will work with you. Just go do it and have fun. Kind of strange being in the middle of a neighborhood, but don't let that scare you off.
Decent. Service is a little better than most dim sum places, but that's not saying much. The food is just okay. The fried rice is probably the best compared to other local dim sum places.
This place is AWESOME! \nThey have the best Chicken salad sandwich i've ever had in my life! If you're in a hurry this isnt the place to go. It's always packed but thats a good thing! it's absolutely delicious!
The best ever!  Dr. Nunley is very professional, yet personable and friendly.  His staff are unbelievable.  They really make you feel like family.\n\nI would highly recommend them.
The W is nice but the rooms are tiny and every time you open the patio door the AC turns off.  The staff was ok.  It's simply ok.
only pizza delivery in my area. It's hit or miss but it gets the job done.
So-so overall experience. Don't think we'll be back. Have to admit however, the steak was amazingly tender from what I expected from a chain like this but worse B\u00e9arnaise sauce and Moscow Mule in history... Way too expensive for their offer.
Every time we go its around 1-2pm, and although we love the food the service is below par.  We always have to ask for refills and then wait an undertermined amount of time before we get them, and remind our waitress of any condiments that we have requested.
Very dissatisfied. Overly salty, overly loud. Too many minions running around and Steaks just Ok.
Way too expensive. Too bad because the place has potential but like all the new stuff in the hood, it went OTT.
Morning Drinker? Well, this is the place to go.. They open early during the weekends.\n\nThe service is pretty good. They have great Breakfast (try the english or the irish) and offer some good selection of beer.\n\nWould definitely go back again!
I have noticed a steady decline in the quality of both the food and the service. Still OK but certainly not the Tom's of yesterday
Food was gross made me super sick ! No flavor at all on pizza nor pasta so gross but the People  that work there were very nice tho. Food was just gross
Visiting from out of town and gave this place a shot while trying out all the coffee places in town. Best caramel latte I've ever had!
they're open 7 days a week now
This hotel isn't bad for the price and location. It is a step up from Excalibur (unless you get Excaliburs newly remodeled rooms) I also don't care much for the restaurants that they have either.
I go here daily M-F.  They know me and often times have my drink ready for me before I order.  Friendly service with great product.  They really make a point to know their regulars.
Lines are ridiculously long, cashier girls aren't very nice and each time I've been sized (over the span of 2 months), I was given a wide range of sizes. \n\nOn the hunt for a reliable and customer-oriented undergarment store...
The very best!
Delicious bagels that are usually cheaper than those made elsewhere and carted in! Very friendly and helpful customer service.
The 3 cup chicken had good flavor, but the chicken pieces used were horrible. Fatty, had tendons in it and bones. The chili wontons were good though
I was here for a client lunch and after some confusion when we checked in, we had a good experience.  I had the Classique steak frites and it was really good.  I wished we had been able to sit outside since it was gorgeous but it was packed.
Hands down my favorite Indian food in Madison. Can't go wrong with the naan or tikka masala. They offer delivery,  which comes with slightly larger portions than dine-in.
I really enjoy this place; service is excellent; food is delicious and plenty of parking space. Great place for a date night or just to chill with friends.
Very disappointed. I was hoping for awesome Mexican food. The service is fast and the employees nice enough but the food isn't that good and is a little expensive for what it is. I'm sure Vegas has some good Mexican food somewhere but it's not here.
Terrible service. The food was decent, but not great. Ordered our food and then didn't see our waitress again for another forty five minutes. The other staff was not helpful when we asked for refills or Parmesan and we eventually had to ask for the management just to get some refills. Would not recommend.
This is a great place to eat! The people there are so nice and the food is fantastic. They have some of the best cornbread I've had and the catfish and chicken are fried to golden perfection but deliciously moist.
Me and wife came her all the time we love the food and all family eat it too and love it
I have only been to Rhythm and Wine 1x but it was a good experience overall. I liked the patio and the service was outstanding. The food was average.
.
Red burro enchilada style with rice and a Diet Coke. Eat it out on the patio with the stray dogs. I love it.
The place is quite lively ... They quite a selection beers on tap  and canned beers.We ordered the burgers and some beers. Food was ok and service was ok too. Our host and server were friendly though.
WORST COMPANY EVER.  Horrible customer service, not friendly.  I had to walk the representative through the website over the phone.  They don't care about loyalty at all, or keeping customers.
I think I've officially had my first taste of real southern BBQ.  This stuff was slow cooked and flavored just right.  I really liked how the brisket was nice and tender.  And the sauce a very nice addition to the flavors of the meat.  The people were fast and friendly and it was a really fun time.
DO NOT go here....it is a complete cattle call and they DO NOT CARE about their patients at all. I wouldn't go back if they were the last place in town. Run, don't walk from here!
Not bad for a new restaurant! Steak teriyaki portion was pretty generous.
Pretty good \"American sushi\" and cheap happy hour drinks. I would never pay full price for this sushi though.
We went for breakfast. The service sucked. The waitress unknowledgeable about the menu. Food was just ok. Nothing special nothing that makes them stand out. I can make all the same stuff at home. Bottom line we'll never return.
Not bad food, better then your average fast food place. If you want something other then Subway, McD, etc this is a good alternative place. Chips with salsa, burrittos, tacos, etc. It all works at this place.
The food was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!!! The BBQ shrimp and the shrimp Po Boy were delicious. For dessert definitely try the banana cream pie. You won't regret eating here. Next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely be going again.
This is some delicious sushi that is always fresh. If you are able to catch the happy hour or all you can eat nights, then you are in for a real treat. I haven't ever been let down, and I recommend i to anyone on the Northeast side of town.
Ramin was helpful. Got laminate installed. Great price. Great install. Super fast!  Ordered Saturday installed and done Monday.
Total rip off. Their food cost must be about 15%.. Large prices and small portions..
I've only been once, but I swore to go back again.  This place is fun, spirited and the food was very good.  I definitely suggest this place.
Sandwiches are average. Had a BLT with avo. Very two small slithers of avo. I expect more for a $7.50 sandwich.  Cookies good. Not much to right home about.
Last time I came here I got a free show of three homeles people fighting in front. Also there were a few cockroaches. But the place is always open.. So there's that.
The appetizers were delicious, but that's about it. The traditional dishes are subpar and overpriced. My girlfriend and her family are Vietnamese and they were severely disappointed. The appetizers alone cannot bring me back here. \n\nHowever, the staff was nice and helpful and the decor was great.
What's not to love about Caesars??? \nCome on Friday or Saturday to see Cesar, Cleopatra and Anthony walking around around the casino to greet guess\nAlso gotta try the Bachanal buffet, it's #1 in Vegas right now
Incredible pulled pork 1 block off the Vegas Strip. Bacon potato salad and jalape\u00f1o slaw.
We recently tried this place, during lunch.  The crunchy tacos are really good.  The rice and beans are so so.  Haven't tried the Ritas yet.
Pizza is okay NOT THE BEST ..very rude ppl asked for a slice ..they didnt have a slice i had to buy a whole pizza..should consider taking the slices of the menu it happend one time now a second time!! Will never go bak here again!!
Great food so flavorful and fresh. The atmosphere was relaxed and service good. I really enjoyed everything and the guacamole was amazing. The Inca salad was delicious so fresh! I am excited to return for Happy Hour.
What is up with there car service department? I've called I don't know how many times, and they either don't answer, or they will put me on hold until the phone disconnects.
First time there after finding them with yelp.  Tried the street tacos they were good not the best I have had but still very good and the price is right.  The cute young lady taking orders was very personable and helpful and lead us to what we should try first.
I think they're going out of business!  Stopped by twice this week, middle of the day - closed up tight,  no lights, no bikes outside, no explanation.
It was good, I got a chicken burger but it was a little tough for me, not very tender. It still tasted good though. Sweet potato fries were great, and it looked like they could make you any drink you could imagine. Very good alcohol selection. Fun atmosphere and our sever was nice.
DO NOT EAT HERE! The BBQ nachos seemed to have diarrhea on them. They were inedible. We took the rest of our untouched food and gave it to a homeless person who is probably very mad at us now. Might have been the worst food I've ever eaten.
Tao Restaurant is right next door to where I live, and can have the food at my doorstep literally 15 minutes after I hang up the phone.
Ever since i found a pair of Stuart Weitzman shoes here for $50, I go about twice a year, just to check it out.
terrible bar! way too loud!
Great place to stay!! Rooms are big and clean. The linens on the bed were great too!! Stayed here while the Ironman competition was in town and it was still nice and quite. Will definitely stay here again!!
Unbelievable selection of draft beer and and a roaring fire were perfect for a cold night. Appetizers were enough for a meal and the Crab Cakes were moist and loaded with lump crab.  Great presentation and friendly staff I will definitely be back
When I first moved to Tempe this was one of the best places for a slice. However more recently they have been getting pretty bad in quality. I actually prefer some of the cheaper places in the area because their quality has gone down so much.
I tried a wine tasting a loved everything about the place; atmosphere, service, and wine and food were excellent. \n\nHighly recommend it!
This place used to be great, until there was a change in staff. These people don't know how to make sandwiches. They always use way too much hot peppers (and I love spicy). They add onions even when you say no onions. They NEVER answer their phone. It's ridiculous.
It's pretty good.  The Raj is an amazing IPA.  The food is decent.  Kill off the student population and I would hang out here.
love the soups and the sweets!! and they have drive-thru! a tad bit expensive and AC is high inside.
Went there last Wednesday night and was expecting a nice dinner. There were 6 in our party and only 1 said that dinner was OK. I ordered a NY Strip Medium-Rare and couldn't wait. Well it was more Medium and you could tell it was put on the grill frozen because it was so grainy. Would never go again.
Had a great experience. My first time to a chiropractor and they explained everything to me. I will definitely come for another adjustment.
Super nice and was in and out of there crazy fast. Checked in and used that coupon of course. Highly recommended.
The food was fine, but not outstanding. There's outdoor seating, but it's along the mall's 2nd-story walkway.\n\nOne standout: \nThe individual tamale-style chocolates are a definite upgrade from most restaurants'  \"here's your check\" treat.
The man who works here is NOT friendly at all. When we arrived we were the only people in the place and no employees to be found.  We sat down and waited 10 minutes before getting up and yelling \"hello\" before any one came out. He seemed very bothered that we were there.
There is always a line and there are many people behind the counter and only one or two taking care of the people in line.  Come on man!!!!
Always loved this place...hope to see you soon
Worst hotel experience ever, do not come here during thanksgiving, the check in wait can be anywhere from 2-5hours. 15 check in counters with only 3 people doing check in. No care for customers and the worst customer retention strategy ever!
As fast food chains go, it's OK and as another post indicated the bathrooms need closer attention.
Overall a pretty good restaurant.  A bit salty at times.  Their fried catfish is pretty good but their baby back ribs are great, better than most places.
Took forever to get a salad. We think he forgot. Our chicken parmesan arrived obviously microwaved. Food was indelible. We did not see a manager to express our displeasure.
Pretty good but I get mighty disappointed by jerk that doesn't melt my face off.
Probably one of the best steaks in Las Vegas. Comfortable seating and busy. Very busy. Lobster appetizer was a bit pricey for the little, but delicious amount you got. For a new restuarant the staff was very well trained. Looking forward to next visit, minus lobster app.
This place is awesome the spicy Italian pie is one our favorite. Good pizza good service
This place is busy, but the kids love the pancakes so much food for the price.
Finally, a decent cheesesteak! If they had birch beer we might be talkin five star territory. But as is, good steaks and fries for this far west.
Just ate here for lunch! For the first day of being open, I was pleasantly surprised. Sure, the food took a couple of minutes longer than usual and they didn't have any straws-- but everyone was friendly and the food was delicious! I will definitely be coming back.
Great food!! Great ambience in the little side tables with the great chandeliers. Only complaint was the strange lag time where our waitress disappeared and we really wanted to order more. Other than that, fantastic food! We'll be back!
Clean and quiet.....no complaints whatsoever.
I come here 1-2 times a month to go shopping at 3 of my favorite stores. The way I shop I may need another job. Yeah parking is weird as hell and I always have issue finding my car.
More Hype than good food. I have the Banana Pancake & I also had a Vanilla Waffle   I went to the one at the RIO and perhaps it was just that one.  I would suggest you try a Brunch Item vs a Breakfast only item.
I just couldnt have any worse time while i was there. I was given the wrong change and then they argued to me about it for an hour and then I found the bread to be old and kinda flaky.
Disappointing... I went in to kill some time and check out the shop, and will not be going back. The layout looks like an indoor yard sale, there is an \"old stuff\" aroma, and the sales staff looked like they hated being there. Not a great experience at all...
Quaint atmosphere, definitely a spot that you could easily pass up but after reviewing other Yelpers I'm glad that we stopped by. The food was fantastic with unique twists to some favorites. Space is limited inside so get there early otherwise they have a small dining section outside in the courtyard.
If you're a scotch/whiskey/bourbon drinker, then the diplomat is the drink for you.
Ok place. Clean. Food is satisfying. Service is good. Not the best Vietnamese place I've been but will recommend for all to try.
The salon is clean and the staff is friendly. They are pretty good at pedicures and manicures. I like them. They are a nice, friendly neighborhood nail salon.
Horrible service...Disgusting food...prices are crazy for the small portion they serve you.
I've been seeing Lauretta for a few months now, and she has been nothing short of excellent! She uses only the best products which produce the best results! She's so sweet and professional, great skin rules and so does she!
This was my first experience going to an H&M and I wasn't impressed. My friend and I didn't find anything that we haven't seen anywhere else. It was similar to a forever 21.
One of the best poker rooms in Vegas, nice atmosphere, comfy chairs, good quality cards & chips, friendly dealers and the action is always there. A lot of poker celebrities like to hang out here, fun poker room.
great guys excellent work quick return.. I own a business and need my trucks fix asap when they break down . Kevin and kurt are my go to guys for all auto repair needs thx you both
Well, don't order the fried chicken nor the mashed potatoes nor the cherry pie Ala mode. Really disappointed tonight. Their breakfasts have always been so good so I guess I will just stick to that.
This is definitely not my favorite library. Had to renew my card, pay a fine, and check out my books. This required 3 different stops. I wish you could handle all your card business at the same desk. I do love the self-checkout kiosks the libraries have adopted.
I've been coming here for a few months now and 5 weeks in between fills. My lashes are still full 5 weeks in. The best part after leaving this place is knowing my lashes looks awsome! I love the customer service and the end result of my lashes. I wouldn't go anywhere else!
Don't waste your time and money like I did. Look up mark fugit orthodics. He custom makes them for your feet at less than 200! I'll never get my money back on a product that helped minimally and made other parts numb.
Finally got around to checking out this coffee shop. We used the drive thru since we had a sleeping baby in the car. We got the Almond Roca Mocha with almond milk and it was delicious! Customer service was extremely fast and they were really nice! We found our new favorite coffee place!
to hip for most of us.
Halloween 2010:\n\n$50 to get in after pushing through the mob. 2 drinks cost $30. Hot and crowded. Lot of \"untz untz untz untz.\" \n\nJust stab me in the eye next time instead. The acrobats were cool and earned a star.
The Best Pizza in Town!!!! Simply put. All of my friends and I love this place. The food is just really delicious. You can't go wrong with the big six pizza. They don't serve alcohol though and that is probably the only thing missing from this great restaurant.
There is nothing Chicago-ish about the foods here.  I'm from Chicago, and not a single thing on the menu reminded me of home.  Plus the staffing and service is horrible, and is overpriced for what little you get.
Wonderful surprise in the South Hills desert of chain eateries. Romantic interior that's a refreshing throwback, and the best hummus and iced tea I had in Pittsburgh. The kebabs are sizzling, generous, and delicious, and the staff friendly.
Just to follow up: now that the weather is cold/cool outside, the air in the gym is stuffy, warm and humid. No air circulating and it smells! The equipment is still rickety/broken/poorly maintained. Don't they read their reviews ???
Nice people, excruciatingly long wait. It should never take 10 minutes to get an under toasted English muffin. Won't be running back any time soon.
Corp store on Lien rd was not a good choice.  The manager of the store was very unhelpful and gave me the run around about trying to fix my phone. If you want good service with people who actually care, go to the store on University Ave
The food is pretty good we been there several times but not recently, we havent been in a while, I wonder if they still do the 2 for 1 with a players card on weekdays? Thats a pretty dang good deal!
Seats do not matter in this small, intimate auditorium.  See it all from the balcony/less expensive seats or get intimate with more expensive seats.
I've been coming here since early 90's and only once have I been disappointed.  Food portions are great...chef is funny and skilled.  Tonight, had the Geisha Special and it was delicious yet again.
Great food but boy are the prices high.  If your looking for a different fast food lunch spot give this place a shot.
Nice place! I love the Thai food. I can found my favorite here! The chicken wing so juice!
Pretty good as Canadian Tires go. Big store, lots of inventory. Of course there's always that annoying schmuck at the front door that wants to sign you up for that stupid credit card, but hey...
Mikkie Finnz's sister bar next door. The food is almost as horrible.  The fish and chips suck and so does the whole menu. DO not eat here.
Very slow service and they never wash ALL the windows inside and out. I have to ask them to clean my inside windshield every time.
Definitely not the best steakhouse in Phoenix. My T Bone steak was good but everything else was very plain.
Three words: Spicy Cajun Meatloaf.\n\nSuper fast, friendly service at a reasonable price. Tried the meatloaf and chicken fried steak. Both were excellent. Definitely going back.
I've only been here a few times, but I will definitely be back. Good stuff.
I really like Panera for their convenience. I find most of their food to be just okay but I continue to return as I really like their mac and cheese and their lemonade.
Used to love this place but they unexpectedly closed their doors yesterday and cancelled our reservation for next month. Really tacky!
For Mediterranean-style food this place is awesome!\nThey have a huge variety of food and it all tastes really good.\nThe flavors are perfect and when you get a plate, it will be more than enough food for anyone.
No longer taking online orders through grub hub..... Lost me.
Vinnie Favorito is well worth the money! His adult comedy is hilarious, mainly because he refuses to hold anything back. If you go, prepare to laugh so hard it hurts. Five stars, Vinnie! Thank you for making our trip memorable.
Huge menu of approximately 160 dishes to choose. Actually the way this restaurant works is to use about 10 different sauces to stir-fry different combinations of meat and vegetables. There is no taste in their food, and the meat is not fresh. In addition, their kitchen's sanitation is a strong problem, I wouldn't recommend this place.
The food was good, I ordered some pho and my friend order the egg rolls, we all had fun but in the end one of us got food poisoning, so I will not be coming back to this place
The food was delicious and the service outstanding. The owner was extremely hospitable, doing everything possible to accommodate our large party and explaining all of the options available in both Chinese and English for our mixed party. \n\nVery impressive and cozy restaurant. We basically rolled ourselves out of there. Would definitely come here regularly if we could.
Went to \"oklahoma\".  It was fabulous!  As good as going to Broadway itself.  We did not have the meal  (lunch).  Everything was first class;  music, acting, the sets.
I like to go occasionally on Taco Tuesday; other than that, I would probably never eat here.
Service was terrible! Soup was just o.k., my boyfriends plate was great, his also looked really good.
Beautiful and relaxing atmosphere!!
Kinda expensive for an average hot dog. Great atmosphere, but was expecting a more 'meaty' hot dog.
Nice store great selection to choose from. Highly recommend coming here for shoes.
I'm a regular during the lunch hour, food is always prepared quickly with quality and the customer service is great. My only comment with be the portion of meat you receive in salads or rice bowls, other than that it's definitely a great spot for lunch in the area.
I believe the place is terrible and very Dirty they don't even Have enough money to get there own Food they go to Smiths to buy it LOL \nWhat a place,.,.,. Don't go there it sucks,.,. Plain and Simple
Appetizer came the same time as our entree (after an hour) ,  all the food was cold,  and the buss boy spilled my food on me. The place is also so family friendly everywhere I looked there was a crying child. Two stars cause the food would have been good if it was hot.
The nachos were amazing! And so were the coconut chicken strips. The service was a 8 out of a 10 because it was a slow night and the waitress took forever and a day to bring over ranch and water. I'll go back though because the food was that good!
Made a stop here today for a early dinner. Chicken and bread was cold when I got it. The staff was nice enough to bring us some warm chicken to replace the pieces we had. This location is a bit run down and needs some work. I will not be going back to this location in the future.
I am an Absolue fan of Olive Garden, I've celebrated many occasions at this particular location and I absolutely love it. They always give great service and amazing food. No complaints as of yet.
Last time I ordered for pick up they forgot my muffin. Now I ordered waffles\nWith strawberries then my mom picked up my order when she got home they forgot my strawberries. I guess I'll drive a little further for cracked egg from now on.
It's just fun and I'll be back ! Very chill.
Terrible queues. Service is minimal. The associates treat account holders like nuisances instead of paying customers. Surprisingly, the manager was the rudest person there. Asking how many people were ahead of us seems to warrant an irritated attitude. A number of employees walking around instead of assisting customers. Avoid this branch.
Great Beer selection and decent food.
Nice hotel, somewhat fading with its decor and amenities like the pool and tennis court. Beware the fee and tax added at checkin that no one tells you about! Also great location in the heart of tempes downtown
Pleased to say they have updated their pedi chairs, which are  they now top notch. They just went under new management and they are going first class with all their new equipment.  I followed the new manager to this salon because I knew how particular he is. Great service and great little salon.
A charming setting within the grounds of the DBG.  Lovely outdoor patio, good service, reasonable prices. The menu had some different types of items which were interesting to try. The lamb was great, cooked nicely. Service was good.
Awesome breakfast/dive bar. Beautiful ladies waiting to serve you. We bought a sweet t-shirt for $10
UNLV, what can I say?  Rebel through and through!  Rebels baby, all about Rebels.
Had a great dinner with friends.  Black linguine entree made fresh at the restaurant.Yum. Very unique.  Great service and food.  Like many Scottsdale restaurants, outdoor patio a little small and parking lot facing.  Busy Friday night, so we were seated about 20 minutes past our reservation time, but otherwise a wonderful dining experience.
Cool, refreshing, and all local ingredients! Best flavors: Mango, Strawberries and Cream, Bananas Foster, and Cherry Almond! [Please bring back Cherry Almond, Betty!]
really sylish looking so amazing great
The owner hired new employees. The new younger girl is extremely friendly!
The most delicious sushi I have EVER had! We ordered four rolls of sushi and only waited 10 minutes. The environment is nice, modern, and the service is excellent!
The Best Kept Secret Treasure in Arizona.  Calamari as in Italy, Veal to die for, Pasta fresh and wonderful, Grocery baked bread out of this world.  What an awesome  New Year's Eve!
I was here with a group of people from work.  Everyone really enjoyed their dishes and drinks.  The menu has some great choices... might I say something for almost anyone's taste.  Our server was great.  He answered everyone's questions and provided some really good insight based on our conversation.   I will return.
This place was outstanding in terms of food and service.  After breakfast my wife and I shared a cinnamon roll. Hands down it was the best roll of this type we have ever had.  What a great way to top off our breakfast and last cup of coffee.  If in the area you must stop by and enjoy a great dining experience.
Ok food, airport prices, pretty quick service.
Excellent food very over the top pretentious gay waiters
Good spot to lounge and watch some games with drinks, but not a destination spot, per se. I'd either start the night or take a break here.\n\nGood 2-for-1 happy hour special.
Delicious food, great fried rice in a stone pot. great place. Music is slightly loud, but bearable.
Citizens is just a horrible example of a standard hotel restaurant.  The food was mediocre but priced on the high end of other similar restaurants.  The service was poor and the server was very inattentive.
The food is good- but it is overpriced for what you get.
My husband and I ate here for our last meal before leaving Vegas. It was a disappointment. The food was not good. We ordered a messy burger and the western burger along with sweet potato fries. My burger was too bland while his had too much sauce. The fries were not that tasty either.
The service is slow. Then the Sushi Chef behind the counter came out the take orders. While doing so the waitress finished the roll that the Chef started. WHAT'S UP WITH THAT! Don't waist your time or money. Tasty but frustrating.
Healthy portions. Overall taste... decent.  I expected more because this place came highly recommended from a friend.
Interior design is nice. Had the pho and so far this is the best place for pho, except for at home.
I'm always surprised at how hard it is to find good Pad Thai but this was always good. Service was usually good. I would do both sit down and carry out and had good experiences with both.\n\nMainly remember this place for the solid Pad Thai. Nice people. Cash only.
Showed up at 6:55 on Sunday big sign says Pasta Sunday 2-8pm. As I entered we were told the kitchen closes in 5min so we cant order anything.  Might be good but I will never know you wont see me back.  And the waiter who had a bit of an attitude about the whole thing.
Fail.\nWhy? Just compare it to the old restaurant that used to be housed here and that's the only word that comes up. On further thought an acronym comes to mind: WTF
Good breakfast...  Prompt service...  But nothing remarkable.
Good food, great value n they deliver!!!!!
Worst service I have ever had at a bar.  I would go into detail, but if I did the bartender that served me would likely be jobless and that is never my intention when I leave a bad review.  I will never return to this establishment, and will advise that others avoid it as well.
My husband and I love the way these guys and girls take care of our GMC truck and Jeep Trailhawk.
Totally dishonest, these guys tried to charge $750 for a distributor that cost $175 and took15 minutes for a high school auto tech student to replace.  They would get 0 stars if possible and probably dis barred if they were attorneys.
It's a little older bowling alley but it's clean and the staff is very nice! Great for families!
Not impressed. The service was below average. Food ok. Atmosphere very nice.
Food is no. Better than a school cafeteria, bland,, typical cheap crap better to pay more.than come here
The place doesn't look like much, but their food is great. They just painted it bright orange and green, so it actually stands out now like it should rather than just being an overlooked secret.
The only reason to come here is for the Rebel games. Otherwise it's completely overpriced. And the food looks good and sounds good, but just so-so from what I've had. Disappointing and probably won't come back. Servers are nice though!
Took my car for a new tire and discovered a screw in the tire.. This could have been removed and fixed instead of causing a possible accident on the road putting my life in danger and costing me 250.00 for a new one.
I don't give good reviews easily but this is one great restaurant!  It has an amazing Buffalo Chicken Sandwich.  The hamburgers are great and their fish and chips are to die for.  The meatloaf is somewhat questionable.  The prices are really good to.  The place is clean but tends to be a little loud.
Don't gamble here.  It's like your a little kid at a carnival and all the games are rigged.
Love this place!  Refreshing alternative to the usual food we've found in this area. Great brew selection, good food & atmosphere.  Have eaten here twice this  vacation...will definitely be back!
Not sure what the attraction is about this place...other than the location.  Just not good espresso drinks.
I had 2 concretes made with the banana/vanilla swirl. It was very delicious and both of us enjoyed it. The service was extremely friendly, most importantly, and the place was clean!
The wait here to pick up your car is ridiculous.  I've been here twice and both times it's taken forever to get a car.  I think over an hour the most recent time.  They have the phone agents as well, but I am not sure why this location is so slow at getting your car.
Worst experience ever from this great place! Body builder about 35 behind the counter, lost our order after 35 minutes, asked when our order would be ready. Got major attitude! asked for our money back, he wanted the receipt after just taking the order 45 minutes before and loosing our order. where did the nice guys go?
The lobster mac&cheese is definitely my best bet here. The taste really gets stuck in your mouth. Just looking at it already makes my mouth drool. The flavor from this food is by far the best I have tasted so far. Another choice I would recommend is the dirty chips. Really good stuff.
This place is great. The staff was super nice and the saloon was beautiful inside. My hair went in looking like a hot mess and came out looking amazing. The stylist was able to give me the perfect red that I wanted. I can't wait to go back.
This used to be a great place to go but the quality of the food has really declined.  Sadly I won't be going back.
I,ve been shopping here for the last 5 years.\nVery good service overall.\nIt would be sad to see this store close.
This place sucks!!! 6 people from my son's team got sick after eating here. All the manager could say was \"OK\". They need to have the health department check them out and the Riviera should screen who they allow to sell in their food court.
I use the kiosk self service machine at this location. I have come 4 separate times within the past month and the machine has been broken EVERY SINGLE TIME! Get the damn thing fixed!! I hate this place. I would rather drive to the Greenway location. Much cleaner and better service.
Just got done with my deep tissue massage. My experience was stellar. The option of getting a student to do the massage at a charge of $25.00 is no longer an option. But I was fortunate to get a deep tissue massage for $39.00. I am very satisfied and will recommend this place to anyone that wants an affordable quality massage.
I had RoadRunner delivery from there. I always really enjoy their rolls. Especially the Japanese lasagna. It's the best I've had!
Woah, dated an indian girl so whenver her folks were in town, I'd go pick up some dessert from here - especially the somosas. Woah, they were good.
Three orders of chicken fingers and 3 of the worst orders of chicken fingers my family has had in their lives.  Tasted like corn meal fish.  Disgusting.  Will never come back and with a manager who argues about the quality.   I will tell everyone never to eat here
Nice crepes, americanized though. Could do without the sugar on top.
This place is awful! Told the obnoxious attendant I only WANT A BASIC CARWASH 10 TIMES!!! Wanted to sell me \"future\" services! Pulled out and went somewhere else.
Shit hole. Dirty, AC BARELY works, the cable tv is digital antenna,which is l static.  The staff is hardly helpful. The pool is small,dirty and probably festering with hepatitis. Do not stay here. Plenty of other moderately prices hotels in the area off the strip.
Enjoyed climbing here. I was new to indoor climbing when I started at this location and the staff was good at teaching. Now I still climb and love it!
WAY TOO EXPENSIVE. Food is good, but the reason I'm giving it a 2 star is because it is so so overpriced. Also our waiter was rude.
Went to Outback for dinner. There's usually a wait, the staff says 40 minutes, but it was closer to 20. Food & service was great as always.  Our server, Mike was very professional & personable. We didn't have to wait long for anything. Mike was on the job.
Over charged me and didn't do the work that I had paid cash for.  Also, said i need things done that were not needed.  Had heard good things... but was very disappointed.
Great atmosphere.  Nice mexican food can be hard to pull off.  Javiers does it right.  Great margaritas, great service, great food.  Best Mexican place I have been in vegas.  Great for a fun night out.
Owner consistently monitoring progress of this newer venue. Fresh, well-made wraps and fair prices!!!
The food was great.  However, I had foot surgery and can't walk.  Where do you seat someone who will have to balance a plate and a walker?  Hint - there was only one table farther from a food. \n\nWon't go back until I can walk.
Been coming here for many years for the Asian straight perm.. Never fails! Hair is so silky smooth. He is always looking for the best hair products to use on his clients. I enjoy when his wife washes my hair..feels like a nice head massage lol.
It's subway, so you know what to expect. The reason I'm giving it four starts is that every time I come in here the staff is so friendly. Good customer service always goes a long way for me.
Never again. Steak bomb was bland, no seasoning whatsoever. The chips were the best part of the fish & chips equation. Wow I think they need to call Robert Irvine so they can be featured on his show. I wonder do the owners or the cooks for that matter taste the food they serve. Friendly staff though.
Everyone was SO nice and Q did a great job on my hair. Would totally recommend Cutting Image to anyone looking to get a good deal on a really nice cut.
Great Gyros! Its a hidden secret. Yum! Cheap prices too.
What happened to this place?  I went a few years ago and remember enjoying it.  Now, everything looks run down.  Mildew, stains, steam room not working correctly and outdated.  So very disappointed.  I did not have any services done, this is just for using the facilities.
Another overpriced and average tasting burger place... so what.\n\nThis is why I make my own burgers... or if I must go out for a burger (like when a friend insists) we go to Fudruckers.
This is my favourite middle class restaurant. Every time I come here I always receive quality service and excellent gourmet cuisine. They hosted an event for the McGill Management International Case Competition and the attendees loved the cuisine! The best part is you may bring your own bottle (BYOB) and they provide the glasses and ice.
They always take the time with my kids and are very good.  Sometimes they have a waiting list and often are booked up....so I recommend calling ahead to make an appointment.  But it is very worth it as the results speak for themselves.
Not sure why this place has such great reviews. I am surprised. I think its an ok sandwich spot. It does the trick, but nothing outstanding.
Wow. We were sitting at Paw's bar tonight, too. We thought it was us. Guess it was him afterall. We like Sasa Sushi on Cheyenne and Buffalo better. A FRIENDLIER, more personable atmosphere.
Pasta with mussels outstanding.  Original artwork made by the owner's wife fantastick!!!!  Service par excellence.  Tiramisu like cardboard - could not even finish it.
great booze!!! and I love love love love love love the staff! food ok! hahaha
Best coffee around! Located in Caste Village, my favorite coffee shop. Always a perfect cup of coffee.
I hate to even give this place 1 star. Awful experience, terrible selection, then with your purchase they \"gift\" you with counterfeit merchandise. I will not return.
Rude customer service , microwaved food , Owners will tell you to your face there not interested if they dont wanna accommodate your needs that day. \n\nThey keep moving locations probably because they have worn down there welcome in the community everywhere they go .. 3 different locations in 5 years .
Myself and two other girl friends celebrated one of their birthdays here.  Fun place for a night out.  Tried just about every appetizer on the menu.  Really great food and drinks... a bit pricey for the portions though.\n\nRecommended
Cute little out of the way place. Very friendly and helpful staff. Had the ham and gruyere tartine and a pumpkin spice latte, both delish. Friends enjoyed the breakfast burrito (huge) and a Hermann sausage, egg, muenster sandwich on pretzel bread.
The customer service is great! the products you will find no where else. Be ready to spend some $$ on items you'll never know how you lived without :-)
Decent food, convenient location if you're at the Aria, and plenty of seating.  It's one of the places on the strip that don't charge you and arm and a leg and the perfect setting for a first lunch in vegas that goes right into a bit of shopping at the mall.
This is an Italian restaurant for tourists on a budget. Simply awful!  Gloppy sauce, limited menu, and the rubbery meatballs tasted like horse meat. Cluttered, dusty decor.Skip this!
Used to be a good place to eat but service is so slow and very loud bar people made our Sunday morning breakfast very unpleasant. Food is good for the area, nothing fancy.
This Nightclub is now closed. Reopened as a Live Music Lounge. \nAiria Unplugged  www.wingilariver.com
Very, Very good (great) donuts!!!
Disappointed they didn't play country music, was more a sports bar. Service very was slow! Food was decent and average prices. Probably wouldn't eat there again.
Great panoramic view of the strip and the desert sands. Awesome for picture-takers! A must-see if you're in Vegas!
Old person central... I didn't eat here though. Just walked in and right back out a few min later. Just wasn't feeling this place.
Food is always good. Service is a little slow but they are super friendly. Thai hot is actually hot! Better then the thai restaurants down town for sure
Nothing worth writing about except the bruschetta. Most of the wine tastes like cheap box wine and are unrecognizable labels probably stored in a warehouse! Salads are overpriced and no hot entrees...unimpressive.
Food is good, a bit too pricey though. Finding the door was a bit of a challenge but there are signs to help with that.
I visited this place today for the first time in 15 years.  I have to say:  they still have all of those amazing recipes and flavors.  Now that I'm back in town it will certainly be a restaurant that I visit frequently.  Seriously tasty food!
Horrible customer service! Waited at the front desk for 30 mins no one came and asked me if I needed anything or if I was already being assisted. Never come here EVER again.
Very rude staff. A dark haired woman point blank refused to serve me and instead continued on with an extremely distasteful conversation with the couple in front of me - who had been served. The store was otherwise empty! The whole experience left me disgusted and I just marched out of the store. Will not be returning.
Great authentic Hawaiian style food. Service brings this place down. Employees tend to be snippy, to downright rude. Orders frequently come out incorrect. Great food though.
Prices are good but the food was bad, even for bar food. Nothing good on tap.
First time here and I really liked it. I liked the different selection of food available. I liked everything that I ordered except the last 2 which was the ultimate albacore & screaming orgasm roll...it was like eating wet rice. The salad wrap was real good and refreshing. Definitely will come back to try other food.
Great location in the old Hungry Fisherman restaurant on the water on Lake Wylie. Lousy food.
What's not to love! Anything and everything you could possibly need can be found here. Something for all budgets and many eating options after you burn calories cruising the tri-level structure. Many restaurant options in walking distance as well if you can't find something internally.
Can't go in for food and not get wine; can't go in for wine and not get food,  Top shelf food, wine, service, lake location, ambience and entertainment.  My favorite restaurant.  Happy that I live nearby.  Changing menu of gourmet dishes.
Well the coffee is excellent the service is excellent well I will have to say the broasted chicken is not that good very tough and dried out
Very average\nNot worth the money\nPluses: tomato soup was outstanding\nMinus: rest of food average, not quite worth the money\n\nIt's Las Vegas, there are much better places to eat for the money.
Just your average subway minus the girl behind the counter was not the sharpest, she was nice though
Nothing says Oceans 12, we've finally made it, like watching the Bellagio fountains!\n\nPRO TIP OF THE DAY: Pay the fare to go to the top of the Paris tower to watch the show! Worth it.
The food is good but they take FOREVER at this location. I've received much faster service at other locations. It's as if they have one cook in the back and 5 people on the floor. Management can you please staff appropriately. Still sitting here and it's been 20 minutes
I liked the food and had a good meal. The decor and the seating arrangements were a little off though and I never really felt comfortable. Its tucked away in a strip mall so I guess its one of those place you have to know to find and they were busy.
Really good carne asada fries and less than five minutes from the strip \n\nTheir green sauce is good too. Definitely a hit and I wouldn't mind eating here again
I've had better oysters before. \n\nI like the atmosphere of this place. \n\nYou should check it out if you're in the area and don't have anything else planned. \n\nWill most likely come back on my next trip to Arizona.
The common have a splendid soy chi tea iced in the summer, and a warm one in the winter! A must try!
I would eat here everyday if I could!  This is the best place I have eaten in Phoenix and I have lived here 5 years and eaten EVERYWHERE.
Sunflower Market is terribly overpriced and not very good. Why am I paying $1 more for a pound of apples that I could get at Sprouts? They are the exact same apples.  That's the case with everything here. I much prefer Sprouts or Trader Joe's.
I found this location to be suitable and the food palatable. The lunch menu was reasonably priced, quickly prepared, and I found the value to be good. Service was ok. Restrooms were clean!
Went here for lunch because we had a 2 for 1 coupon. That is the only reason to eat at this buffet. The food is fine, nothing really wrong with it, but basically underwhelming. At any rate, we were well fed for most of the day for about $20.
what a dump
The rolls were great but the service was just ok. There are a lot of japanese restaurants in town to compete with and I will not be returning.
I had the duck leg with vegetables. It was excellent. The service was also great. Worth the trip if you are in the Montreal area.
Wow a movie should be watched this way!
Just like almost all 24hr gyms, this place needs a solid cleaning. Some of the benches are in pretty bad shape as well. The men's room doesn't look like it's ever been moped.
I don't understand the hype around this place. Maybe it's because I grew up with New York area bagels. Montreal-style bagels don't compare, and Fairmount didn't impress.
I stopped here yesterday to get to specific items that are sold by Fresh & Easy--their peanut butter filled pretzels and the spicy cheese sticks.  These are snacks our hiking group likes and they're always stocked here. This isn't my go to food store, but there are some specialty items I like buying here.
Always enjoy sushi here.
This place is just an average casino buffet that you can find everywhere. Nothing too bad and nothing too special.
We had a large work party here last night and service, drinks and food were all good.  Glad to see dining room full as well.  At least some things don't change.
The place is all right, looks like an old fashion dinner but you feel like your going to gain 10 pounds just looking at the menu.  The food is decent and classic
The beautiful, modern restaurant sits on a hillside overlooking the Las Vegas Valley and continues to be our favorite southern Italian eatery. This evening we shared a delicious grilled hearts of romaine salad with prosciutto, the world's best eggplant rollatini plus a pair of merlots.
This isn't for serious art collectors, more like couch art. This is a retail art gallery for decorations.
atrocious lines, poorly planned. if you thought the roosevelt food truck festival was bad, this one sucked! i'm going to try to get my money back from groupon!
Whoever managed on August 1st at night was awesome. Funny, friendly and made our night. Go here!!
Been going here for 22 years.  The people are the same the food is the same, but the restaurant itself has improved over the years. It's cleaner and nicer although the decor is pretty much the same.
My BLT and fries were excellent.   My friend said her vege omelet was xcellent.   Our waiter was as nice as he could be, but seemed confused.   Perhaps he is new.   I will be back.
Let's start with this; my waiter was a 30 year old guy with eyeliner caked on. Okay... that's it, you can find a better place to have a drink.
Food was great , service was poor. Waiter assumed no one wanted a refill or more fries. Jerk
Great milkshakes. Rest of the stuff is uhh just ok. Nothing to write home about. Stay away from the caesar salad. It looked & tasted like barf. Nobody from my family jumped at sharing it with me :) \n\nPersonally, I would not go there again.
Live their subs.  Make sure to tell them hot or cold.  They make it hot it seems, if you don't ask for cold.  Fresh and big portions. You may order a sandwich and take home half. Nice service too!
Their tacos are the best!
It's not all about gambling for me but when I get out for a bit and want some good wings this is the place I go . Combined with free play and the food voucher that I get its a great place to get out. The food is good the service can be iffy at times but I'm never in a hurry
Clean room and nice staff.
Pizza buffet after 3am is incredible. I live in summerlin and make the drive to the plate at least once a week. Love everything about the place. Grave bartenders Joey V and Dan are awesome!\n\nSpider time!
It's clean and the wait staff is helpful but it's just sad that the food keeps going down hill. I wish they would look at this and fix it quickly. I came out to Vegas about 5 times a year and all the other good places you could find.
This might have been the worst Thai food I've ever eaten. I thought I'd be safe by ordering a salad and satay chicken delivery. I literally took one bite of chicken spit it out and threw the whole thing away. I would not recommend the Thai - haven't tried the Chinese dishes definitely won't
Is Quiznos the best sandwich shop out there? No. But how on earth Subway managed to become the number one fast food chain in the country when Quiznos is infinitely better than they are is beyond me.
Ruth and I had lobster queso, BLT salad and prime rib and filet. Great service and food.
Pretty sure bison burgers were frozen patties. Not great for the prices. Expected way better based on previous reviews. We will not be going back.
Amazing!!! It made me want to buy their cosmetics- and i'm more of a sephora girl. \nThey even have electric escalators to go to the 2nd floor. Really- best nicest/fanciest Walgreens I have ever seen!!!
As many time as I've been here it's about time I review this place. One word \"outstanding\" comes to mind They do cheesesteak right and their original hoagie has all the other sub shops beat by a mile. .  The owners could not be more friendly. Great family run place.
The hotel is newer and the rooms are pretty comfortable. The hotel offers free wifi, which is a bonus. \n\nThere are no places to eat within walking distance. There is a very large shopping mall surrounded by a large selection of restaurants.
Been here once and never went back..long line..expensive drinks..expensive bottle service..everything is expensive. That was it! :(
Good casino, good food options, fun bars, just go.
this place is a franchise and gets nothing special. but very good they have items like personal pizzas and great sourdough! theyre bread is what makes them.
The food was alright, eggs not cooked all the way but biscuits and gravy was great., however the service was terrible with late food and drinks halfway through the meal, wrong drinks. I would never come to this place again thanks to the service.
Very convenient drive-through but it closes way too early and the prices are outrageous for their mediocre food. The employees are pleasant!
Horrible ! Never going back again ! Chip and salsa was what I had my heart set on and it was flavor less , comon how can you mess up chip and salsa. The service was terrible just as bad as the food ! No flavor at all ! None what so ever ! Authentic my a*** .
I highly suggest you try the oxtail fries. The burgers are all great and at over $10 bucks per burger, it better be. I go here at least once a month and every time I go the food is great. The service is either spot on or bad depending on how busy it is. Overall still great.
Ate here in August. We Always stay at Aria. Got the pepperoni & house sausage pizza. We were surprised the crust was chewy after being cooked in a wood-fired oven & the toppings were quite greasy. Really a let down for the place & price!!!
Go there only if you want served uncooked fish, odd tasting salad, or way too sweet tea (btw - no unsweetened).
Friendly worker(only 1 person working)\nGood food and variety\nDrinks never run dry\nDownside, d\u00e9cor and bathroom are scary
Horrible customer service and takes 20 for a pizza that was made wrong!!!!
Had my battery replaced in mins and the price was very reasonable.
Lobby Check In process needs improvement. Guests are shuffled from one line to another. There are several lines and no line designators so it looks like a mob. Managements needs to improve this service by making it easy, quick, and organized.
Can I give no star? No, too bad. My family and I were visiting all the hotel/casinos at the strip and this one is the worst ever. Rude people, I mean employees.Thank God I was not staying there.
Most of the staff are friendly. their Avocado smoothie with coffee jelly is Yummmy... their sushi rolls arent that bad...but it sure does take a LONG while to get your food.
i recently posted a negative comment about Sticklers...i was WRONG! I had the wrong restaurant. I apologize profusely.\nI have eaten here and I love their food and service. I highly recommend it.
Really awesome portions and delivery service and for what it's worth the food is pretty scrumdiddly.
I'd been wanting a tattoo detailing a concept from my favorite all time book series, The Wheel of Time. I knew Tone's work from a friend of mine and he did an absolutely beautiful job with freehand detailing that is incredible. I couldn't have asked for a better outcome!!!
I was very disappointed when Pick Up Stix closes its locations around Vegas.   They made fresh food to order.   Now we get a mall version that is a pale imitation of the original.    I would recommend waiting for a fresh serving of any dish.  This location needs to step up its game.   China Max located around town is better than this joint right now.
I love the food so much, but the servers use their cell phones instead of taking care of guests.
I like the idea of healthy food as an alternative to the usual fast food fair, but they always take so long and the food is just not that good. I like the menu but I feel like they could add a bit more flavor. The healthy food I make at home tastes good, their food is quite bland.
The WORST customer service experience I have ever had.\n They have no courtesy or manners what so ever.
The employees here are really nice and I like the island feel. The food is pretty good and I like it because there aren't many other places in town with Hawaiian food. I also like that you can get beer here.
Not a fan. Service was slow and mistakes made with order. The food was not great considering all the hype I had read about it. I did like the decor but not enough to return for ho hum food and bad service.
Great vegan food the jackfruit torta was so awesome. Small little house down to earth vibe, staff super nice. Would have preferred a healthy side option as the chips are just not healthy and not a good compliment to delicious food.
This is by far my favoite Mexican restaurant in Charlotte.  I will definitely come back again.
wow really awesome place we had a steak sandwich which was hugh enough to share. The dessert looked great could not get any from being so full from our meal. we will be going there for desert next time we are in vegas.
Still good.  Servers are changing over and the bar attention was kind of blah compared to before. Eat here often!!!
Sorry, but not sorry... food service was VERY slow. Took about 20 min to get our food from time of ordering. Quality was just ok... 2.5/3 stars. But when you're starving, as we were, the time factor was a big deal!
I have been coming here for over a year now, and I am happy everytime I leave the salon. All the technicans are friendly, the salon is clean, prices are fair, and the massages you get with your pedicure are to die for.
The food was better than mcduffys which I used to go to all the time. But the service at dukes was absolutely terrible,  understaffed, and to be honest, the bartenders were incredibly rude the entire time. I had a very similar experience to what katarina said. Everything took soooooo long.
Great value for good pizza.
I love Dutch Bros. I'm just going to say it. Staff here is very friendly with an enthusiastic attitude. I always get a frozen cocomo with some peppermint :)
Made an appointment online only to have it cancelled by them a few minutes later.  No regards for the patients time.  If the times are not available DON\"T POST THEM ONLINE or if you are not willing to honor what was confirmed then you should not be in customer service.
The food was okay.  The metal shard that I found in my takeout noodles ruined any good benefits though.  Especially since I emailed them to let them know, and didn't hear anything back.
Forgettable.  Baked chicken w/ BBQ, over gravy mash, boring corn, lame salad,  I think all good ratings are from the Saturday steak dinner.  Only reason I would try again.
Don't bother with this company, he was scheduled to do work for me and was a no call, no show and won't answer his phone.
This doesn't need much explanation. If you have never had a Montreal bagel then go here and eat one that is fresh out of the brick oven, preferably sesame. You will never look back at an American counterpart...ever.
My wife and I love this place. Our go to for dinner and a movie, everything I've ever had here is delicious. Maybe it's partly the nostalgia for me as I grew up with Mi Amigo's in the east valley. Consistently great food at a decent price, can't complain about that.
Good sushi, little pricy. Guess they have a good 1/2 price happy hour, would probably go back then.
shady hidden fess ....
Horrible Service. Food was sub par. Not as good as an Olive Garden. Expected a more authentic taste. The decor was the only positive. Again, horrible SERVICE! I do not recommend.
Great lunch specials, rivaled only by Venezia's pizza. This is however Chicago style pizza.
I was pleasantly surprised by what a solid, entertaining show this was! Carrot Top is hilarious-really glad we went!
Thee worst service we stayed at the Rio Hotel and this was the only fast food spot local, the manager was cussing speaking to another employee while customers were waiting on food....this is insane!
Cold and Dry food on a buffet. Really people? C'mon.
Waited 5 minutes for water then another 15 minutes before I walked out due to no one taking my order.
The best thing about this meal was the grilled cheese appetizer, and the cocktail was alright too (although the lady's watermelon beer wasn't very good).  Burger was way undercooked, service was average at best.  In a city as big as Vegas, I don't think ill be coming back anytime soon
Great food but extremely slow lunch service. Had to wait 45 mins for our food today from the time our order was taken. We'll still be back, just extremely disappointed with the slow service. Only saw our waitress 1 time while waiting on our food.
I love this place!! Waterfall outside! Serves food late into the night! \n\nThe food here is fantastic! It is a breath of fresh air when you can taste the love that an establishment has put into their food!\n\nWill be back many times in the future. Highly recommended.
Red Rock is a wonderful golf club, and worth playing when in Las Vegas.  However I will say there are soooo many bunkers I thought I was at the beach in So Cal.  By the way if at all possible play in the morning, the afternoon wind is something NASTY.
Location is convenient. Food is good but not great. The service is spotty.
Everything here looks delicious! I got the pitaya bowl. BEAUTIFUL presentation. I wish I had the option to blend protein into the pitaya though because it was just basically a smoothie in a bowl.
The food here is delicious and the beer is awesome.  The flights are served with decent sized pours, which is enough for my husband and I to share.  They definitely need to expand as it is always super busy.
My husband and I went on Wednesday night and even though there wasn't much going on, the bartender, Paul, made excellent drinks and we had an amazing time in such a classy place. We will always come back for this type of atmosphere! Love it
As others have said, this is comparable to an olive garden or some other mediocre Italian chain. Your money would be spent better elsewhere. The pasta sauce that was used is very watery and didn't stick to the noodles at all.
wouldn't take my gift card.  Gave no warning until the register.  Only ate here because I had the gift card as a gift.\n\nI don't mind them not taking them ... Just warn me before I order and am forced to pay cash!
Bad food and even worst service, my wife ended up leaving the table while I asked for the check that is how mad she was.\nNew management or more training is a must.
got the hobo breakfast!  It was wonderfully yummy.  will definitely be returning.
Very good food, nice atmosphere, efficient wait staff.  My only complaint would be that there is always a wait for a table. Get there early people!
Great service and food! Shonell did a wonderful job with our order and was very nice!!! The philly's are on point and are not soggy at all, just right and taste wonderful.
You ain't down
Not bad at all.  They had a buy 1 large and get a free small pizza promotion going which was great.  I still like Metro and NY pizza better but this was fine.
All I have to say is that they have a very very small sandwhich selection at the deli.  Kinda unusual given that the deli itself is good sized.
I never write reviews but this DEFINITELY deserved one. Came a week ago the day I arrived and came back on my way back out. Incredible food, ambience and great service and staff! Love it! I'll be back in a couple weeks!
I have ordered delivery from here and each time I do I am disappointed.  Their Mongolian Beef and Kung Pao chicken are way too bland and do not taste like any other Chinese I have ever had.  I've had their Sesame chicken and it is just alright - nothing special.
You can't beat the price for the quality. If you're looking for upscale and expensive, go to Scottsdale. Otherwise if you want downhome and good swing by Texaz. The Freidy's Filet is awesome!
Not anything to write home about but some decent pizza for downtown when you have a buzz. Typical street pizza  greasy.
Had the chili rellanos, was not very good, tasted like a giant cheesestick. Beans and rice were okay, beans tasted a bit watered down
***** Drove by on 1/4/2013 and now the place is called \"Spur Saloon\" - Looks like the same -owners. It's been 3 different bars in about 3 years now.
Don't eat the chicken!! 3 times now I've spit out gristle,  and when I privately let them know, they said their chicken was fine. Not the case.
Love their Chicken and Waffles ;)
Hope this place succeeds. Healthy food on the go. Inexpensive. Great options. Wraps, rice bowls, salads. Good falafel. Quiet, clean place.
Avoided because it was slow and saw 10 customers with receipts in their hands.  Not a good sign.
Not impressed by service nor food but environment/atmosphere is perfect for date- ate here in december
The pizza is great and it's so original! The price is good and the food is great. But don't ask them for ranch it will highly offend them, they say that people use ranch to cover up the taste of bad pizza. The cheese is amazing!
I have only been here once but it was a fun experience, my friends and the lady serving us shared a lot of jokes, which is awesome.  I will come back again!
Quick Question, What are your hours of operation?? \nI need some fabric and have a tight schedule, therefore I must plan ahead.\n\nThank you!
I'm here almost every day. I love the barristas. Love love love.
The service is excellent. The food, drinks and ambiance superb!!! A bit pricey for breakfast but money well spent
Worst sushi I've ever had- piles of rice and imitation crab meat is all I can recall.
Great ambience. Great drinks. Great food. I love this place!
mac's is so much better.  that is all.
An interesting aspect of the buffet is that many of the sides come in their own small dish or pot and that makes sharing a taste easier. We had a large group and tried many of the sides. I enjoyed much of the food, but would not rate this as a top buffet.
they are awsome
Food was very good and reasonably priced. Staff is super friendly. Ordered my food to go because louder atmosphere of music playing and too many talking over it isn't my thing. In cooler weather, the patio seating will be awesome. Very tropical look and much quieter than indoor seating! Overall, real nice to grab a hamburger.
Seriously the most unattractive, demeaning thing I've ever witnessed! Almost no one gave even a dollar, and the women who did got pulled onto stage so the men could do disgusting things to them that looked like they hurt. Please do not go here!
This food was disgusting it's nothing like it is in New York and they pre cook all their chicken so when you order it they just drop it back into the wok so it is very dry and bad quality in general the sauces they add to the food and I tried all were horrible !!!
Fantastic meal at Eleven last week. The best I've had there of many. This one was 5-star though some have been 4-star. Only complaint was that the white wine was served almost room temp, but this was corrected quickly with an ice bucket.
Great place :) the menu has a great variety I had breakfast and it was  amazing :) I am excited to go back and try lunch and dinner :) we has Jesse as our server and he  very pleasant :) we even played a game of darts after !
Great food.  Love the biscuit of the day!
Great clean apartment building. I loved living here! \n\nPro:\nStunning views\nFriendly staff\nClean gym\n\nCon:\nThe pool took forever to get fixed
Great neighborhood place to eat sushi! Their albacore nigiri is a must have. Service is good too.
The food here is good! The pizza was good, fried chicken and steak skewers were all good the service was good and the whole place is pretty cute! Right after your done eating you can head over to a table or a slot machine! =)
Very helpful staff, clean and organized store, manager is walking around asking if anyone has any questions, and very busy! Their grooming area is great and the groomers really know what they're doing. This location also has pet adoptions every once in awhile outside, which is cool!
Ship your stuff any other way you can, you will be frustrated with the service from the drivers and the non existent customer service. what a joke
So good! The food was great, as were the wines and desserts. The waiter and busboys were on point, they were friendly, but and polite and made you feel comfortable, definitely not pretentious as I thought they might have been. I would go back in a heartbeat.
So we had ordered 12 wings. It took them less than ten mins and there it was for us. Who would've known she would go home from work as she could not stop hurling and having diarrhea.  Will be in contact with the health department soon as they should look at proper techniques to cook safely.
Awesome service at this place. Took in a guitar I had no hope of ever playing again-- it was warped and all the frets buzzed. Lo and behold, a week later it was as new again. Thanks guys-- you've earned a customer for life.
Five of us dined, one of us received undercooked pasta and had to wait until everyone else had finished their dinner to receive theirs. Overall the food was delicious but not on my list to return to anytime soon.
Another one of my favorite brands. Whenever I'm in Vegas I have to stop by this store. Always have some good sales on some nice clothes. \n\nBen Sherman is dope!
Food presentation great, nice location overlooking strip,  service slow, price too high for the quality.  Maybe go back to see if they stepped it up on the service and any food special.  Other than that, better places on and off the strip.
Snooze is my favorite brunch place. I'm so glad one opened up in Tempe. I always get the breakfast pretzel sandwich. My husband gets the Ham Benedict. We LOVE the sweet potato pancake and OMG French Toast. I hope this place never goes out of business!
Great place if you are looking for huge pieces of sashimi for a great price. Their rolls are not the best ever but they are good. There rolls are big and the pieces are big too. If you have a big mouth this is the place. If not then you might need to cut each piece in two. Great place for the price.
The fish tacos were.... gross.  Other items on the menu may be fine, but I am not going back because the fish tacos were so disappointing (and relatively expensive).  That is all.
We are very happy with our new pool fence! Owen and his son went above and beyond to get our fence installed quickly. It looks fabulous and they did a great job.
Sushi was fresh, but everything was drowning in sauce that was too sour, or too sweet, or too American.
Everything you want in a good bar: Strong drinks. Quick bartenders. Cheap pool tables. Good jukebox.\n\nAmazing little hooks in the high tables for pool cues. \n\nYes. Go there.
I find myself here once a week. Would be a great place if the service was half descent.  However the service plain old sucks and the servers are no help they speak Zero english. Other then that not bad tea.
I cant imagine hell to be much different
The food was amazing! I had the taco combination plate, chicken and Carne asada were perfect!  My husband had the machete and it was delicious!  I will definitely be ordering the machete every time we come back! You have to come try this place!
I went in to get some cupcakes but there were flies sitting all over the cakes and scones ... I lost my appetite and left the place. They should at least have a plastic cover for all of the pastries like Atlanta Bread. It was disgusting... Sanitary issueeeee
I always here great stuff about this place.\n\nThe food and service totally suck.\n\nThe tortillas are pretty good and the scenery is great but seriously, a blind homeless guy could cook better.\n\nComplete rip off, dont believe the hype.
This was apart of our girls getaway to Vegas. I am totally not into male strippers at all, but I had a really good time. My favorites are Aiden and the host (don't remember his name). Good show for girls who want to have fun.
The food was adequate, as were the drinks.  It's location in the middle of a clothing store does not endear it to me either.  And to top it off, very pricey for what it was....
Bennys is like a old girlfriend, we've been through the best and the worst together. To start the best is food how the menu is so far and beyond anything around. But I have had hit or miss occasions and I've heard horror stories and glory stories so until consistency pervales  good luck
The food was really good, however the service was terrible.  This place needs a staff attitude check.  I wanted to ordered more drinks and food at the empty bar, but they were bar staff was too busy planning their own after-hours.  I expect long-term this place won't last if they don't get get a whole new staff.
I liked it my wife said hell no
Quite a selection of donuts. Even had cronuts. The price for a dozen was around 10.00.\nThe donuts were fresh and delicious. The ladies behind the counter were kind and swift. \nI like the fact that they open at 5AM, I can then pick up a dozen for my office.
Brief review because I just went there for some drinks.    Great atmosphere.    There was a gent playing the piano - who sounded awesome.   I am very interested in their breakfast.   I will definitely go there again and update my review.
Short and sweet, and as a Haiku.\n\nParking is awful\nNo wine, but that's PA's fault\nBest organic food
Great drinks! Milk tea is freshly brewed! Not from packets. You can also alter how sweet you want your drinks to be.
This is not like your \" big theme park horror nights!\" This is for those that want their wits scared out of them.  Your fear level is being tested as the actors are able to touch you. Any maze that has you sign a release form before entering is definitely a FEAR tester.
The staff was so nice and helpful.  Our food was average, but the beer was delicious.
Delicious, & affordable food!\nGet the Wall Street pizza its super good!! ;)
The service here was outstanding with a very friendly staff. I could not believe the amount of food we got for $7 per plate. Great food. Great prices. A new Pittsburgh favorite of mine.
Well ...you been to one Panda Express you've been to them all.  It serves a purpose of getting a healthy plateful of fair chinese fare!   So there! :)
Great atmosphere , old style diner, prices and selection are decent. Don't let the exterior fool you. Has a small town feel.
The wait staff was totally rude. The food was nothing to rave about considering the prices.
Why do I do this to myself- we had visitors so we had to do Harolds, crappy food, spotty service\nBut FUN!
This place has plenty of seating and looks nice and that is about it. Sora and Monta still much better. I had the #1 and the ramen was very starchy. Not impressed with the broth. Sora is still my #1.
The worst foot massage experienced.  My wife agreed.  The two girls chatted in Chinese non stop while we were there.  They basically touched our feet for an hour, even after we asked them to do something different.  We left the place frustrated as hell.
Worst casino on the strip in my opinion, worst buffet as well. Only come here if you must so you can entertain your children.
Sorry to say but I'm not a fan after my first visit. Maybe I just ate on an off day but I dint enjoy the flavors as much when compared to say Pita Jungle and though the meat and vegetables were over done service was very friendly though so it wasn't all bad
Nice people and delicious vegan food. Their spinach and artichoke dip and nacho cheese are amazing. Everything is low fat and labeled for common allergies. We love veg out!
Checked out Red Mango for the first time, excellent frozen yogurt!  I really liked the pomegrante flavored one.  The rest were very good, but not amazing like the pomegrante.  Not really much seating in this place, so get your yogurt to go.
Honest, great quality work, friendly people, quick....don't go anywhere else!
Grilled Chicken Salad with Cashews, strawberries and Goat cheese is amazing.
I love this cleaning company! I have only used them for a few months but already am a fan of their friendly and caring staff, their attention to detail, and their professionalism. Cleaning reports, check-in's, and surprise inspections are things that separates this cleaning company from the rest. Thank you!
Very helpful & accommodating! Went in for shoes & socks; left with a free pair of socks & an additional discount for my place of employment.  Will definitely return!
I love the chicken parmigiana  here. It tastes just as good as more expensive places but 1/2 the cost. Salads are fresh and my kids love the pizza. This is a hidden gem. Service is always good.
If you love your dog and want them to be treated better than home - bring them to Carolina Doggie Playland.  They are true dog people and want everyone to be happy!
Don't bother. They can't even handle a to go order for a slice and a salad. Stll waiting after 20 minutes.
Love this place. Helpful staffs, clean place. Can be a little Noisy due to the casinos and clubs around the place.
Hey it's Dairy Queen, what more is there to say? it's always clean
Went for dinner\nHad a loaded chicken  salad\nIt wasn't really loaded\nIt had mix greens 4 cucumber slices and four tomato slices. The salad dressing was the best part.
Do yourself a favor and get in a cab instead. I prebooked online and have been waiting in line almost an hour now for the actual shuttle only because I prepaid. Share a cab with someone it's cheaper and quicker.
Pretty good indian food. I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious. It's a small place but we will certainly go back .
i give this place a 3 rating, due to lack of service. i asked for refill and took them so long just for a refill, food is ok, leg of lamb is ok, but not much of a variety as other churrasquerias.
The people here were gross. \nI have nothing against an older crowd. In fact, I can appreciate an older crowd but this was an awkward crowd and it was far from a party.
I would not come here again. The waiter completely forgot about us and the food was below mediocre. I got a beef burrito and it was basically all refried beans and hardly any meat. The pork was hard, tasteless and unappetizing. I suggest Dos reales for better food, service and prices!
Food was good, not great.  Overpriced and service was just so so.  We expected much more. We are locals and would most likely not return.
Good services twice in a row.
Love this place!! \nM & M's everywhere, what else could be \nbetter?\nSure it's a tourist trap, so what?
The star is for the halo-halo only other than that, service was terrible. If you're ever in vegas, i don't recommend this Max's. Food was tasteless, greasy plus really terrible waiters. Lesson learned.
Coffee is great, but over $40 for breakfast for 2 adults and 1 child is a bit much when I can go to other places and pay up to 50% less and get a full service local owned restaurant. \n\nBreakfasts don't include potatoes either which is weird to me.
Service was mediocre food nothing to rave about only thing Bread was excellent
it has everything you need.
Diner quality food at higher prices, with relatively poor service. Asked for a list of their good tequilas, and was told they had jose... When i pointed out that i saw patron she said she didn't bother mentioning it because it was too expensive.
There is nothing not to like here.  Must try the fondue pretzels.   Sit at the bar if you can for good interaction and people watching.
Lovely staff, the cashier Yodit was very helpfully store was very clean . They always have the cheapest gas in town
Takes airport bars to new heights with decent beer list and menu
For the most part you can get great service, but sometimes they just bypass you. That comes with most bars I have been too.  The food is great especially for bar food!
My go to place for cheap sushi.  Don't miss happy hour or reverse happy hour for half price rolls.  They're about $3.  Best deal in town!  The place is super good and fantastic atmosphere.  Their fish tank is gorgeous and the inside has beautiful water features.
AYCE sushi place snd I'm having the burger. It's a Kobe Burger and it's not bad. Here's what's wrong with the AYCE menu: no half tolls, no kama, no sashimi, one salad.
Collette did an awesome job on my lashes. I've seen so may eyelash extensions on people that just don't look natural. My lashes look long and natural and I've gotten many compliments on them. I highly recommend her.
If I could give no stars I would. Danielle was horrible.  Did not listen one bit to what I asked for.  I came out looking worse than when I showed up to get my hair done.  If I could take my tip back I would!  Will never come back to this so called salon again.  The worst!
This was actually a quick trip, just wanted a classic strawberry shake, is that so much 2 ask.....
Very beautiful parish. The congregation is polite but not overly friendly. Usually have donuts and beverages after mass. School children fundraise and sell newspapers. \n\n Recommend going to the sides to get your communion- real fast.\n\nAlso, last mass is at 11 AM.
I always love am pm :) came in here for a drink on my way home, and some gas before it doubles, yet again! \n\nClean,quick and lots of drink options!
Agreed with Dave's review about the staff and service being a hit or miss. I normally don't make stops anymore to cold stone restaurants because their ice cream is so expensive. Plus, I don't care for the taste of their ice cream. Maybe it is just me, but I think it's overrated.
Dinner before movie on a friday night. Fish & Chips just sounds fabulous.
Horrible. An hour without water, silverware, or any real service.  On the other hand, the hostess was condescending and hostile. If you like small, bland portions for a lot of money, go for it. Otherwise, Jack n The Box has a better gastronomic atmosphere.
Good prices. Quick service. On schedule when I make appointments. Had a few screw ups but they do their best to make it right.
So freaking good. Will was a great help and explained the menu when we walked up. Our crew ordered sandwiches then went over to Dino's to pick up some cold beers to go with our sandwiches. Will brought us our food and it was divine. Definitely worth checking this spot out.
Loved the fries and shakes ! friendly staff too!
We went for the indoor pool since Heritage Complex is a bit too far. The front dest was rude, the girl who checked us in at the pool was not friendly and the pool area was pretty dark, and it was small. We will Not be going there again!
This place is so damn good! Obviously, you have to wait because they are pretty much always busy, but it's totally worth it. Small place, great atmosphere, and delicious food. Truffle Parmesan fries are a must have!
Good beer selection. Service sucks.
One of our favorite neighbourhood  bistros. We have been coming here for over a decade. As a matter of fact we came for dinner the night we decided to get married and wrote the guest list on one of their napkins. Service and atmosphere are friendly. Prices are high but the food is good.
Nice ambiance, dinner menu pricey, staff was friendly, not the best Thai but decent for the Scottsdale lack of ethnic food.
Not worth the wait or the money plus horrible service. Don't bother upgrading with buffet of buffets pass either....the upgrade fee is per visit and they don't even inform you of that fact!!  Disappointing on all levels!
My husband went in to trade in his computer for a laptop. The sales staff was rude and not helpful. Needless to say he went to one of the big box stores and got a laptop and very courteous help! Hmmm wonder if the bosses at Laptop ever send in secret shoppers?? Maybe they should!
Tried a couple sliders, bloody Mary's, Mac & cheese and of course on-tap beers and enjoyed it all.  Bar is usually all 21+ but at early Sun. football games kids are OK.
This YMCA is a great spot for getting in, working out, and getting out without a big hassle.  I like the size of the gym and the selection of machines, weights, etc. The staff is very nice and helpful if you need assistance.
solid place, good breakfast option. The only issue is the service is completely hit or miss depending on who you get and at what time. We have walked out from too long a wait a time or too and that is really unacceptable for a vegas spot.
Love the German style dining room
What can I say...I like it. When friends are saying Ihop or even worse, Dennys; thien this place is a Godsend for breakfast. Mimis is like Ihops VIP room.
Had lunch at Bliss again ... still yummy as always! This time I had the ceasar salad and their shoe string  parmesan cheese fries. I still recommend this place for lunch or dinner.
Renovations are still underway, but outdoor drapes and curtains give the place a tropical, calssy, Jamiaca-meets-South Beach feel. The inside of the lounge now features a wooden dance floor, which helps the growing swing scene on Fridays.
Great vibe, delicious drinks- only complaint was that the tables were dirty and service was slow. Not sure if their employees are supposed to clean up empty cups and dishes but it wasn't happening the day I went there. Great place to grab a drink and chill out though.
We wait for one hour or more. They bring the food, was cold and nothing really good, expensive for the kind of food they have. Awful very disappointed, we came here for the good reviews but was not true.
Used to be my favorite restaurant until today I found a hair in my steak I paid big bucks for low hygiene.
I did restaurant week here. it was amazing. portions were perfect. only thing that i didn't like was some of the desserts but i'm not a dessert person. Service was fantastic too.
If I could give this place a negative star rating I would. Food is awful and service is the same, awful! Save yourself and go somewhere different.
The pepperoni muffins are magical!
The service was good, the food, not so much. went because we had a Groupon, won't be back.
Purchased a groupon for 2 for $49 taxes not included was great food looked fresh didn't wait in line, if you arrive after 7pm you'll be in a line. Waiters are great def will return again when in town.
Service was friendly, and the place clean. Prices are bit on the high side. I had a smoothe that was large, and good. I also ordered a wrap with chips that was disappointing. It was the size of, and tasted like a hot pocket. Go for a smoothe, but eat elsewhere.
Very tasty Italian food.  I enjoyed the calamari and stuffed canneloni.  Place is dimly lit and a little dated but nice and intimate. Servers were cordial but not overly attentive.  Pricey, which reflects the cloth tablecloths and napkins.
Awesome pho, broth is very flavorful, lots of veggies, and good portion of quality beef. They also have great service and reasonable prices. Best I've found in Phoenix, looking forward to going back and trying some of their other things.
Super clean, very friendly staff!
Love Grimaldi's! Awesome pizza, wonderful service, good drinks and fair prices. Highly recommend if you're in Las Vegas!
You must try the honeycomb! I've never tried anything like it and love that my roommate introduced me to it. I went to grab a bag as a thank you for a friend yesterday and it is definitely a fun treat to share with others.
Parking sucks, waiting may be long, but the food is worth it. Never had an average or bad experience here. It's becoming our regular Sunday night digs.
Our favorite pho place in the valley.  Always fresh, and the service is fast and friendly.
It's by far the worst service EVER! this company needs to fire their management first of all. 2nd, it's Christmas, don't have only 3 servers on the floor. Didn't even get any drinks. Never coming back or recommending this place to ANYONE
See my review in there real business area not this attempt to overshadow there real 3 star business... shame on them.
This location has such a different feel than the others around Pittsburgh. Perhaps it's the well-lit bar, or maybe it's that there's a new bartender every time I make it over here. In any case, it doesn't quite have the \"feel\" that North Hills and Robinson have.
This place is the one Walmart that I see sad employees, the lines get out of hand and the reg never smile or speak to you, and trying to get help finding something no one will ever help you they tell you to hold on while they ask someone and then never come back well this place isn't on my list anymore.
Good, solid Starbucks location.  I have been here a handful of times.  They have been fast and get the orders right.  What else can you ask for?
This place never disappoints!!  I don't like ayce but this place is awesome! Do the seared tuna, seared pepper tuna, ika and super white!
Is probably the best Torta in the East Valley!  Not a huge selection here, but you really wouldn't want to order anything else!  Super fresh bread. Fresh ingredients with huge slices of avocado!  The owners are what make this place special. Super nice guys with great service.
Hmmm... this place looks FABULOUS and I can't get anyone to answer a phone or connect to schedule anything.  I'm not sure if you're still open for business?  The phone only disconnects to a fax line.
Seem like a great place to hang out and talk with a group of friend.\nI'm a tea lover and they have a great variety of tea available. Wish I can try them all. \nI usually order the green apple tea.
FYI, I just called and Penazzi is no longer open.
Can't live without coffee from Starbucks .. Long lines but service is fast
Wife and I stumbled upon Coconuts after a movie. We both ordered the fish tacos and had a great conversation with the owner. Come one come all for some amazing tacos. Enjoy.
Odd little dive bar. The nice young lady from Chicago helped make this a 4 star place.
This airline suck!!! The worst airline experience ever!!! The customer service was extremely rude. They charge you for anything and everything. $45 to take a carry-on. \n\nI will never fly this airline ever again!!!!
I was staying next door at the sister hotel, but I wandered all over this Hotel.  There are beautiful gardens and art works all over the place.
Some things were very delicious while other had been sitting in a food warmer all day. Hit and miss
Don Pedro's has officially closed down now.   Good luck to the family.   Sad to see a local business close down,  but they had been guttering in food quality and service for quite some time.
Amazing experience!  Great Great service!  Highly recommend! Great martinis and generous pours on the wine samplings. Service a was perfect!
Slow service. Wish they would move faster. Seems like speed for the customer and valuing customers' time is not a priority. As a result I drive out if my way to another circle k, or even a QuikTrip which is far superior in all ways -- cleaner, faster, friendlier people, and consistently so.
Cappuccino is really yummy!
Best chilaquiles! Great services! Mariachi was amazing! I am for sure coming back to this place every Vegas trip!
So easy to get to service is the best and can't beat the happy hour .
Amazing food. I love coming here!! Its one of those places I can only afford every once in a while, but when I do its awesome. Try the bacon wrapped, blue cheese filet with port soaked mushrooms...wow...melts in your mouth.
No very impressed. Service wasn't great and the food took forever. I could tell the server knew we were unhappy and kept \"overly trying\" to help us and it ended up being annoying. We won't be back...
Decent grub, although the grape leaves sucked and the service, while quick, was RUDE. No atmosphere. Much better Med food in the 'burgh.
The salon is beautifully decorated and complimentary wine is served. I went to go see Jillian after I couldn't stand to look at my hair anymore, it was damaged beyond repair. I was wrong! Jillian made me look beautiful again! Definitely recommend!
These guys are all about recycling and saving the planet. They really care about all their clients no matter how big or small. Wouldn't go anywhere else for recycling all my metals...Awesome!
I love this place but without the owner being here the service sucks and the food sucks. I will be back like always but just hope they can get some consistency
No card option, just coins.  Two of the stalls were inoperable (coins jammed and stuck into slots).
A little cupcake/ice cream shop steps away from Notre Dame Basilica. \nVanilla gelato was good.\nSorbets were too sweet for my liking.\nI didn't try their cupcakes but i did have a latte (rather have tim hortons)
Healthy start breakfast, just order it.  Megan the bartender is great!
If you have a spare $100 and are not real hungry go here. Long wait,poor service very average food at best but hard to tell when it comes out cold
Pick two cookies and a flavor if ice cream and you get an awesome over cream sandwich for $2!!! You might have to deal with an annoying crowd of college students though, so only 3 stars for that.  This is an awesome place to grab a treat or get dessert after dinner!
I wish I could give them 10 stars. The service is always top notch and I love the Chimi's
A really pleasant surprise. We visited years ago and did not enjoy the experience. We visited again on July 23 and really did enjoy the experience. The offerings were fresh and tasty food was well presented and the variety was extensive. We look forward to our next visit
nice in hotel restaurant.
I visited this location over the weekend.The food was pretty good but prices were a little on the higher side. I give it a 3 star!
Had the Italian Stallion and it was great.  I liked this place better than Bianco in terms of pizza.  The salad was a bit bland though.  I would definitely recommend checking this place out!
Great place for kids. All the staffs are very nice and friendly. Would definitely refer..
This establishment needs employees with stronger English skills. I ordered a BEEF burrito and ended up with a FISH burrito. It wasn't until I got home (which is 15 minutes away) that I noticed the order was screwed up. Looks like Los Favs is getting my business from now on.
I came here for lunch to try it and it was pretty good! The atmosphere is nice and the music is good. I love the fact they have a little topping bar for your meals with like habanero sauce or pico de gallo. The tacos I got were good too. I recommend the steak ones.
Chris, the shuttle driver is awesome. He made my day and is a reason I'd stay with Super 8!
Los Fav does not disappoint for basic Mexican fast food. We like it better than most divey Mexican fast food around Mesa. This location is nice because they offer order ahead then just go thru the drive thru for fast service. \nI don't like their Horchata. But that's about it.
Poor customer service walked in there has to get my daughters hair cut right away they said it be 45 minutes.  No one was in there. I understand appointments but learn customer service and try saying hello.
Incredibly over cooked salmon and steak.  Lucky to get one star.  The high reviews must be a result of the location and drunkenness of the peeps.
Beer Selection is insane.  Food very very good as well.  The only thing I can recommend is to get seasonal beers from small breweries and producers instead of large breweries.
Ordered a Pacific veggie pizza No Onions Please! Sure enough ,there were onions on it. Domino's has'nt changed, and their crust still sucks. Try a little harder next time. A pizza order can get much simpler than that.
Bon buffet\n\nNourritures tr\u00e8s bonnes (pour un buffet)\n\nTr\u00e8s propre !\n\nService correct !
This place has the best bagels I have ever had!  I don't know what it is, but they are just perfect, way better than Einstein IMO.  I even put a bunch in the freezer and they were still delicious when toasted.  I will definitely go back to this place!
Beautiful spot for an afternoon tea. But the tea could be much better. When I asked where it was from they said Canada. Seems strange to get tea from Canada Mandarin can do better. \n\nI love the view its a great spot to have a tea and the finger sandwiches were excellent.
Eh...  Ok, but not really inspiring.  Thin crust was THIN, and the toppings kind of slid off.
This was the best of the 4 buffets we tried with our Buffet of Buffets pass.  The quality was good and choices were plenty.  We had dinner there, and wished we tried their breakfast.  Would definitely come back the next time we are in Vegas.
I have eaten there 5 times, this time the service was just not that good. Food is good, but the server made me feel invisible.  5 stars for the food, 2 star for the service
So delicious-- the fried chicken is awesome. So is the cornbread. Dirty rice is really spicy so I go 50/50 spicy/regular but honestly, this place rocks. I wish they delivered! But seriously, worth the walk. It's intended to be take out but there's a bar to eat at.
Ive been coming here since I was a kid..same owner, same quality, same service. EXCELLENT!!!
I think we tried about 7 or 8 dishes and only the ribs and calamari stood out. Bacon wrapped figs didn't do anything for me. Joint is cheap and boisterous if that's what you're looking for.
Never had the chance to try the food... When I asked them how long the wait would be they told me they don't give wait times.... Snooty
Pretty good food but the game where you use the arm and try to grab stuff is too hard so it only gets four stars. If you go there I would suggest the French Toast Slam.
Awesome Tikka Marsala and the Vindaloo is to die for!  The wait staff are friendly and prompt, and the food is amazing. I don't claim to be an expert on Indian cuisine, but we do enjoy Chutney's, and when we are hungry for good Indian food, we always head here.
I went here a while back and I forget what kind of sandwich I ordered but the guy put my meat in what looked like dirty dish water before whisking it away for whatever was the next step. I never went back.
Great food, interesting service. I always go and never leave wanting more. I end up full but wish that the decor was better. It looks like Thailand threw up on it. Good food, support a local business.
I visited many breakfast places and this one is a special one because of the service, the cozy place and the best food. All the waitresses were adorable. The ratio price quality is decent. I recommend it.
So delish!! Had a great experience here with some girlfriends for Phoenix restaurant week! \n\nThey have a pianist that playing relaxing music in the middle of the bar. If you are looking for a nice dinner, with reasonable $$, and great service then check out Seasons 52!!
The decor is nice and makes for a nice ambiance. Good beer selection and pizza. Pool tables are some of the best in town. Overall great local place to go.
Today I just didn't like the chai tea latte...tasted watered down...didn't even drink half if it had to throw it out, just tasted gross
Enjoy the place and dine here often when in Vegas.  Great service, food and atmosphere.
Can't say enough good things about Laura and Bronze Bar. She does an amazing job. Everytime I go, she listens to my specific needs and we talk through the process beforehand. I've always been so happy with my tan! Great location, very fair prices. The only place I will ever go!
I would definitely come back here. A lot of people, we came in late, but still able to get in right away and so spacious still. \n\nThe place is just awesome. Very high end. Drink prices are okay, considering the bouginess of this place.
Good food, good prices, and a nice patio. I would go back in the future. This location is good for guests of the Arizona Grand Resort. You can walk or have a short drive to Aunt Chilada's. The salsa was really good!
I liked the decor and its location but for the price you should go to Quiznos. The sandwich was okay, nothing special. Place was dead on a Sunday for sure! Perhaps if the food wasn't so small for the price it would be better.
Excellent Kobe burger. Be prepared to spend $20 for a burger once you load your cheese, mushrooms and bacon! Great beer selection and friendly staff. My friend had one of the milkshakes and it looked rich and awesome. Go, you'll enjoy it.
No where near worth the price. They seem afraid to season the food. it all tasted flat. The biscuits I could get at a local breakfast diner. No plans to ever go back and wouldn't recommend it to a friend.
Excellent breakfast, and that pan cake was out of this world!
Good, not great. For the price, there are better steakhouses to choose from in Madison.
This is probably some of the best Asian cuisine in Charlotte. The menu is comprehensive, the service is pretty good and I haven't had a bad meal yet. \n\nIt is great for take out too!
I am a beer fanatic and they have a great selection here for a small bar. The staff let me try many different kinds and are happy to help. Good local place for great beers.
I went on Sunday at 2.  The sign says their open, yet the doors were locked. Dissapointing!
Awesome Cuban and Reuben sandwiches and fries!  Great bottles root beer and fries too!  A nice hidden gem in one of the best if not the best sports book in Vegas!
The guy was freindly and told us about Ethopia.  Itwas entertaining. We tipped well.
Amazing concept! Fresh chicken.  Naked chix are delicious.  Flat chicken outrageous.   Can't wait to go back to try more.   Great work guys.  Great staff.  Keep smiling.
Fresh and tasty!!!
Went to a Sunday lunch with my mom, but never again.  The service was awful and it wasn't even busy at all.  My mom ordered a chicken flatbread only to find two hairs (not hers) and a piece of plastic wrapper? No thank you...
There was something missing. I cAnt put my finger on it. I wasn't satisfied with the food. I wasn't satisfied with the service, I just didn't feel like I had an overall satisfying experience at this buffet compared to other buffets I have visited in the past.
Not bad.  I was expecting a sweeter Cinnabun actually.  I don't drink coffee and I got a hot chocolate but they only serve you hot water and give you a chocolate packet.  Ha ha - not funny because the quality is poor.\n\nService was pretty quick.
Cute lil hk store in the mall. I heard about this store theu yelp and thought i'd check it out. Tiny store, filled with the tokyo discount goods. Its ok for the most part, but I'd rather go to their sister stores around town (they have a bigger selection).
Beautiful people, chic decor, and above average food.  The tried and true Fox formula.\n\nHighlight:  Butternut Squash Cannelloni
Easy 5. Authentic old school ice cream parlor with PSU ice cream ( peachy paterno etc). The ice cream soda was an outstanding ride in the wayback machine.
I can not believe the size of these portions. My boyfriend and I shared the chicken and biscuits and there was more then enough food. It was good but the chicken was very dry. We will return to try some of the other menu items which all sound delicious.
Great place to shop lots to do has food drinks place to sit and relax after shopping a bit
Very dry chicken. Not very tasty.
The Wynn theater is designed great.  Le' Reve was amazing to see.  I love the water and the circular round theater.  \nThere is no bad seat, and there is a lot of seating.  The seats are comfy to sit in.\nMust come here to enjoy a show if you are in Vegas.
Being skeptical of spray tans, I was hesitant to try Sun Gun. This is place is amazing. The staff is excellent, inviting and most of all good at what they do. It's a super modern and exceptionally clean place. The product is absolutely the best. You won't be disappointed.
Service was slow. Food was not good, seemed old and reheated. We love the one in Birkdale but this one was a disappointment.
Beautiful landscaping in the summer, spare yet majestic in the winter. Quite, calm, relaxing, serine.
The management isn't big on making sure the theater is glean. The only seats that were left is full of trash. Well that's movies today for you.
Expensive for the quality of the food, but better than I had expected. Dessert wasn't as good as the main course. Nifty looking bar.
duck was super dry, the waiters didn't speak english and I think I could have cooked myself a better meal, which is not saying much
Nothing to impressed, but not bad either. Just food. I think more for kids. Its 5 bucks for some small burgers & fries.
Pretty yummy pizza and the price was awesome! I just walked by this place and seen the prices I paid about $4 for a slice of pizza and it was bomb! I'm so coming back to this place next time I'm in town
I've never had a cuticle fungus in the last 15 years of getting my nails done. I would not suggest this place ever! If you decide to go I suggest making them use ONLY the regular nail file not the power file because it cuts the skin. And causes cuticle infection! Never again!!
Store always has that pretty messy look to it. But hey, there is a post office in the back
Great tourist fare. When we have family in town that appreciate a 32oz porterhouse more than a delicate sashimi, this is where we head. It is quite the drive from Phoenix, but portions are large and service is always prompt and friendly.
What supermarket has live entertainment? Mariano's has a piano in store! It strikes me as a lower priced Whole Foods with the same quality products.
Good Buffet!  Like the SeaFood Buffet at the  M Resort a lot better!
The quality of the food is worth the price. great seafood for those who actually enjoy the natural taste of seafood as opposed to taste built-up by sauces, frying, etc.
I came into  this store to buy power steering fluid then I also picked up a can to refill my Ac on the car , of course I had no clue what I was supposed to do. Al was so helpful and knowledgable he made my trip there a breeze I will be back to this store everyone was nice :)
Customer service here leaves a lot to be desired. Although they will help, it usually done with minimal personality and little to no professionalism.
Nice shoe department! Very nice clean and organized store.
Jessica did an AMAZING job fixing the complete mess the salon across the street did! Thank you for squeezing me in! Wonderful customer service, and a great atmosphere! My sculpted acrylics are beautiful!  :-)
Nice theater in a nice casino.  Staff overall is okay.
One of the nicer hotels on the strip. The front desk attendant was very welcoming.  The panorama suite is pretty amazing with views of the red rock mountains to a good chunk of the strip and the plain old airport, as well as a tiny piece of the wynn golf course.\n\nWill come again soon.
Good service and tastie food, but on the pricey side. Fun place to dine out with someone special or with a group. For sure try the house specials, yummy. Just be prepared for the bill. Two people easily cost 100 bucks. Pricing makes no sense.
Am I missing something?  All I know is I wish I was the genius who came up with the idea to charge $30 for a plain white t-shirt.  A plain white t-shirt I can get at Wal-Mart for $3.\n\nI just don't get it.
We arrived at around 12:30pm and the wait was about 15mins. There Lunch Specials are pretty cheap, $8.95 for an entree which came with salad and miso soup. We also had the Yellowtail Yuzu Soy, the Ume Scallop and the Sunny Salmon Roll. Everything was really good.
Wendi our driver was great and showed up on time and made sure we were well taken care of. All details were confirmed by her in advance and I felt she made sure to keep in touch throughout the evening as to where she would be picking us up at the concert. I would definitely use them again!
This place is comparable to Buca di Beppo.\n\nDefinitely for the masses.
What a great Sunday lunch! On our way through on i15 and it was very convenient off the freeway. The pho and bun were both amazing. Not even going to bother finding other vietnamese places when we are back in town the next few months. Make sure you grab a thai iced tea as well.
So disappointed with our entire experience.  A party of 10, we picked the place for the view. On top of the Palms hotel.  The curtains were closed! They said they were not working! All of our 10 entrees were awful!  I would never recommend this establishment to anyone.
Average and quite pricey for a froyo. There a tons of new froyo that opens up around where I live and usually averages about $0.35/ounces. \n\nOn the other note, friendly staff and very clean place.
Discriminates against Men. $30 for guys, $20 for ladies.
This is the place to be if you are looking for a casual place to go to where you can grab some drinks and dance. The dress code is really easy compared to the other bars and clubs in old town. Place gets pretty packed most of the time and usually  has a long line. Overall great kick back environment with different types of music.
Poor customer service.  They don't seem to care about their customers, from doormen to management.   I was excited to get some real night life in Mesa, but this was just a disappointment.
Trashy, even for a dive bar. Service was terrible wish it was better. The only shining point was that the nacho's were good.
I would give this place zero starts if I could. Bartenders are assholes. What's it about the local shit? Please that's bs!!!
I had a great experience today. This was my shitzu 2nd time at the groomers. He did very good and was looking so cute when I picked him up! Will definitely be back! \nThanks ladies you did a great job!!--jax \"jojo\"
Went thru the drive thru at dinnertime.  Was fast and efficient.  Dallas assisted me by making a suggestion when I asked a question on which \"Go Cup\" I should order. I went with his suggestion and went with the 2 chicken strips and wedges. Excellent value for $2.99 . Will definitely be back.
A large room that could use some updating. The hotel isn't bad for the price. If your going to stay here make sure it's a good deal for the price they add on in the resort fee there is better options.
So sad the food is not the same as it used to be. I came back here several times for the awesome greek salad now it sucks. And the garlic fries are horrible too. Basically it's just now overpriced bar food.
I have experienced a LOT better than this, and a lot cheaper too. Our food was lukewarm and lacking in meat, especially for the price paid. I'd avoid like the plague, to be honest.
This restaurant microwaves all the dishes in plastic wrap which has been known to cause cancer.\nI would stay away.\nThe owners also do not like Americans, just Turkish people.
Over rated! Nasty dirty!  seafood is not fresh. The counters are dirty. It's better quality seafood at Rio carnival. you pay less  and the counters are maintained.
My wife and I have had shirts that have been ruined by this store and their policy to replace and credit for damaged item is ridicules.  There are other options with locally owned companies we will go to....you should be forewarned!
Taking away stars from this place. They no longer serve dim sum daily. They now have a buffet that for the most part is rather bland and the presentation is so unappetizing. At least make it look good enough to eat. Dim sum comes out over cooked as if it was just reheated.
I was skeptical about going to a typical pizza shop during a food tour in Bloomfield, but boy was I wrong. This pizza is really good and you can tell that they do not pick the cheap ingredients off of the shelf. The dough was perfect (cooked well, but kinda doughy) and the cheese was excellent.
My wife and I tried this today. She had a burger and I had the chicken breast sandwich. Both were just ok, nothing special. We have had better sandwiches at the celebrity burger places on the strip that were less expensive. With so many places to eat in Las Vegas, this will be the one and only stop here.
VERY nice store! More helpful and knowledgeable than most stores.
Oh my god! Really? Is this what Pittsburgh considers their best sandwich? The pittsburgher?! I've had 47 sandwiches better than this.
i don't know what's so special about this place.  but to tell you the truth, i didn't even get any of the drinks there.  it was way overpriced.  the food was okay and the service was okay.\n\nthe decor was cool, but that was about it.
Dr Hair and his staff were excellent when I needed a quick emergency procedure.  Even though I was visiting from Cal. they quickly took me in and gave me the utmost professional care with clean, precise and quick dental work.  They are very high tech and very solid professionals.
The food was ok but tricky advertising.\nThe sign out side says in small letters salmon and then %50 off sushi in big letters.  You think everything is %50 off it's only order of salmon sushi.  Vary tricky advertising.  So we won't go back!
Worst Mexican food ever. Greasy, no taste, just plain awful. I think I would rather eat Taco Bell.
my favorite place great food and drink the music could be better but I LOVE this place
What a joke! The Dr. told me to go to the hospital for a condition that could be easily treatable with some pills. Waste of time and money
It was decent. I came here expecting great but the service was a bit off and the food just above average. You can definitely tell they use lower grade steaks than the original Mastro's. Kind of like Dominick's. Good but something missing. Not gonna displace City Hall for me..
Chili relleno burrito is a go. Bacon, egg, cheese and potatoe burrito is a weekly must have
Authentic New Orleans flavor and great family atmosphere.  Not pricey, and the portions are huge.  The fish is fresh, and the service is friendly.  Live music some nights.
Hipster bbq joint. Anyone who knows and loves true barbeque....this is not your place.
I've gotten kicked out of here and I still love it!
As authentic as Korean food can get. Great value and very nice and courteous staff. If you order two items from their BBQ menu you get to grill the items right at your table.
The food is yummy and the staff is super-nice! There are so many reasions that Tammy Coe Cakes is becoming a beloved part of Phoenix.
The only good thing were the fries.  I had the chopped salad and it was gross. The service was bad too. Took 30 minutes to get our check after it was clear that our plates were somewhat done.
My wife loves this place and they are very professional and kind (something rare in Vegas) every single time. They are understanding of kids and took care of my daughters pedi and mani for $10, furthermore gentleman wouldn't take our tip for hooking our daughter up. Perfect local salon.
Really really good food. All the meats are so flavorful. Got the chicken tinga wet burrito which was HUGE and amazing! Very friendly staff, Will def be back. They do have a check in special as well.
if you drink wine this is not the place to go . All four bottles I purchased were heated or in beer words Skunked I did notice tasty liquors were very cheapo will NEVER buy wine from this place
Awesome experience here. Chocolate chip pancakes were great, homemade muffin fantastic and amazing service. Waitress offered to grab us to-go drinks and food was out within 10 minutes of ordering (even with the restaurant full). Great dinner feel and exceptional service. Highly recommend.
Terrible in every way, worse place I have eaten in recent memory and it is expensive.  This must be a front to launder money because I don't know how else they stay in business.
Walked in and I was greatly by their friendly stAff. It is a very clean staff and Dr.Roach gave us a personal tour. He is great with my Rottweiler. She loved him and I was impressed...I recommend this place to everyone..
Solid shop for a haircut. I've been going there for a few months now since switching from my old spot in Oakland. It's barely a two minute walk from my front door. Adam does a great job and responds really well to feedback. Relaxed atmosphere and good music. Highly recommend giving it a shot.
Really good place to enjoy tacos. It's was a little confusing on where to go when you walk in especially if you never been, but the food was great and the corn on the cob was best it's a must try !
Such a great place! My 2 year old was so excited to see the lions! We will make frequent trips!
Great place to stop and eat or for a drink. Only downfall is the lack of tables.
We met Chris Bianco at the bar. Great food! Chuck pours generous glass of wine and an attentive wait staff too.
This is a decent-size neighborhood pub with a good, comfortable atmosphere.  The staff when friends and I visited was friendly in general, but extremely inattentive when it came to service.
Flavorless, tasteless & overpriced. Service is marginal food even less then marginal. Good if you like things covered in cheese. BTW the charge you if you want more chips.
After an hour wait I was expecting something fantastic and no such luck. Food was decent but nothing worth returning for. An huge letdown.
A great, no frills, clean, cheap, free coffee place to stay. Newly renovated. Great location in downtown Phoenix. We were in room 217.
The new store is obviously an improvement over the old one, but it is still a bit wonky. The parking lot is tight, the store layout is confusing, and the prices are higher than other HT stores. Although, the service was quite friendly and I didn't have to wait in line ... on a weekend.
Excellent food fast and nice reminds me of NYC diners
Extremely helpful and positive staff. Did an online order for pickup and then did some miscellaneous shopping.  Special thanks to Tracie at the customer service desk who directed us away from and to items that were better suited for the job we were doing.
Bravo Zulu, on time, text friendly, emailed receipt, highly recommend!
Service was wonderful.  Phad Thai not that great.
Good selection of beer, nice waitresses and challenging but very fun \"live\" trivia on Thursdays at 7p.m. We go with a group... good times!  Only suggestion would be for them to expand their appetizer menu.
Highly recommend this place for amazing juice and food options! The staff is friendly and always willing to give samples to get a sense of taste for their menu. The Jump Start is my favorite juice!
Love this place. The atmosphere is so nice and relaxing. I love the outdoor seating with the lighting in the trees. The food is very good, though honestly I've had better brick oven pizza. Appetizers are excellent. Desserts are fantastic and come in large portions. I mostly come for the environment though!
Elevation is a wonderful church! The music is top notch and rockin, and the messages are simple, to the point, and from the heart. The atmosphere makes God alive and fun and real. Its nice to not feel like I'm fighting sleep when in church.
This Fry's has been recently remodeled. How gorgeous! It's bright, clean and beautiful and looks well staffed!
Got a gift card here so i thought i would check it out.  Service was good, appetizers were good, BUT the main course was really laking in taste.  If I do ever go back i'll just stick to the calamari.
Food is good.Nice atmosphere right on canal and friendly servers made it a nice experience. Great place to meet after work or night out.
I have now been here twice since I moved up from Tucson. The staff here is always warm and inviting; and the food is fantastic! The carnitas with green chili is amazing and the best this side of New Mexico!
Not as good as I remembered. Sent the food back as it tasted off. Pies seemed a bit odd too. Frozen and defrosted? Texture wasnt quite right.
Only one experience,  Went Sunday evening, service was OK, no personality, no \"specials\", ordered a glass of wine and given about half of a cup in glass. I had the 3 sauce manacotti,  my partner had the shrimp lemon linguine. Hoping next time will be better.
I stopped in for a 6 inch club to bring to work. No wait- no complaints. I'll be back.
Very delicious!!! Love Asian food and nice to have a tapas place to sample multiple dishes.
I've been here several times and have been disappointed each time. The service is good, the atmosphere lovely but the food is below average especially when you consider the price.
Went in at 2 to get a slice and soda they don't have any pepperoni ready so I waited no problem. So I got my drink and sat down to wait 5 minutes or so later they brought my pizza out and it's undercooked. Worst slice I have ever had. Will not be going back.
I wouldnt give them one star if possible. The sales  associate that \"helped\" us exhibited terrible customer service skills, mispronounced ingredients in one of the products and continuously talked about how she has lost 230 lbs. She was not very helpful and overall uninformed.
The cappuccino was perfect. The atmosphere is lovely.  The piano is a nice touch -- there was a talented pianist when I was here (although I would be concerned about too many kids playing chopsticks).  Relaxing, decor is very homey.  And love the abundance of puppies.
Expensive.  Problem with this place is that a guy with SUPER greasy hands took my keys and my got in my car.... yup, you guessed it, grease all over my door handle, shifter, steering wheel, car keys... just disgusting.  Will NEVER go back...!
First time, and I was really looking forward eating here. We sat on the patio. Service was extremely slow, appetizers were not even warm. We waited over 30 min for our entrees, and they were not warm at all, but aour server, Adriana was never available to make it right. Will not go back!
Well.  Based on the great reviews I walked a mile over here from my hotel.  And it was a whole lot of CLOSED.  Sunday night at 8:20.  Not sure what the deal is.  So.  Be warned!!
Came here for happy hour, the food was ok, asked the bar tender about the free drink with any purchase offer on yelp. He didn't even know about it, and didn't give me an answer neither....
I disagree with Darren a little. The shrimp jammers were very good and I liked my Pulled Pork sammich. The service wasn't that great, though, but that would be my only complaint.
This place started out being great, but it seems that every time I go there the food gets more expensive and the margaritas get weaker. It's a really popular place but I am not on the bandwagon.
Came here for lunch, off the strip, not too many people. All the food was good, u can't go wrong, servers nice, drinks were good, mojitos and sangria good. Good solid 4.
Such a sad day I drove over to get my favorite food and saw a sign in the website they are no longer open except for catering :(
Spent 3 nights with NO HOT WATER & NO help from the staff!! Horrible service! I would NEVER come back or recommend Bally's Las Vegas!!
Had this place for lunch today. It was a little busy. Nothing to spectacular about the place. Had the pho. It was ok, about the norm for Arizona. Prices were about right. I'd say this place is average.
This location has serious wait staff issues.  They all hang around the counter talking with each other rather than taking care of their customers.
Best brunch place in Las Vegas!!  Food is always tasty and I have tried almost everything on the menu. Service is great - always friendly and happy to help. This is a must go to restaurant!
This was my go to Chinese place in Charlotte.  As others have said, it's quick and inexpensive.  And don't forget tasty!!
Awesome sushi!! Was on vacation and google sushi, RA sushi came up so my lady and I drove 20+ min and it was absolutely worth the drive.\n\nI will recommend this restaurant to anyone who asks or needs a great sushi place!\n\nBravo!!!
Great customer service, great food at a great price.
Great bun (\"dry bowl\"), seems fairly healthy but mostly I like it for the flavorful beef slices.  Also the spring rolls and sauce are great.  Can be a bit loud inside and a line of people at popular dinner times.
The ladies working there are so rude, they don't even bother to smile at you. & they're prices are pretty pricy. I won't be coming here again!
Pretty good
This place is fantastic! If you are part of the neighborhood please support it regularly, great food and great service. Their sunday brunch is the best! Charlotte needs more places like this!
Great little place good food. Nice peps
Had some banh mi, and it was pretty yummy.  Not my concept of authentic, but quite good.
As good as it gets when it comes to burgers. The ambiance sucks though.
finally found a dish i like a bws.  i get the honey mustard salad which is tasty.  since my husband is a fan of bws i'll be back.
Friendly? Yes. Fast? Never. Billing is always messed up. Drugs are never ready when promised.  So frustrating to deal with. I would much rather deal with the other compounding pharmacy that doesn't make me waste so much of my time.
Great-tasting food that caused both my wife and I to get sick later. Horrible waitress and manager. We won't be going back... ever!
I loved this place, awesome atmosphere and the service was great. The sushi was fresh and they had a good selection.
Rough looking neighborhood, odd order taking arrangement, side order mix-ups but tasty BBQ, \"homey\" hospitality and lower prices makes this a real find. Far from classy but some of the best ribs, chicken, fried okra and kick'in beans a person can eat!
Great authentic home style cooking. Fresh warm tortillas. Service with a smile and a great clean, bright atmosphere.
I am going to bump this up because of the fact that Westin got back to me after my reviews and addressed the problem by refunding me. \nAs I said before, Westin/Starwood has been my go-to hotel for my travels, and now I think I can give it another shot.
Delicious and authentic... We had a great lunch though came out like $20 per person. 4 soups, jap chae, bulgogi and kalbi.
I will never bring my stuff here again!! They send their stuff out to clean so they TAKE NO REPONSIBILITY FOR ANY DAMAGE DONE TO YOUR CLOTHES.  If you care about the things you buy I would go somewhere else
I went to this location yesterday and I was very disappointed. The lady at the drive thru was very rude.
Worst bacon egg and cheese bagel i ever had
I have always loved everything I have ever eaten at Nothing But Noodles. However, the last time I ordered the pear spinach salad and the pears where hard and tasteless. All around, though, I really love it here. I will definitely continue to eat here! I love the Caribbean black tea!!
It was Interesting... and decent... but I should of saved my money... I watched Guy give this place raves on TV... I am not sure it's all that... but over all interesting food that was good. :-)
Pretty nice. Though this Quaker Steak didn't have waiters...very different atmosphere than most!
Waited over 30 minutes for our food. Was it worth it? Nope. Food didn't have any taste I had to season myself.  I don't think I wanna come back again. Poor server was really nice. But What's up with the kitchen? What a shame.
The waitress took too long to serve us & the food was mediocre at best. I had a crepe but it tasted just like a regular omelette.
This is for the casino only. We played here after dinner while waiting for the band to start in the lounge. It's a very nice casino with lots of space, a good variety of machines and some table games. Service was very quick, we always had a drink in hand. Over all a nice atmosphere.
Bought a safe here from these guys  awhile back and had problems with it recently  .  Called and found out they shut down.  WTF!
Will never eat here again. First of all, terrible customer service. Staff was rude and unhelpful. Secondly, it was the worst veggie burrito i've ever had in my life :( I was super hungry, really excited to eat it and extremely disappointed.
Everytime I come in, it nothing but exceptional service. They even helped me load a toolbox in my civic!
Don't go here if you have kids.  They won't allow kids in their restaurant because they have a brewery on site.  State law.  Everything else is legal in nevada except this.
Their entrees lacked flavor that I sampled and had more grease than anticipated. Que lastima!
Delicious! Some of the best bbq I've had and I kinda consider myself a meat aficionado. Very fresh and high quality. French fries are delicious.
The falafel here is good.  The guy who served me did not wear gloves to prep my good which grossed me out a bit but the hummus was good and falafel fresh so yeah. I guess just try not to think about it because I'm sure this happens more than not...
This place is awesome. Everytime I eat there the food is perfect. They are always polite, fast service, great food. The baklava is AWESOME! The gyro...perfect. This family place is becoming a regular spot for me. I highly recommended it.
A wonderful stay. Attentive service with going beyond the expected. Delivered champagne at no charge, drawn bubble bath with rose petals and strawberries, club lounge and amazing amenities. The Octallio within the Biltmore was an amazing experience.
I am so relaxed it was awesome .... go for the $30 special full body... they were professional and efficient. ..will be coming back ..
It is hidden so just remember it's on the North-West corner of Estrella and Roosevelt.\n\nA run of the mill Baskin-Robbins, but the furniture needs to be replaced/fixed badly.  Of course this doesn't matter if you take it home with you.
Tasty food, well worth for the price. We were visiting Montreal 4 two days from Washington DC. Both nights eat here. No regrets.
Loved the stadium recliner seats - this is a super KID-friendly area and the theatre was packed with the wee ones. Good if you're in the parent zone, but if you're not....
I love the idea of cooking your own meat.
The worst experience ever. Never leave any of your belongings in the property. No survelliance camera at all. Either one of employees or customer went through my stuffs and stole cash. Leave all your belongings in car and lock.
I take all my out of town friends here. It's great!! It's a best a an hour or two visit but it's along a great road full of other stuff. Weekends they have gun fights! It's very cute, all age fun and beautiful views!
Reviews are pretty much right on. Stiff drinks, good prices for happy hour. Appetizers are pretty much canned salsa and cheap tortilla chips, served on Plastic plates. On par with what Dennys would serve if they were a mexican joint.
So, we ordered 6 pizzas tonight for my son's b-day party. They got 2 pizzas wrong. We went back to complain and got attitude from them and no apologies.\nAre we ever going back? Nope.
Waited over an hour for delivery, and guy shows up without the coke that was also ordered and paid for. Stated place was closed, and he was sorry....No contact info available on webpage. \n\nBuyer beware.
Atmosphere is like I'm at a Mexican/Chinese/Jamaican restaurant..... cuisine could be better.
THE WORST CLUB EVER IN VEGAS!!! the crowd was filled with middle aged people and the music they played i couldn't dance to or get into smh. The drinks and watching the crowd that couldn't dance made the experience more enjoyable.
Start of our adventure on 2/4/13 at 8. No bottled water, no ice, no mushrooms, lack of attentive service, 30 minutes and still waiting. How are you even in business ? I honestly think fire the owner, or change out managment.
Staff here is extremely friendly. Starbucks inside is great to get before shopping. Better than most Targets I have been to.
Food is average but you can't beat the people watching. Make sure you get a table on the patio close to the rail.
Haven't had burger King for years and they have hands down the best eggs for a fast food.
Interesting and well executed cuisine. Service was above average.
Worst fucking club ever. Very rude security and strict.  Overpriced and shitty because it's way to crowed to move. Overall not worth the time and money.
really authentic Thai food and nice service. I really like this place a lot
The staff is super helpful and friendly. The produce is first rate. I buy organic and I love their stuff. They have alot of sales. I also buy the rotisserie chicken, which is excellent. Great!
Ah Dunkin Baskin... Donuts and ice cream under the same roof. Diabetes through the door. It can be a pain in the butt to get to though if you are heading south on South.\n\nService is always efficient and friendly! They get the job done.
Just ate at this place and found insects in our food. The GM barely cared and told us it's not a big deal, it's just a bug. Do your self a favor and don't eat here.
Love the new place! Food is some of the best around here. Mushroom swiss burger - expect real mushrooms and not thinly sliced, great burger. The wings are tasty. My daughter loves the steak bites on the kids menu.\nGreat beer on tap, probably over 40 TV's.
Always a sandwich GO TO!! located in the miracle mile shops.. right next to a casino, perfect ;)!!
The pizza is mediocre at best.  I've been here a couple times for the UFC fights and have tried a couple of their pizzas.  As I said, mediocre at best.  I have also tried their calzones.  That was just a greasy disaster...
Love the store, the employees are very nice and polite and helpful. There meat & fish dept is great and tastes good. the only problem I have is there high prices other than that I love going there.
Solid.  Tons of flavorful meat and very good tatziki sauce adorn a nice fresh, warm pita.  A gyro with fries and fountain drink runs $7.25 and it's worth every penny.
Great hot dogs! I had the Chicago dog and my wife had the chili cheese dog, both were great! The fries were also good. The employees were friendly and the service was fast. The place was clean and in good order as well. Give it a try!
I like the owner, we race each other regularly. Always has what I need in a pinch, and is the  closest to hendertucky.
Great selection of punk, hardcore, metal, hardcore punk metal, classic rock, rock n roll, classic rock n roll, and new releases.
Not the finest Korean food I've ever had but certainly quite good! Homemade and down to earth. More like something you would get t a friend's house.  Other reviewers seem unnecessarily critical. Sure, it's not dinner at the Ritz but it's still pretty darn good!
Chicken was dry and salty!!!!!!!!!!!!!! There is nothing else to say. I can't beleive people give this place five stars. They must be drunk!!!!!!!!!
I love this place. I can either come here with a group of friends or my daughter and family.  I really recommend their tc sliders with cheddar cheese and parm garlic fries!
Soooo good! Love the Thousand Beans, its definitely one of my absolute favs. \nGlad this location opened! Service is always great.
Bar none the best quality pizza I have ever had.  They use the freshest ingredients for the pie and their toppings.every once in a while they over cook the pizza but it is still awesome.  You cannot go back to papa johns or Pizza Hut after trying their pizza.
good...but not Great!
Decent if you get LE pricing. Insanely overpriced if you don't.
Best quesadillas ever. The fruit drinks are very fresh. This is my most visited restaurant in Las Vegas. Definitely 5 stars for me.
Hands down the BEST DENTIST EVER! The staff is friendly & prices are reasonable, I don't know what Alyssa is talking about in the comment below. Over all they are amazing!
Definitely divey but whatever.  Its cheap, fast, good and open late.  No place for me to get gyu-don after 4am so this place works just fine.
I love this place! They have fresh tuna and salmon. The sushi are absolutely great but just not authentic. They have been Americanized, which are still tasty. It is a good place to hangout with friends and listen to Asian songs!
Moderate service {with an attitude}, bland food {the chili resembled \"Sloppy Joe\"}; Nice Wild West aesthetics with photos of various gunslingers and period decor.
My co worker and me use Yelp for a resource to find great food. We found this little nugget and I have to highly recommend. The ambience is excellent and the server was very nice and super friendly. \n All of the food we ordered was delicious. \nMy favorite was the Cha Da Wild Lamb.
The maids are terrible. They can't clean anything. don't waste your money.
The drinks are humongous (not a good thing), and the food is mediocre. I guess it's a slight step up from fast food, but for the price it isn't worth the trip.
Amazing gourmet tacos at non-gourmet price. Great patio and service. Beer selection limited but cool breweries. Definitely coming back.
Love their pizza bowls (pizza without the crust)!
Great butter chicken! Great location and very clean. Plus the suns game was on. Love this place
Addicted to Majestic Lions! Jackpot!
Do NOT eat here my husband got food poisoning.\nMy husband went to ceasar's and had lunch at Plant Hollywood he ordered a turkey sandwich with fries sounds harmless, well later that day he got the worst case of food poisoning that landed him at the ER.
Lola's has delivered pretty good food for some time, it's a nice change of pace for uptown that I often forget about, but they have really good veggies(especially the homemade dressing), fried/baked chicken and fish, everything is seasoned nicely....you can dine in or carry out.
Big portions of food but very loud and crowded. I can barely have a conversation here!\n\nVery dimly lit, i would say this place would not be ideal for a date but more like a drunken gathering with lots of margaritas!
Never have been treated so bad in a restaurant in my life!!!
I stopped here for lunch and the service was fast and friendly.  The food was fresh and wasn't greasy.  Overall, I was pleased with this place and will be back again.
It had been a while since eating at El Bravo....and I am glad to put it back in my 'good places to eat' list.  Great food.  Go check it out.  Oh, and they make their tortillas in house!  Yumm!
With  the new management the foods were so much better,their fried rice was amazing, I normally never order fried rice at chinese restaurant.the portion was big specially the soup, definetely will be back..
Pretty damn good BBQ.  The cornbread that comes before the meal is also delicious.  I like that it is closer to where I live, because I usually have to drive further to get to a decent restaurant.
Oh soo many microbrews to taste! Small pitchers, traditionally warmer than your domestics.  The meat & cheese plate is a great app-yucca chips too!  Go when the weather is nice & hang on their back patio. Cheers!
Atmosphere and service were great; however the food was just average. \n\nLobster carbonara tasted like what you would expect from the Olive Garden.\nItalian sausage flat bread was ok as well.\n\nThere are plenty of other restaurants in Vegas that I would try again.
downtown tattoo ROCKS!!!! got a new tattoo from Cameron and it is AWESOME. get down here to see these guys if you want some bitchen art work. if you want crappy tattoos don't go here! LOL
Excellent place, highly recommended! Great service and food
I got possibly the best manicure of my entire life here.\nI don't remember the girls' name, but she is currently apprenticing.\nThis place is clean, new-feeling, friendly, and they definitely take their time.
My boyfriend and I love H&R.  Their carpaccio is insane!  I love their classic drinks too.  We get the steak with chimichuri!  We have had the same waitress twice Xia, who is gorgeous and friendly.  We go back when we can and usually order the same things.  :-)
load up on fresh fruits and veggies here.\n\ntheir seafood is cheap and good!\n\ntry their aqua frescas for refreshment during the hot summer!
Terrible customer service, terrible job on eyelashes..DO NOT GO HERE! She burned me with lash remover and constantly uses remover and glue in the same appointment which is NEVER recommended. Lashes look like fake strips, they clump, are hard, and only last about 10 days.
SLOW AS FUCK. Don't come here unless you are not hungry. Food takes forever. Great place if you want to drink beer and watch TV and not eat
This place is neat idea to take kids.  My kids absolutely love it!  They beg me to go each time we drive by. I like the cool black lights they have with the mini golf... Kinda neat twist :)
Stayed here one time when traveling for business.  Clean, friendly and new.  Highly recommend if you do not want a damn casino hotel.
While the place itself is relatively small and kind of a hike from Pitt's campus it is definitely the best pizza in Oakland. Reasonable priced, fast service, good food, what more could you ask for? Also no, don't bother asking for delivery.
I went here on Sunday (5/6) with my family. This place got 5 stars because of the really cute host they have working there...otherwise 3 stars. lol.\n\nFood was good as well.
Not particularly attentive staff, poorly cooked red snapper (batter like concrete), slow turnaround between order & service. Won't be back.
Hash house a go go is a terrible place. The prices are high and the food and the service sucks. It's awful and overrated. All the food is fattening and garbage!!!
Server aren't professional at all. Good authentic Ethiopian food. Horrible service. No thank u. I can make it @ home.
After waiting 45 minutes for an order of chorizo eggs and a green chili burrito I told my friend let's leave. There were only a dozen or two dozen people there at least 10 people working behind the counter in the kitchen and they can't get the orders out. Place sucks
Great place for a nice meal , food is generally very good quality but can be a bit slow at times but given it's location can't complain. Can get very busy with people waiting on tables to be vacated but overal great food , only flaw was no draught lager when i was there. Has good lunchtime deals on meals.
Anthony was a professional.  I was concerned about choosing the right carpet cleaning company. This is the right one. Clean, neat and complete. Great value with no worries.  Thank you Turbo Clean!
A friend of mine took me here and now I can't stop thinking about it. I went crazy with about 4-5 flavors in one cup the first day, but am finding out my favorites. Very yummy and affordable!
Below average Mexican at exhorbitant prices. The beer came in a plastic cup. The only thing worthwhile was sitting outside overlooking the strip.
I hated my pizza. Would not go back
I had the chicken tacos. They were really bland. So were the beans. For 2 soft tacos with rice and beans and a drink, cost me $11. I would have rather gone to Chipotle.
Great store, very bright and well organized.  The products are just amazing and the staff is very knowledgeable and helpful.  Love the cooking demos they do and the fact that I'm always greeted with a warm welcome.
I went to Buffet at Asia on at 3:30pm dinner realize that dinner starts at 4:00pm, I only paid for lunch, the waitresses come to my table at least 8 times to see if I was eating any crab legs, however never offered me a refill on my drink...Poor service.
This place was great! I was a little bit let down by the Chicago hot dog as it had too much mustard. That said, however, I was really excited by the beer selection and the neon green relish. If you're looking for a chill meal, this is a great place to check out!
Finally got to try a gyro here and boy is it delicious!!!! Their Greek salad, fatoush and thyme wrap are all so delicious as well. Can't wait for my next cheat day!
Had a wonderful experience today at The Wine Store! The employees are extremely friendly and welcoming. They are eager to help you find what you are looking for, very knowledgable, and you can tell they love what they do. I will definitely be coming back and will recommend to friends.
I went there at 3am? with my friends -  we ordered a pasta (i can't remember the name...) but it was delicious! Our server was super nice and friendly!
The front-line staff is always very friendly, but the service remains painfully slow.
Theyre hours and plans are great.... it's worth the lil bit of money you'll spend, trust me
Service Is Good. Sometimes they take long, nevertheless there alright.
I had exceptionally poor service during my visit. It took over 90 minutes to finish a three course meal because the food was prepared slowly and our waiter was not accessible. When I got my courses, the food was not hit, which makes me believe that the waiter did not check on my order. I expected so much more than this.
Good and honest. Kevin works fast and is able to diagnose the problem right away. Very honest with everything without trying to persuade me to get new tires. Great service.
no refills on coffee, WTF
Great for breakfast.  Good selection of items for everyone.  Fresh and hot items too.  For about $20 pp, it's a better deal than buying from the hotel cafe market where a breakfast sandwich is already $14.
If you get the chance to have Chris do your pedicure you are in for a treat!  I can't wait for my next one with him!\n\nAnd no words can explain the finesse of Johnny for gels. A perfectionist all the way. \n\nThank you!
Service at this location during lunch hour is really slow....not good for the working individual that has only an hour for lunch!  But food is still good
Good food bad service.
As too often service slow.  Waiting for brunch it took a long time to get coffee and it arrived lukewarm!!!!  Always understaffed!!!
Cool place, cool music, good drinks (and reasonable).
The salmon sashimi was fresh and pretty tasty. Chinese food is overpriced, but decent.
Had the Caribbean coconut tofu...totally bland and unseasoned! I was really hoping for great vegetarian food and will probably not be back!
Scarpetta was so amazing and the spaghetti was as good as everyone says.  Great service and atmosphere. Highly recommend!
I must have ordered the wrong thing for breakfast.  I had a typical breakfast dish with eggs and bread and there was nothing to rave about.  There was a large selection to choose from, but nothing to say wow!
I've been going to this place for about a month now and it consistanly great! I believe it is family run, and they know EVERYTHING about the meats in their shop. Service is fast and friendly. Support small biz!!!!
It was just ok.  4 stars for variety and appearance.  Dessert collection is great.  Omelette line long as ever!  Yogurt, sushi, angry Mac and cheese, and kale salad was the best.  Oh and expensive, make sure you go hungry for the brunch buffet, get your money worth!
David is amazing. He does my hair to perfection and I always get compliments. Davis also does my husband's hair - which is not an easy task! He does a great job, knows what he's doing and I trust him completely. Great job, David!
this place was fast and yummy! great choice for lunch!! thank you lunch break!
As usual we were not disappointed.  We took my niece and her roommate  out for dinner.  My wife and the girls had the ravioli while i went with the bolognese.  The service was fast and in no time at all we had our food.  We have always been pleased with the food.
Great show. Divers who are far too good to stoop down to the Olympic level work here. Amazing water effects. Freaky acrobats. A really good time. You will get a bit wet if you are in the first couple of rows.
The delived plant bowl did not resemble the picture on the website.  The plants were looking very sickly and it made the arrangement look cheep and unattractive.  I can't believe they would send this out.   It is embarrassing to know that something like that arrived.. looked like a small child put it together.
Very rude front desk clerk. Have a smoking room when I requested a non smoking room. Will not be coming back to this one.
I totally LOVE this place. Every time we have been here, the employees have been incredibly nice, helpful, and knowledgable. Their selection is awesome, too, and they have reasonable prices. We mainly come here for dog bones and toys, and we have never been disappointed! I highly recommend this store for their selection and friendly staff : )
Average W Hotel.
Great place with a beautiful atmosphere and great service. Try the silver noodle soup and follow it with some Pad Tai!
Not the best starbuck's location, but at least there is a drive-thru.
Always a great meal.  The menu changes seasonally, mostly, some of the classics don't change thankfully.  It is a very small dining room and books up quickly so call for a table in advance.  It is consistently good food and service.
Great service, hot sauce bar was very clean and the salsas were all fresh and taste great. Fast service....will come back again..
This is my new favorite sushi place in the Valley of the Sun. Great prices, fresh,  and awesome service.  Overall very happy.
hands down best tuna melt on freshly baked bread ever. cheap, fast, delsih! there's nothing like it.
Great place.  We had a lovely meal.   We had an extraordinary halibut dish.   I had chicken marsala.  Kids had lasagna and pasta carbonara. We also had calamari that was divine.   Service matched the food.   Why anyone would go to a chain restaurant with this jewel in Vegas? Beats me.   Just superb!
It's  so good
Stop fucking yelling at me! I already over payed for your mediocre burger.....could've gone to In N Out and been treated like an adult! Next to the singing at Johnny Rockets.....the worst business idea ever!
A massage envy is a massage envy. I would not trust your therapist or what goes on in the treatment rooms. I've heard of therapist working on clients while under the influence of alcohol. Do you really trust a massage therapist who is buzzed working on you? Yeah I know I wouldn't!!!
Horrible horrible service! This has been the third time here at restaurant and just very disappointed. The waiter was just bad!
Nice hotel with crappy wireless.  When traveling for work you need wifi and this place was bogged down every night to dial up speed, if you could even get onto the network.
The 2 elderly attendants are about as useful as a broken umbrella in an hurricane. bathrooms are gross.
Slow service, and the mee goring tasted literally like noodles in tomato sauce. definitely a miss.
They never disappoint. Solid place to go, never had a bad experience.
Food was good but expensive for the amount of food you get. No prices at all so you basically guessing. No soft drink just three kids of drinks and fridge with cold drinks. Overall not satisfied 30 bucks on two lunch meals and three pupusas. Too much oh and also no menus at all!!!!
I brought a suitcase in because the zipper had been damaged. They wanted to sell me a used suitcase instead of repairing mine.
Had the veggie tacos and fries. LOVED the fries! The tacos had a variety of veggies on them and they weren't bad, just very messy to eat. I would likely choose another place for tacos in the future, but may be persuaded to give this place another shot for the fries.
best mexican food,very authentic,,reasonable prices
Food is served in GIGANTIC portions, staff was very attentive. Food is ok, dont think I'd eat here again though, its way off the strip.
They always have my favorite soda Ramune in stock. The store is very easy to get around. Prices are just a little high, but hay it's inflation.
Danny the chef was awersom and very entertaining! The food was good but not great. The portions were small (vegetables mostly) but adequate. The filet was fab!
Best Breakfast in Phoenix!!!
I sure needed an easy button on this trip.
The food was fantastic, the pork was well seasoned and cooked perfectly.  The service left me wanting.  The server never came back, my drink was left empty, and we eventually had to get up and call him over to bring us the bill.
I know all about the e.coli outbreak, I was a victim of it stay farrrrr away from this place. I thought I was going to DIE
This is a decent eatery in the heart of old town Queen Creek. The place is spacious, and the service is fine. The food is good, not spectacular; the enchilada dinner I ordered here is comparable to Mi Patio's in Phoenix, though the latter serves bigger portions.
They charged a $20 convenience fee per day and provided mascara stained sheets, no in room coffee maker, an undersized pool (not enough seats for everyone), and weak restaurant options.  I'd recommend staying elsewhere on the strip for the price.
I LOVE the orange sherbet! A couple of reviewers have mentioned that the flavors are more sweet which is my preference for fro yo. I have never been into tart fro yo.
This is a really cool hang out spot - neat establishment and good vibes inside - however the food is not what I would expect based on the prices (very average and bland food for higher prices).
I really like DiBella's. The service and ordering system are both great. The sandwiches are very good and very fresh. I love their cookies too. DiBella's beats Subway hands down.
A true classic in Glendale. The food is consistently excellent. You can't beat a place that serves beer by the liter.
A nice, clean Hotel, perfect place to relax especially if you re travel ling with family. The staff are friendly and accommodating.
Not real BBQ...just over cooked meat.
It's all about the patio, the people/tourist-watching, and the cold beer. Wonderful Chambly Blanc on a perfect August afternoon...
nice people but the place is prettt run down. There were waterspots throughout the sleeping area and bathroom. The shower went hot to cold to hot repeatedly and I was concerned that there may be mold in the bathroom. Definitely not staying there again.
When it comes to price matching, I love shopping at Target.  The store has a great layout, and it very easy to find what you need.  Also, my wife loves her Target check card because she can save 5%.  Nice!
This place has tanked. They half fix something and mess up something else so you go back to them a few days later.  Avoid like the plague. Never again.
Great sushi!  Love to go during lunch for their Specials, made to order sushi menu.  Can't go wrong with the spicy tuna roll and the spring rolls are to die for!!!
Very bland soup.....and $5 for one iced tea. Won't be returning
Too greasy, and pizza sauce dripping.
Ordered food online. They failed to deliver 1 of the 5 combos we ordered. They use grubhub for orders and told us we had to take it up with grubhub and offered no resolution. It also took them 30 minutes longer to deliver than promised. Terrible service.
Unfortunately, I was underwhelmed with the flavor of the meat here.  Side dishes were pretty good. If you want a good smoke ring and flavorful meat I prefer Rudy's. However, if you're in downtown phx and don't want to travel to the 'burbs this place will do
Everytime I am in Vegas, this is one of must go restaurant.  Food is excellent!  Always a full house here.  be sure to call for reservation before you go.
True Louisiana cooking!\n\nStaff is helpful and if you have a question about a food they carry they give you a sample. \n\nDessert is a must and 2 people can easily share 1 plate.
I really love the guidance that Matthew gives me. He has been an enormous help!!! Thank you Matthew...I really appreciate you xoxo
Lemon chicken delicious.
Marissa I miss you! I use to go to this salon when I live din Scottsdale. Marissa was the best. She is young cute and hip, she will do your hair the best! GO see her.
a bunch of rude crooks! dont rent from this company unless you want a headache on your vacation. The las vegas location need to CLEAN HOUSE!
Not a fan, took my son here for lunch. Menu seems fairly limited and over priced. I've had better pizza at the larger chains.
Good food, bad service or actually no service.  We never saw the server after we ordered our food.  No water refills, wine that was ordered never arrived.  Also you have to get your clothes dry cleaned as the greasy smoke from the kitchen permeates the whole restaurant.
So sad, they closed this business.
Service was crap, sushi was blah. Too many better sushi places in town.
Overpaid dramatically for the terrible sandwich I received. Really bad sandwiches in this dump. I hate giving money to people who don't deserve it. Not good for the money. Not my thing. No sir I would not like another.
Top-notch mixology and great ambience. Highly recommend the Seoul - fried chicken.  The staff really knows their line of drinks.
Very nice course to play, the lake course is very short and only par 62! Great course to mess around with or for beginners. I have not yet play the palm course. So the rating can go up.
A little more expensive than I think warranted. Noodles were good, I forgot to ask to add veggies, and she didn't ask. :(
Totally authentic Italian food!!  The limo driver was fantastic and the Frank Sinatra singer was great.  We had a group of ten and were taken care of like we were family.  I had the veal piccata and was pleasantly surprised.  The cannoli was fantastic and my husband's birthday was celebrated by all!!!
Had reservations for brunch and we were not seated for 20mins. after our reservation.  Food was good but was not as great as everyone has told us.  I personally felt it was over priced for the quality and quantity provided.
Awful service, slow! Took 10 minutes for anyone to come to our table for a drink order.Servers standing around doing nothing. Burnt food, manager did comp my sandwich. But I will never come back.
It's the original Aurelio's recipe from Homewood being served in the valley.  Awesome pizza.
Barely average Mexican food at astronomical prices. Had the chicken enchilada with mole sauce. Fair but not exceptional.
Best prizza! All the toppings are delicious I've had the pineapple and Canadian bacon pizza and the sausage and onion pizza. Also the special wings are on point OMG.  I'd suggest getting the pizza well done, it's a lot tastier and the crust is a good crunch.
Not fancy but very cozy family feeling. Went out on a limb and got the Pesto and shrimp pizza ... Pretty delish. The customers was done perfectly and it was a thinner crust which I like. I would come back again :) it worth stopping in if your in the area
this has got to be the worst Mexican food in all Phoenix I was too lazy to get out of the car and go to amandos brothers a cross the street but that will never happen again.
This is a dive bar across the bridge from the stadium. Not the nicest place I've ever been to, but not the worst. They have decent mixers and beer selection. If you order a draft beer here they come in 2 sizes. Large is enormous and the regular is close to a pint glass.
I have to say its a good lunch spot and good pricing. Always busy and the Mac & Cheese is great!
I love the sandwiches but this place has THE slowest service ever. That's all I can say about it. I've been there a few times but I'm not patient enough to return.
Everything here is mediocre.\nBlah\n\nThe food is blah, the menu is a snore, the restaurant ambience is dark and boring\n\nMediocre all the way.
Place is pretty good, I havent had the food here, but some of the bouncers at the front are nasty, they say, \" you gotta hit me with something if you wanna go in\", even when they dont have a cover. The rating is exclusively for that.
The ceviche mixto is my favorite! All the sea food ingredients were so fresh and the taste was so good! The place is very clean and all the dishes were very appetizing! I'm so glad that this was the place we have chosen to celebrate my birthday!
You definitely get your money's worth..only $14. I in a hurry is say its worth it, but if you want a real massage and your nails to really get taken care of..I'd go somewhere else.
I have used Turn It On Electric for some projects around my home and have found them to be extremely honest, reliable and priced very fairly.  Highly recommend them to anyone
I got an almond milk tea and it was WAY too sweet. The prices are also pretty high.
simply said AMAZINGLY BEAUTIFUL.....
You will impress a gift recipient but not with great tasting cupcakes.\n\nMake sure you eat the cupcakes the same day/hour you receive them--the next day they will be unbearably dry and the frosting will be flavorless.
Great buffet!! Came here for lunch on Thursday at 3pm. Walked right in with no line. Everything was replenished and tasted great. I really liked their sushi and desserts. Of course, I ate way too much.
Agree with KM's review, used to be the best in Madison, but new owner/management and the food is different. The menu looks the same, but the food is different, just ok instead of great like it used to...
For french food, it was a regular food.. not bad and nothing out of the ordinary.
So delicious! I recommend getting two bc there's just that good and when they're busy there's a line!!
I saw the low yelp scores before I walked in and thought, \"c'mon, it's Einstein Bagels, give um a break how bad could it be\"?  They were right, ran out of plain, Sesame and everything bagels on a Saturday morning, need I say anymore?
Pretty damn good stuff. Probably best hot food in the Atwater market. The dudes there were edgy, which was offsettling and intriguing. I don't want to encourage it, but whatever. Keep it up fellas.
Thank you Shirlene and Rosemary for your exceptional service. They both went above and beyond to make me feel at home en route to my next destination! Food and beer were great! Don't forget to try the Arizona Gunslinger hot sauce. It was like nothing I had ever had before.\n\n\nMichael Scott
The food and especially tortillas are amazing!  I would never eat at the location, but a quick pickup for lunch (during daylight!) is perfect.\n\nThey are always cops there EATING so you know its good!
Like In-N-Out with peanuts everywhere. Only twice the price. But without the drive-thru or the paper hats.
Pretty good pizza and calzones.. They dont have a very large menu though, just pizza, calzones and salads.. It was good but I like thicker crust.. Will probably go back again.
The manager and wait staff offered us free appetizers and first round of drinks. This was a nice gesture to make up for the scheduling mistake. Food was good also.
Best. Cupcakes. Ever.\n\n\nThat is all.  Carry on.
Dr Nina is a great dentist.  My daughter just loves coming here and the dentist and her assistants are super friendly and cater great to children.  They have a toy basket that the kids get to pick a prize from after they get done with the appointment.  My daughter always looks forward to this.  Won't go anywhere else.
Wonderful espresso, Eric has it perfected.  The ham sandwich was @ cucumber salad were very tasty.  This place is a hidden gem.
Fantastic customer service and a very knowledgeable staff.  Dennis is a pro in every sense of the word. He and the entire Porter Roofing team are top notch. Great service at a very competitive price and has been in business forever, so you know he will stand behind his work. I would trust him with my grandmother's roof!
Razz having a scream fest with his daughter at the dinner counter did not add to our enjoyment on a previous visit.
Open 24/7... We usually come here earlier during the night but this time i just got off from work and was craving some vietnamese sandwiches... The service was very slow and they messed up on my order twice... Its a new lady that took my order... Was rude...
Skip the sandwiches and go with the Pasta.  The bread they use is toooooo salty.  Cute little place.
Ordered the roast pork menehune. Looked like TV dinner.  Not coming back. The Siamin was horrible.
Disinterested children work here 'supervised' by a woman in her 40's who is absolutely useless.
This place rocks!!   To be able to kick my feet up, drink my wine, have a blanket handy, and watch a movie was a great experience.  I only tried the dessert so maybe next time I'll try some of the pizzas.
Much quicker to go in and order than wait in your car.
Service was very slow even though the restaurant wasn't busy. Plus didn't get what we ordered. Avoid
I gave this place 1 star only because the food came out pretty quick. However it had no flavor the meat was tough and the potatoes were not cooked all the way.  I ordered the goat curry and I have had some pretty good goat curry in the past and this was NOT good.
Food is not very good and they never change up their menu or soup selection. Employees seem like they don't want to be there and there's a ton of gossip behind the bar for us to hear. Don't think I will ever step foot in there again. my experience wasn't so LUCKY
How horrible this place is!  They committed to doing a fund raiser for Cesar Chavez elementary school, school sent flyers, promoted them.... Then decided to not follow through because they ONLY support Arcadia High School.  Sad that a group of elementary school students had to miss out on their fund raising opportunity.
This review is specifically for Melanie's Zumba Class.\nThe class is the most fun I have ever had working out. Women are shaking their butts, the classes are always full and everyone is having a great time. If Melanie ever leaves, I will cancel my membership!
Love the hand crafted coffee. Delicious treat!
I wish I lived closer to be there more often.  Great food and great service.  Owner takes great pride in his business and buys quality ingredients.  Why patronize a chain when this is available!
Don't stay here if you want to sleep. There are freight trains running right next to the hotel. Additionally the trains pass  blowing their whistles throughout the night.
Over priced Timeshare.\n\nUnfortunately - I am one of the poor owners of this piece of crap. They charge terribly high maintenance fee and the exchange resorts are booked decades in advance. I wish we hadnt fallen to their sales pitch 10 years ago !
Yes, it has an extensive selection of wines (and 10 cent wine tasting), but they also have the widest selection of Scotch and Bourbon I have ever seen in one place, as well as an unbelievable number of beer choices. You can even make you own six-pack of beer.
Slow slow slow slow slow! No point in using the drive thru because you would have taken the same time parking and going inside. If you must go, great brownies and turkey sandwiches too!
Excellent!! I have never shopped at a better grocery store!\n\nPolite and pleasant employees- very helpful. You can tell the staff enjoys their job, overall. Very pleased with the selection of ethnic foods.
Move along. I nothing to see here. Just like any other theater.
I came across this place when I first moved to Vegas when I lived at Jones and Charleston.  The place is clean and the people there are always cool and there is a great magazine collection.  Best barbers I've ever had!   Priscilla knows the exact cut I want, so I keep going back.
Just had cocktails here.  Great for people watching.  Good stuff!
Fast food + chain. What's not to dislike.
Wow, spicy pork = Mexican shawerma incredible, best tacos I've ever had no competition.
This Albertsons is alright. There's always a cashier with jet black hair who literally looks like she's dying a little more with every customer she sees, but besides that it's a fine grocery store.
Show was awesome!! Really had a great time. Show was really funny!! Cant wait to go back again
Opened for a couple months then closed down!!! Scammed many people out of their Groupon. And now groupon has to lose money to refund everyone. Shame on this place. Couldn't even last a year and had to resort to scamming.
Visiting at the hospital across the street and decided to order some take out. The pork fried rice was very tasty, the beef and broccoli was very fresh and good, as was the combo chow mein. Service was very fast.
We really wanted to find good Pizza in Gold Canyon but....this is not it!!! Don't bother we just made an expensive mistake:-(
This place never seems to disappoint me. I'm always extremely satisfied on every visit. The food is great so as the service. It's a great family restaurant and caters crowd of every kind
Food was delicious ! Can't wait to eat here again !
Food was really good as always. But we realized this place decrease the portions of food and it's now changing fine dining prices. Well... I don't think the atmosphere and service deserves the price increase. Let me know if you ever come up with a 50% off offer and we might consider.
This place always has a long ass line. I don't understand it. I wish they could improve their service somehow.
I love the burrito breakfast!! Test like heaven!!
Very, very nice atmosphere.  Worth the drive from S. Phx to head west for really nice people to take such good care of me and make me feel like a pampered VIP.
Thanks for nothing. We make plans all week to watch the fights Saturday night, their website advertises the UFC starting at 8, I get in 3 hours beforehand to have the bartender tell me its private party only???\n\nWish I had checked yelp first...
Found fries in my breakfast burrito, my sons burrito had huge chunks of oily bacon very disappointed. Got my money back never gonna eat there again! Rather go to Taco Bell.
I bought a Groupon for a Gel manicure. Hands down, (pun intended!) this is the BEST French Gel manicure I've ever had!  The nail technician was meticulous about each nail and it really shows. I'm absolutely going back!
A great pizza tonight. I used to only eat slices here but tonight I had my two boys with me so we ordered a small pizza with cheese. It was awesome. Not too much cheese, crisp crust. Cooked just right. The guy behind the counter checked on us a few times. Service was great. Definitely going back.
We ordered two main dishes,it was like they double the salt for one and didn't put any for the other. They also forced a big tip without providing any service.
Love the staff here. Only issue is noise. Bars around make a lot of racket. Hallway noise is also an issue. They provide you with a set of ear plugs next to your bed though.
Worst dog park I've  been to in Phoenix. There is a dog fight here every time I walk by. People seen to think it's ok to bring their worst behaved dogs to this park and just let them go crazy. Absolutely will not bring my dog here if other dogs are around.
We were there Xmas eve for lunch, I'm pregnant and had a prosciutto sandwich craving, there was only one customer and us and they old us no sandwiches on Xmas eve!!! What??? Easy way to loose a customer :/
Elaine is by far the best!! Thanks for being great for 5 years and counting!! See you in 2 weeks!!
Only went there during happy hour. There was a great drink selection, but it was so crowded the service was not great.
We've been several times. Always great food and service.  Our bartender Scott was awesome and well informed. Love the Moon Juice!
Not what it is cracked up to be for the price.  $16 for fries burger with an egg and fried onions on it and a small soda.  The burger is small and so are the fries.  Very disappointing, I had high hopes after reading all the rave reviews.
Chicken and waffles were excellent. Perfect on a cold night.
Went for my Bday dinner. Nachos were good, margaritas strong. They gave me some chocolate cayenne pie, was amazing!
You'll miss breakfast if you're up too late with a 100oz drink from Fat Tuesday. Still pricey, and very similar to all the other buffets.
one of the worst buffets I ever had\nmoney better spent at home town buffet (which I don't even really care for)\nwould not ever go back even if it was free\n\nplease think twice about venturing out to their buffet
Had lunch here yesterday. The food was good, but the service was so-so. We were not given silverware or napkins till after the food was served, and we had to ask for them. The patio was great though! I could definitely see myself going there for a beer after work.
This was our first meal when we got to Vegas.  GREAT atmosphere, right by the canal.  Food was very very good - especially the crab cakes and the drinks!  Good service.  Loved the cilantro rice!
Walked by today and noticed the windows were covered with kraft paper. There were summons taped to the doors. By the looks of it the bank has forced them to cease operation and close the business.
Well the price was good but I was expecting more... Not to many options and I didn't like the food it had no taste to it. The waiter took for ever to serve us refills and I really thought the place was amazing but in reality it let me down.. :(
They have good drinks and their halo-halo is huge and inexpensive.  The only problem I have is that they take FOREVER to make anything--even when there is no one in there!  I think I waited almost 1/2 hour one time for my halo-halo.
Lauretta is great.  Not only is she sweet and personable, but she is also very educated when it comes to skin.  She also doesn't hesitate sharing the information with you to help you along your journey of obtaining great skin.  In just 2 treatments my melasma is looking so much better, all thanks to her!
Not a bad Starbucks, at this point everyone should know how these run and what they carry so I won't get into it.  Service is decent but unless you go real early expect to wait in line for awhile.
This place had good service and an excellent staff! There portions are considerably big given there middle if the road prices, and if its the drink u crave there shots are huge. Couple all of this with the really cute waiters and its a night of fun.
I Love Oregano's, but this specific location is terrible.  The food is not prepared as well as the other locations.  Very Very dissapointed
The food is great! I have had their tacos, burritos, and enchiladas. This is my go to place for tacos. My only complaint is the service. The girl at the register is always on her cell phone texting and then forgets part of my order.
Always enjoy eating here.  The Chef makes a good pizza.  If you like the pizza in southern Italy, you will love the pizza here.
The Bellagio is one of my favorite Vegas hotels!  It is in a great location on the Strip, beautiful flowers, amazing Chihuly glass, excellent restaurants and comfortable rooms.  The staff is beyond professional and my stay went off without a glitch.
Had country breakfast burrito this morning.  Only had about two tablespoons of eggs on it,  8 under cooked hash brown caps and meat and gravy.  Was not worth the $$ spent on it.
We live close by and go here a few times a month. The staff is always friendly and the food is always good. I hardly think ordering one thing and having it not turn out how you expect deserves rating only one star. My order has never been wrong and I tend to ask for alternative stuff:)
Delayed flights due to maintenance issues causes major inconvenience for people with connection flights and event schedules.  The person I was sitting next to missed a wedding because of Jet Blue delays.
I've never seen a serve yourself fro yo place. I was pleasantly surprised. They had a wide variety of flavors and toppings some of which were sugar free and fat free. Try it!
Sean seemed knowledgeable and did a nice job on the floor for a reasonable price.
We've used Aaron Schwamberg twice now in the last three years at First Option and he's done an amazing job. He put out fires that could've delayed our closing a few times and delivered more than promised.  We will definitely go back to First Option and Aaron again!!
NOT hilarious! what a waste of $$$ and time!
I always call for delivery when I want a quick fix. They deliver so quick! Their doner meat mix is really great. The greek salad is far from the best thought and the fries are very ordinary. So just go for the doner.
Service has been so bad here too many times for us to go back. Food was very good one time and bad another. Not giving them any more chances.
Should have checked the reviews first. This is a bad restaurant. First, they are inside Paris yet don't recognize status. But after sitting at table and ordering food I can't recommend at all. We asked for an extra plate since we were sharing rice- we never got it. The food is not good. Don't waste your time
alright now, poetry, wtf?  WHEN WHEN WHEN WHEN are you gonna reopen?
Carmen at the Terminal 4 Location has a bit of an attitude, took 10 minutes to make my two salads, and absolutely crushed all the apple chips in my figi apple chicken. I do not recommend this location, especially if she is working. Would be a more pleasant experience too if they had the same menu as other locations
Ribeye al conacac... The best ...!!
When staff, or friends come in, they should seat customers by them.
Well after looking at what else is in the area 24hr  does have the biggest selection of equipment and is always clean. So after talking with the gym Mgr I have come back..don't feel very comfortable working out there right now, but seeing what else is out there I guess I'll get use to it again
Best spot for a latte in Mandalay bay. Great sandwiches, French fries, etc. always a friendly staff. I recommend giving this a try if you're near by!!
very disappointed,  went in early in the morning just wanting to sit and in joy a coffee. the coffee was only warm and not all that good. there is no comfortable relaxing place to sit. music was way to loud for that early in the day. i left without drinking my coffee.
Yummy truffle fries!
I love eating there breakfast here. Country boy is my fav. Love the steak and hash brown casserole. My order was almost perfect except i got wheat bread not white, i don't like wheat but no big deal. Mike my server was great, friendl, and nice
Been to so many different places over the years and I'm sure later on this place will be like the rest. As of now it has the best tasting dim sum in town. This is the only place I go. It cost a little more but worth it.
When you die and go to heaven you end up here with a beer in your hand.
One star cause I can't give them zero. Rude Staff, horrible pizza w/ almost no toppings, refusal to correct wrong order, over priced. Stay away. Horrible,horrible,horrible!
What a pleasure to have my first NC inspection here!  I was helped promptly, not overcharged for the brake light bulb I needed, and I got to watch HGTV while I waited.
Huge store if you know forever 21and like try hair styles you'll love this store.though there's never anyone around when you can't reach something.
Salted caramel ice cream was good. Very Carmel-y. :)\n\nCandy selection is like a high end sweet factory. So basically over priced. They also have desserts but I only had the ice cream. \n\nThe girls at the ice cream counter are super friendly.
yummy cupcakes but the cupcake pro in our group says he's had better.  delicious but also pricey as other reviewers mentioned.  tasty and worth trying!
This is a great spot for a quick take home dinner on a week night.  The food is good and consistent. I usually get the grilled chicken burrito or naked burrito or naked burrito ad my husband tends to mix it up.  We have even had them cater an event with crowd pleasing results.
The professional attitude of the staff and the food quality and presentation satisfies any perfectionist!
when it comes to vegas gas prices..you know you got a deal. Cheap gas prices at this location as of yesterday 1/8/12 at $3.27 per gallon, not bad.
Solid beer, love the selection.  Wish they had some better food, but its a brewery.  They just offer popcorn and beer, go here on a full stomach.  The beer is strong and delicious!  mmm mmm 4 star good.  glug glug beer!
Great place. Everyone was so nice. We were I'n town for a convention and. Needed a rush manicure. They were most professional. Highly recommended.
Portillo's in Chicago is a MUST. Portillo's in Arizona, meh. Scottsdale location better than Tempe location, and I only say this because you can taste that lovely Tempe waste/tap water taste in the food.
Decent rooms. Great location downtown. I wanted to work from my room but there was no hard wire connection and the wifi was weak along with a weak password given to everyone. The breakfast buffet was ok, but way overpriced.
great bbq.\ngreat service. great food all around.\nbeen back here many times. maybe one of the best bbq ribs in phoenix.
Had a grilled chicken salad. Chicken was over cooked and very dry. I asked for honey mustard and got ranch. The girls seemed to be rushed with little time for good service.  Not sure I'll return.
Very slow -- even without a lot of customers -- and very disorganized. You can't pay with the Starbucks app -- they have to take your phone and key in the number by hand!
Pretty corporate place. Like a panera. Good breakfast Sammy, nice service but nothing over the top nice about the place. Good for refueling.
Delicious beer, great local atmosphere, super friendly staff! Hopefully the area gets built up around the booze district and I will be a frequent customer! Nice job Craft Haus!
I stopped by this Carl's Jr for a quick snack during my lunch. I was in a rush and service was fast and efficient. \n\nIt is located on the corner of Sahara and Fort Apache so it's rather easy to locate and get to from the street.
Think of how boring Phoenix would be without this landmark.  The only problem is that we need a few more of these mountains.  I mean, have you tried climbing this thing on a Saturday morning?  It's as bad as a black Friday at Macy's. Nonetheless, glad to have this nearby.
I'm from out of town, and stopped in for a quick lunch. I was very impressed. Friendly staff, clean facilities, and amazing food! I have not has a cheese steak that good in a long time! Oh and the price is great for the food! 5 stars all the way!
Great spinach, cranberry and goat cheese salad! Enough to make a healthy lunch and had to finish it with one of their delicious pumpkin macaroons. Will be back again I'm in this part of town.
Their happy hour compared to neighbors Kona Grill and Brio is not good at all.  Expensive, greasy, and plain.\n\nDo yourself a favor and takes 100 steps to the left!!  Kona all the way!!!
I've been here many times.  It's not really located in the best area.  The tables aren't bad, but the place seems a bit shanty.  Prices are decent, but I wouldn't recommend coming here unless you don't mind smelling like ashtray after you leave.
Love this place, my favorite place to eat a sandwich when I need bread. Lol. I  suggest it to anyone who loves hot yummy sandwiches.
A great family owned bike shop. Nice selection of new and used bikes with accessories that are reasonably priced. Owner is knowledgable and tries to meet your budget and needs when looking for a bike.
The food and service was excellent. The only negative about this place is that it was 85 degrees in there. I would recommend some ceiling fans at the very least.
For 17+ years I have been coming here when I need hardware stuff.  Almost every hard to find item I have brought in they have been able to get and most of it has been in stock.  It is nice to know, when I was married, I could send my wife in with a sample or a note and they could still fill the need.
Surprisingly clean and staff is pretty helpful.
Awful awful customer service. Aside from not being able to hear your order they constantly repeat back the wrong order. When asked a simple question they pause as if your speaking a foreign language then ask you to repeat it. This situation happen to me twice in one day and 1x today.
If you  want the slowest service when 2 people Are making drinks  then for Shure come here.... This is why old people shouldn't work at Starbucks
The bread was very good.   The sandwich (pastrami) was just average.\n\nPrices are all reasonable and a pretty large menu.  I'm guessing  (hoping)  some of the asian sandwiches  rise above average.\n\nProbably  a 3.5.
This place is G H E T O O !!!  Don't waste your time with this place.  Sure, there might be a deal here and there, but the quality is sacrificed big time.  The produce section is in horrible shape; most items are withered or even rotting.  Trust me, go somewhere else!
Love this Place :)  Everything I Need is there...Reminds me back in the PI.   :)\nFrom renting Filipino DVD,Banks, Fast food, & Grocery...
Holy Macaroon!!! Do yourself a favor and get your butt down to barChocolate in the 7th St Market today!! The hazelnut crunch macaroon is phenomenal!! And get more than one... at $2.50 a piece, why not!
Saw the reviews and they all looked great. Unfortunately the wait for just a basic breakfast was over 25 min. I'm guessing that based on reviews that this was a one time event but still happened. For was good.
Common eat spot for my work peeps. People literally fly in for the Big Rigg! I somehow always order and pay for a cookie, but never see it, though. Suppose it's just some sort of karmic \"fat tax\"
If you want to eat healty - quickly and at a resonable price, this place is great. It's self service and the decor is nothing special, but it provides exactly what the names says.
DO NOT ORDER THE SWEET SHRIMP. The seafood salad is banging though. I always use the left over sauce for dipping.
Food was great. Their Burgers esp. so bigggggg and good!!
Very friendly staff. Nice atmosphere. They advertise 100% Angus beef, which no doubt it is, but the burgers are out of balance. The taste of the beef is lost due to too many other flavors in the burgers. Sweet potato fries are excellent. Best choice would be a beer and the sweet potato fries.
East side Frugal Muze...if you can get by the daytime clientel reeking of smoke and the incessant, mindless, LOUD chatter of the staff...it is ok. Head to the west side one. HUGE selection and clean.
Great Thai and Asian food, it's the old Lattitude 8 that was in downtown Chandler! Fantastic, try the Panang Curry!
The employees here ignored us tonight and missed a sale. They were too busy painting attention to ppl who walked in after us. My husband even told the guy he wanted to buy a razor and brush! Still... No Service.
Skimpy on the poutine.  Duck in a can....yuck.  Hip n happening place with surprisingly unappetizing food.
This store was awesome for a beginner!  John was extremely friendly, patient, helpful and genuine.  I would definitely recommend it.  Nice, new, small and not overwhelming.  I officially smoked my last cigarette and will enjoy this new contribution to my lungs and environment.  Thanks so much!!
I like Boston Pizza, but this one let us down.\nBland and overcooked, and  a long wait on a slow day does not make me happy.\nYou guys need to get it together, and find the standards that we expect you to uphold.
I ordered PHO #31 with extra meat. Well I got 1 ounze of chicken the same that comes with a standard order. This happened on 2 seperate occassions. Will not be back!!
Rude service.
This breakfast was very very basic and quite gross. I found a long piece of hair on my toast and my waffle was undercooked. Feel sick after eating here don't eat at matts big breakfast.
Perfect restaurant and to be honest with you is the best one I found for my entire week in Vegas.  Also the hospitality is amazing.
I have been seeing Erin for 4 out of the 7 years I have been here.  If you want a great stylist who gets you, and fulfills your needs Erin is your girl!!!
Very nice bartenders and delicious drinks. Loved that the douche-y aspect of bars was absent.
Pretty good pizza, if you're down for thin crust. Nothing spectacular, but not disappointing. You'll get a legit pizza. Enough said.
Fairly good service, excellent wings as usual, and a decent selection of brew. All in all not the best location, but still pretty good.
Great staff and service.  I really like the BBQ.  The combo platters let you try up to 3 different items.  I also really love the coleslaw!  I can't wait to go back.
The location on Eastway has sub par customer service and the security guard is always weird acting and staring you down. I feel like it's too much.
Awesome. I have lived in England and the food here was just perfect. Sister & I both had the fish & chips, son had welsh cheddar mac & cheese. Huge, hot delicious portions. We'll definitely be back!
Been going there for years and even before they had this new location. Good prices and great customer service.
Decent food, it reminded us of wedding catering and the interior was pretty generic.  It's not terrible, but not really worth the price or trip.
Pretty good food and usually a good time. Staff always seems nice and knows what they are doing, always seems busy also...they have cheap drinks and usually specials. I recommend the wings or the provolone(fried).!
I work late somtimes and they are open rather late and do not mind if you show up 5 min before closing time. The food is better then the normal cheap chinese/asain type places. Ask for a suggestion and they will give it. \n\nChicken fried rice is my usual.
The crust always makes or breaks a pizza, and this was great! The slices were huge and very reasonably priced! I defiantly recommend this place to anyone looking a few slices for lunch!
Stay away from the American Rockhouse!\nBuy your guitar drinks at Cabo Wabo in Planet Hollywood. Do NOT give them anything.\nThe guys in charge are rude and don't treat their guests well at all.
I have been coming here since I was a little kid. Everything I have ever tried was great. Would highly recommend trying it out. Great hot sauce although don't eat a whole bottle because you will pay for it later !
We usually eat here when we're in town.  Overall Mastro's is a very good restaurant but this time the service was lacking and the scallops were way under cooked.
Clean. Doesn't smell like chemicals are everywhere. I've visited some salons where you cannot breathe. Seats for the pedicure are comfy and nice. The attendants are pleasant and they are knowledgable. I am very ticklish and they handled me with care and respect.
Worst pizza I've ever had! So soggy and too much sauce. I hate it when the crust is soggy!!!
Urban outfitters yay for phx having one downtown, great sale sections and cool little tickets. Moderate prices
As a military member I love those Monday deals.  Been here several time with my wife and never had a bad meal yet.  You also get your money's worth when you order.  Currently working my way down the burritos.  The Arizona was very good, added some of the red sauce for some spice and it hit the spot as usual.
Good, but left my ipad there.......went looking for it. A very expensive lunch. Plus the person who took my order had a bad attitude. To many other good places in the area to deal with that.
Its like going to a 3rd world country, shopping in their market, but in the states and for triple the price. But I love everything they have. And its such great quality.\n\nSo.. I walk in walk straight to the sale rack, don't touch anything else or I will fall in love. Its the only way
Really?!? How have I not reviewed you, Vovomeena?\nThis is my go-to brunch place. I just love it. The decor is perfection. The food is delightful. The biscuits are DIVINE. Do yourself a favor and go here ASAP.
Fish tacos were amazing! And great beer selection - especially great prices on unique beer list for Happy Hour! Definitely recommend this place. I'm going back for sure.
I love the Wynn and the Encore.  I don't always go to Vegas, but when I do, you can bet that you will see me at one of these hotels.  I like the fact that it's on the strip but a little more secluded and a little less nuts but still walking distance to all the action.
Great staff, clean and yummy!  My kids love it!
What a disappointment.  View was great but air conditioning didn't work.  And they knew it yet stayed open and charged $30-$40 per plate.  No warning before.  Nothing.\nAnd the food was lackluster at best.\nA huge waste of time.  CLT has MUCH better.
HUH?  $25 for a lollipop? I don' get it.  What's the allure?  Not like Brittany Spears or Kim Kardashian are paying that!\n\nPLUS:  THIS COMPANY IS CANADIAN!!!!
Always a good time eating here. The service is good, the chips and salsa are great and the food is excellently consistent.
Place is nice.  Popped in for a few drinks, very pricey. Spent $30 on 3 drinks that did not have enough alcohol in it.  Sushi was great!
I went here for a reception dinner for a friend's wedding and it was amazing! So many items to chose from and the desert options were plentiful.
Great place!! Went on a Wednesday night, they have happy hour all night. The patio was an excellent atmosphere and dog friendly! They even brought out a bowl of water. Food was all delicious. Definitely will be back. Highly recommended.
I would have to agree with most of the reviews about circus circus..This place was soooo nice back in the day. \n\nNow?\n\nNo comment, its actually sad to see what its become.
i love these blingblingbling stuffss!! and women are so attractive and amazing! awesome show!
It is ok, nothing to write home about. The food is typical, one step up from Subway. Beware going for lunch, this is place is CROWDED and it will take FOREVER to get your food. But, if you are looking for an average sandwich with an average decor, this is your place.
Every year, a little shine rubs off of Caesars for me...
I love this nail salon. Holly and Jeff are down to earth, friendly and fun people. I look forward to my monthly visit and chats with them and their other clients.  Holly and Jeff always does a professional job on my diabetic toes. And Holly works wonders with my eyebrow waxing.
The staff here wasn't as friendly as most locations I have been to. It also wasn't as clean and tidy as I'd like. Otherwise, it was about the same as the other locations I have visited.
Love love the #7 roll!! Apart from the 25mins wait during dinner peak, we truly enjoy the selections they have here.
Bad. Need to improve on customer satisfaction and hospitality . food and option are good but the other one makes me not go to same place again. But I still love the option what they have for lunch buffet.
Overpriced.....small and a tourist trap for sure. There are more souvenirs to buy than sharks to see.
Absolutely incredible Central Euopean food, from Sweden to Poland. And I come from a European family. Not fast because it's all fresh, the value is incredible as everything is huge.
Such a fun place!!! Food is delicious. Bottom line. Make sure to share sides so you get to try them all! Drinks are sugar filled in giant mason jars and chicken is juicy. Love the atmosphere and very worth the wait!
My $20/15 coins got me little of merit.  How could it?  Over five blocks, I believe the total number of local restaurants was 30.  Is that really possible?!  All in all.......it blew.
I get the feeling that I will be hunted down and killed for writing this place a bad review, that's how friendly the people are to \"newcomers.\" I am officially afraid of those women.
I was craving for Indian food that's why I'm here, had chicken curry and cauliflower with potato , they both taste the same , not much favor , not the best Indian food I ever had....
Open late and delivers according to all of there flyers.  Huh?  It's 7:30 on a Friday night and the Dbacks are in town.  Wonder how long this place will stay in business.
Wow, just love this place. Going camping, hunting, kayaking this is your place. Being a land locked surfer, I'm stocked they have stand-up paddle boards.
Recently I had been here with my family. Being a south Indian we were craving for authentic south Inidan food and were delighted to find this place in yelp. We were 7 and all of us relished the food. Service was great. Kids especially \" liked the tandoori chicken.
Just ok. I heard allot of good things about this restaurant so my expectations were high. Did not live up to the hype. Would go back but not go out of my way.
If you haven't checked out the the swanky W Hotel in Scottsdale yet - you should. From the ultra modern interior to the gorgeous wait staff (girls and guys!) the place is definitely a hit and a great atmosphere for meeting people. Ask them about the Sexy Fries and why they are so sexy!
Tidy place with nice decor. I ordered guey jub (roll rice noodle soup with porks) and it was so tasty. It is hard to find this dish being away from thailand but they do cooked it to perfection here. The owners and waitress are very nice too:)
Infinitely better experience! Thank you Jennifer for taking the time to respond to me. I will definitely be back.
We went here after reading so many great reviews.  The place seemed dirty. I went to the ladies room and had to cross through the kitchen.  They were microwaving food.  The pho was ok.  Ive had way better. The entire meal was mediocre at best!
Meh...food is just ok.  Nothing spectacular and similar to any diner you find on the road.  Prices, of course, are high for what you get but it's Vegas, baby!
Sorry I was on vacation.  Im back and have spoken to another 37 people and handed out another 200 flyers reminding people to never use this car wash... quike and sleazy
I was firstly astonished by the price here. I mean, a pho at 8.95 obviously is not a champaign stuff. But seems this is the only Thai restaurant here. The pho tastes okayyy
Beautiful.  Very friendly staff.
Went for a late lunch on a Saturday and very much enjoyed the food.  Great variety on the menu and a relaxing atmosphere.  Loved the Salmon tacos with the citrus slaw.  Will definitely go back.
This place is one of two Asian style restaurants near the Convention Center.  Went here for lunch with co-workers.  We ordered different lunch box sets.  My eel avocado roll, smoke salmon roll  and Boston Roll were all fine.  The chicken teriyaki dish and hibachi shrimp looked ok.
Love their boba and especially their diamond ice that fills with fruit such as strawberries, melons, and my very favorite red beans. Always order the medium ones cause you will crave for more if you order small. Guaranteed! :)
I'm not entirely happy with going to this place this time around. Service was awful and had to get the waitress' attention just to ask for something. The food was tasty at the time but now my stomach hurts. I wonder if they even got an A from the health department.
I really love chinese food but this place was absolutely horrible. I tried two dishes but both of them tasted real bad and smelled weird as well. Never go here. They have the worst food in entire Urbana-Champaign area.
Ocean Air has been taking care of our A/C for the last 2 years & we are very happy with their service!  If you are looking for someone that has your best interest at heart concerning your A/C, please look no further.
I took advantage of the Groupon for the Pepperoni Platter...it looked so good on the website and I heard many good things about Mancinis...was totally disappointed... the bread and seasonings were good, but there was hardly any pepperoni or cheese in it...glad it was 50% off
Pros: Excellent cuts, blow outs and color for all hair textures!!  Friendly service. Clean, professional atmosphere and good location.\nCons: Styling options for kinkier curls leave much to be desired!
Sunday brunch is as wonderful as it is popular. Heist has a variety of food available with fresh made bread in a really large wood burning oven. The atmosphere is popular and relax; definitely a fun place to enjoy yourself and your friends.
I absolutely LOVE this place!!! The food is amazing and the service is impeccable!!! I recommend the Olivia dish and as an appetizer order the Brie!!! I'm looking forward to going here for lunch this weekend!! I'm a loyal patron!!!!!!!!
Small portions for the price you pay...still hungry :(
My family and I went up to Flagstaff to play in the snow! So we come into Town and spot a Sizzler.  Famous  chicken and their salad bar, prices for quality far over priced. Very disappointed !!\n.                                       Von Louis Thomsen \n                                             (623) 512-7060
Who doesn't love primantis? Pro tip, their happy hours are great. Cheap beer and Dollar slices of pizza. the perfect way to wind down your day.
Love this mexican food we just to work around maricopa and this was stop for lunch! Everytime que come here we keep having food!! Love it!
I love this place, it would have a full 5 stars if the u didn't have to wait 2 hours for a lane and it wasn't so expensive. But maybe there is a wait lost u could call and reserve a spot.
The Food was outstanding!  My tip is to go early in the afternoon, there no wait.  any thing past 6:30pm you will be waiting!.........  Nice people great food, what else is there?
Dropping Sullivan's down to 4 stars, rather than 5, because one of (if not their best) attribute was their wide selection of drink specials on Thursday and Sunday.  They increased the price of the specials and reduced it to only 1 drink.\n\nStill a good restaurant, but the value is no longer as high.
Good atmosphere but steak was mediocre at best. Everyone's steak were done incorrectly. People that ordered medium, the steak was barely pink and others that ordered medium plus, the steak was bloody rare. Besides it not being cooked well the cut of steak did not compare to other steak houses in the phx area.
horrible   stayed fourth of july weekend  hotel lets outside people into their pool facilities and then tells their guests looking for pool chairs that its first come first serve     pool manager even worse and extremely rude   been to Vegas over thirty times     Cesar's the worst
Quality has gone way, way down over the years. Not worth the price anymore IMO. Certainly edible but many more choices at the same price point.
I come in here every so often to make deposits for family member.  The folks there have been very friendly and I have not had any problems.  So, all is good so far...
Timbers is a great place for a bite 24/7. We're here this morning for the chicken fried steak and eggs. Always a winner. Also, give the bartendress a hard time, she's a bitch and the bomb.  Lol, luv ya Tina.
Crappy place as I sit here now. Didn't cover tips of nails with polish. I have got my nails done already now have to wait for nail art until someone who can do them is available. Going elsewhere to get pedicure unless I wanna wait again.
Oh my this location is horrible. There are hardly any toys in stock. The staff aren't very helpful and the game section is lacking any new games. Should have went to Target or walmart instead, at least they are stocking every night to prepare for Christmas. This store just looks like they gave up like yesterday. Yeesh.
The oatmeal stout on cask was decent, but the rest of their beers had no body at all.  I was very disappopinted.  Atmosphere was very lame for a Thursday night.
The Service Technician was really good but they charged me $145.00 for a ten dollar part.
Stayed at the Carson Tower last week.  My elderly friend was mugged by a black woman who entered on the 10th floor.  She was knocked down and her purse was stolen.  Security should have been better!!!  Not even a word of apology from the casino.
M Burger. A decent burger, considering the city. Easy to walk to, harder to find parking. Suggestion - go on a night that a hockey game is playing (I think that is almost every night) and the place will completely empty 20 minutes before game time.
Was in line for over 10 minutes with less than 15 people - I honestly thought the wait was going to end there. Unfortunately, it was another 7 minutes for two green tea frappes. So, if you're in a hurry, don't even bother!
What happened?I used to love this place!\nThe quality has steadily gone down and has finally hit bottom! The food has no flavor! Particularly the Pad see ew. The curry was only ok! No veggies and a real disappointment! $45 wasted!!!!
Pretty good food :) lots of coffee options and the nerdy names match the nerdy interior (which I really love). I would come back and I can definitely see this place growing in the future. And there's a PAC MAN video game table! :D
Good food, good service! Sometimes there's a wait, but I've never waited more than 25 minutes and it's totally worth it!
What a little gem!  We love Betty and her paletas.  Locally owned and put pride in their food.  Great flavors from simple to complex.  In the day of dying out ice cream shops this place is a keeper, make it out to Betty's it's worth the effort!
I'm going to have to say this place is hit or miss. Unfortunately there is no way of knowing what the inventory is until you get there, but that's all part of the allure. The prices are great and the inventory is well organized.
Awesome place for a family meal or just to get together.  We ate at thr Corona Cafe.  23 of us. The service was phenomenal.
A great mom and pop place to eat healthy & to grab a juice! Green Zing is my go to The have a pretty good selection of organic extras to incorporate into your life as well.
Just got my first cut since moving to Scottsdale.  No need to look any further.  Personable, just the right amount of conversation, and a great cut!
Our little one loved everyone at the school and we are signing er up for another year here.  Everyone in the office knows the children's names and their families.  Very friendly.
Federal pizza had become our favorite pizza place of all time. \n\nThe Casanova is a unique and surprising blend of flavors, it tempts us every time! And, with their Monday/Tuesday specials and the super convenient drive-thru...you can't beat it!!
I was pretty nervous after reading all of these negative reviews, but I called, was picked up promptly, and taken where I needed to go safely. Got pretty great service at 4:30am.
Like Subway but with Whoppers.  Underwhelmed.
How could a seafood restaurant this mediocre can event survive?  The Sancerre 2010  would have been the saving grace if they actually made it (not).
The music is now too loud and annoying to get any work done in their. Also, because it's so loud, you get those annoying loud talkers ugh. Grabbing my coffee to go from now on.
Great food, reasonable price, good ambience.  Always some talent to see. I would recommend either a Friday for the bustling energy or the happy hour specials. Best time to be here.  I will have to say that the service could be better.
I have been here three time and there is always something different going on, good food and some interesting drink special and a bar tented who can actually create some cool stuff.  Not a place for younger kids in the evening - which is kinda nice for us older ones ducking out on our kids for an hour or two.
Always clean and usually has anything I'm looking for in stock. Most of the product is way more expensive than Walmart, but it's good for the convenience. Some of the employees are grumpy, but I overlook it most of the time.
people working there were pulled from there other locations such as mirage mgm nyny.... and there allll sooooo rude.... unlike encore
Decent place to have dinner. However, I'd say the buffet at Wynn is much better for a slightly more expensive price. The crab legs are watery, but the dessert selection is great.
Exceptional food and service and one of the best dining experiences in Madison, WI.
Still a good dive bar and many updates from what I remember as the 'Silver Bullet'.  Great prices and good selection on beer.
Best airport food I've ever had. Better than most regular restaurants too!  Salads are super fresh and flavorful!
Probably the best hotel with customer service on the strip. You really can't go wrong with the Wynn. It's expensive but it's clean, nicely decorated and spacious. My only suggestion is that they upgrade the ventilation system. Although I could tolerate the smoke, it was almost unbearable in certain areas.
Quick, clean no muss no fuss, keeper!
Service and food was excellent!! Red sauce is to die  for! Pregnant girl's dream!! Steve was an awesome Server. Order the risotto balls!
This place was awesome..easily some of the best breakfast crepes I had. Unfortunately i did not have the sweet crepes but i am sure they are awesome. The only reason i gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is just for the length of time it took for our food to come out. Other than that i had a great experience.
Yuck!!! White trash food!!!
This place is racist. Enough said.
Southwest Airlines...You will always be my first choice in air travel! I flew with another airline to use up an existing ticket...but whenever possible, I'm sticking with Southwest!
I can't say I found the food to be anything other than \"very\" Americanized Chinese food. On the positive side, the staff are nice and the prices are extremely cheep.
Great concept - pick your own, cook your own steak.  Unlimited salad bar, baked potatoes, bread.  Steaks are huge......\n\nSure, the decor is circa 1984, and could use a little updating, but the food is good, and it's a fun place.
The curry was ok, I had to order the one served inside a pineapple, it looked better than it tasted though. Maybe next time I should try the other curries. The pork jerky was excellent though, I would definitely come back for that. Service was pretty good too and the staff was really nice.
This location provided great customer experience for my 6yr old sons haircut. I appreciate the web checkin, and the friendliness of the staff. My only suggestion is that they be more attentive to customers coming in. Possible having a receptionist since it is so busy. I saw a couple of customers come and go without greeting.
Store is fairly new and much bigger and cleaner than our nearest location on Bethany Home. We drive the extra distance to go to this location. Customer service seems to be good and if you go early in the a.m. it is usually not busy at all.
I don't like that you can't just hang out here, you have to actually make a purchase of a minimum of $5 or they kick you out. Overall, cute little tea place that's open until 2am.
Just received a French manicure and it was the worst one I have ever gotten. She did not stay with the contour of the natural nail, she globbed on thick, old polish and did a terrible job. I do NOT recommend this place at all.
Amazing gluten-free breakfast joint.  A must-go!!  The baked goods are to die for and the specials are a hit (including the chicken and waffles).  It's a great place to bring a group and a sure sign the gluten-free phenomenon is here to stay.
Awesome! Good collection of cars, great service, overall a good deal!
Popular place among locals. Chain restaurant, but I like it better than the olive garden
The worst taxi in LV.Really pissed me off!Called at 12:50pm and tell me about 10 to 30mins !!Waiting for 1hour and 10mins!!!Still 2.10pm!!!!!\nDon't spent anything on this company money or time!!
Excellent Chinese food! All of their dishes are large and delicious. The pad thai is one of our favorites. Also the stir fired general tso's chicken is a great alternative to the usual fried and breaded general tso's that you are used to. Average prices, but the quality makes it all worth it.
Quiet exquisite atmosphere! Will definitely recommend to colleagues and friends!\nEscargots! Great experience!
Got there, was told it would be a 35 minute wait. Ended up standing there for almost an hour as they seated people who had arrived after us. Ended up walking away, to bad the food sounded good. Would give less stars if I could.
Okay.. Get the sheer madness burger .. Ask for the egg over medium..... Amazing!! And for the none meat eater .. Order the Parmesan Grilled cheese.... Fricking' rediculous!! Portions are huge, good thing, so come ready!!
Our dinner was delicious and our waiter, Christopher, was the BEST! He made us feel special and took GREAT care of us! We definitely want to go back.
Don't waste your time or money. Mediocre sandwiches, too expensive because they come with no sides at all, not even a plate; you have to eat off the wrap it comes in and below average service. I'll never go back.
DONT GO HERE!\nI got stomach upset after I ate their carne asada burrito. The standard is not as Filbertoes or Riva's.\n\nSTAY AWAY
Fuck this place!! Weekend of EDC and booked our hotels a MONTH in advance and they said they didn't recieve/lost our reservations!
The atmosphere is great. I love the trees and picnic tables.\n\nThe food is meh and you'll pay $12 for a sandwich.
Went there for lunch and had the burger.  Service was very slow.  The bread was very good but the rest of the food was nothing special
Just as good the one in Scottsdale, AZ. Great bartenders, lots of TV and lots of great beer on tap.
They have flower tacos!!!!! I tried just about all of the meats and I would suggest trying one of each as well they are all good. Little disappointed there was no salsa bar.
This place is great albeit a little overpriced. If you are looking for a swanky happy hour, I'd recommend Del Frisco's. They have happy hour priced wine but only one red and one white selection. The happy hour food is well priced.
Awesome food, quick service, and real sugar coke behind the counter. The food portions are a bit on the large side, and the salsas are excellent.
Went here for the first time today and loved it! The food was delicious and they had great prices. It was much better than any other fast food Mexican place that I've been to. It's not very nice looking or in the best area, but I will definitely be coming here again!
Have stayed here for a couple bachelor parties and was pleasantly surprised. I enjoyed the fact that they have kitchen and also a washer and dryer which is helpful in las vegas.
I ordered the Sea Bass special which was Sea Bass baked over 2 spinich ravioli in a light italian sauce and it was wonderful.  Wait staff was on their toes.  Never waited for anything.  Great wine.  If I lived closer, this place would be in my top 3 to eat at.  Just fabulous!
Great food. Service was bad the first two times there but the third time was fantastic. The server's on the third trip were great fast and verry attentive.  Hope they keep it up. If so I will give a better review.
Walked over to the Lounge after having dinner at Mix. While I'm usually not up for packed clubs with drunktards, this place was alright. It has a nice view, kind of narrow and the dancefloor is really tiny. Drinks are priced averagely for LV.
Had the poutine with onions and mushrooms. It was very tasty for my first time trying this dish. \n\nI also tried a Nutella, banana and strawberry crepe upstairs. It was a more crispy than I would have liked.\n\nThe service was good overall
I have always enjoyed dining here. Great service, atmosphere & food!
We didn't try any of the micro beers but the drinks were great and the nachos were so crispy! We were here on $2.50 Wild Turkey night so we were happy!!
Awesome beer! Best pilsner ever! Check the Facebook page for their special events including food trucks that stop by. And careful with the Barley Wine!
Service sucks. 30 minutes for a drink & menu. Food is average, at best. Don't think they'll survive here. Tough area for restaurants, and you have to offer more than another mediocre sports bar.
Worst customer experience from these obnoxious pricks!
The little ceasers that was at this location was so much better.  Pizza slice i ordered was cold/reheated and not very tasty.\n\nBest new york pizza is secret pizza at the cosmopolitan
Review for casino and food only.  Wow, I'm another one that wish had checked the reviews before we ate and gamed here.  This place is a mess and the staff are unfriendly and of no assistance.  So many other places to choose from that we won't be back here.
Small, probably a good place to get a drink before dinner, but definitely not for a big group. Also, they serve their own Hennessy special, it comes in a chilled glass looking like ginger ale.
Terrible pizza terrible service terrible timing terrible delivery terrible everything.
This place smells fishy, and I'm not talking about food.
Fuel is a great spot to grab a quick bit.  They have a yummy thin crust pizza and lots of the usual choices.  Their garlic knots are tasty too.  You won't wait too long or spend too much here but will walk away satisfied.
It's subway, food is...subway...if you can't get to a local mom and pop spot, thyey'll do.
A great after hours spot!  Atmosphere here is very lively. The decor fits the time and mood when you get there. Good high tempo music and did I mention, its free to get inside =) \nAt least when I went on a Friday night through Saturday morning.
Great place for drinks and a view of the Bellagio fountains from behind. Had drinks there last Monday with a friend around 6pm. No cover, no crowds, and was able to get seating in the lounge area and later at the bar.
Pizza was so so. Charging 75 cents for drink refills after spending $25 is a bit ridiculous.  Surely there are better pizza places in Scottsdale, unfortunately, we missed them.  Save yourself on this one - keep looking for better.
Great food! Tuesdays are the best, they have live music on the patio and drink specials. The fig and prosciutto pizza is especially awesome.
We went with high hopes. We were seated and waited 20 minutes (no exaggeration) without anyone coming to our table. We tried to get the attention of the waitress as she passed and she actually looked the other way. I We ended up leaving without even being able to try it.
Nothing special about this place, I guess you get what you pay for. Seems like everything is broken here. My no smoking room smells like smoke.\nThe Spa sucks and your kinda trapped in the hotel. Nasty Pop music playing all day long at the pool.
Part of my quest to eat something that's not available in Flagstaff after lacrosse games in Scottsdale. Decent sandwiches, good hard working service. Not much variety, but I am not a very picky eater. Wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, kinda $$$ for sandwiches.
I have to say, this is probably the best time I have had at a club ever. No drama, no BS, good crowd (for the most part), and the hip-hop room was on point. Lots of talent, too...lots...lots.
deplorable. someone make the music stop, please.
Low quality food. Awful service. If you order a side or salad here, you get it once you are done with your food!
Absolutely love the setting. Feels like an old pub. The food is great- notably the Reuben and the fries - oh the fries! Great beer selection. Only downside is there isn't enough seating....
Great selection of spray paint and caps. Staff is somewhat knowledgable in this field. Awesome little spot.
This place never lets me down.  Order anything off the menu! its all good!  The service is great here.  I go regularly and have never gotten bad service.  Excellent Pancakes!
The server was the worst ever. Only saw him twice throughout our dinner. Had to flag him down on the 2nd time. He gave us our order of oysters AFTER we finished our entrees. Oh, and I got food poisoning so I couldn't enjoy the rest of my Vegas \"vacation.\"
Love the  smoothies!  I come here every morning for  my green smoothie.  Great price  compared to other juice bars around.  All the guys n gala at the juice bar are fab!
Without a doubt the best place in Las Vegas for a sandwich!!  Huge portions and great service. NEVER had an issue with service or quality.  Great patio on sunny days or stay inside with tables and booths. You cant go wrong with this place. Try the Santa Barbara....
The service is good. Never had an issue,however I wish they would update their hours as they are not opened on Sundays. Big disappointment when Yelp reads they are open and you get there and it's closed.
Their pizza rolls are to die for! We get delivery from here once a week. The only downside is delivery usually takes 45mins at least..... I suppose it's worth the wait
Not as bad as Chevy's, but this generic chain is just OK as far as food and atmoshpere. Bland and boring, OK for drinks and meeting people after work, but I would not go out of my way to eat here.
The phone department is very knowledgeable. The geek squad department  is slow and doesnt have great  customer service. They give  you unrealistic time frames and have you  wait an extra 30 minutes while they chit chat between each other in the back
If your thinking about this place for breakfast - don't. If you got suckered into sitting down, and still haven't ordered - get up and leave. If you've already ordered - well then you're probably on Yelp to write your own bad review.
Such a fun inexpensive experience! I loved it and had such a wonderful animated host!
This is a bucket-list experience! Great pilot, new equipment, amazing flight-path. Truly awesome and totally worth it!!!!
Same good food. Buffet's a bit pricey. Good selection of games. Big location. NO PLAY STRUCTURE. Big bummer for us.
yes ive been known to be here to well.. drink coffee and enjoy a curry wrap or the blue cheese salad. :)sexy baristas as well.
Good Food. Fast Delivery.
Great Bar!!! Friendly staff, delicious drinks and amazing ambiance. Stacey's is a wonderful place to relax and just be yourself!! Chris the bartender was also fantastic!!
I have been to NY and had pizza and I am sorry to say this was nowhere near what you would get in NY. We ordered the NY style pizza and it just okay. The place is nice and the service was good, but I do not see myself going there ever again.
The staff here is SUPER friendly and very helpful. I couldn't ask for a better experience in a situation I didn't really want to be in (spending money on tires).
Worst steak of my life!!!! Tasted like it was made 2 weeks ago then microwaved a week ago then boiled in bath water today. Cold as hell. Garlic Sauce tasted like watered shit. Never again. The garlic bread was microwaved too! The nice waitress earned their one star for refunding my money
Dangit!  They appear to have gone out of business.  I was so looking forward to a taro frozen yogurt.
It's not this HD in particular but all locations..every employee knows where everything is in the store. & that is so impressive to me cause there is so much stuff in HD!
They should have stayed closed. Food was not very good, portion sizes were very small and it was overpriced. Plus, our waiter stunk. Literally, the man needed a shower so badly, I held my breath whenever he came to the table. We won't go back.
Had dinner at the Bangkok Thai Bar-B-Q tonight and it was excellent. Great service and the Tilapia dinner I ordered was delicious. A fresh rose on every table is a charming extra! The Peanut sauce served with the delicious vegetarian spring rolls is outstanding! We shall be back and I will recommend this restaurant to family and friends.
Got a Groupon for this and am glad I did. We enjoyed ourselves. It was fun to be interactive within the attraction and appreciated the acting. The staff work hard to put on a good show.\nI don't think I would necessarily go again if I didn't have some type of coupon though.
I had a burger & fries.  Good service, good food but too expensive.  They even charged me for requested BBQ sauce, kinda offensive.
All I can say is I love this place!  5 star stuff.   Go, its stellar!   National chain doing it right!   Bravo!
Best AYCE sushi in Las Vegas we've been too so far.
Loved this place! Huge variety and so much candy. :)
They have many healthy great tasting vegetarian options! Including a large selection of pressed juices and smoothies. As well as the regular pizza, pasta, chicken dishes for the omnivore.
a terrific new yoga studio downtown.  highly recommend it.  instructors are patient and engaging.  the classes are tailored to fit the levels of those who attend.  much nicer than attending a yoga class at a multi-purpose gym.
Don't like this place at all. I ordered the lobster one, for some reason that didn't taste so good. The lobster didn't taste fresh also. Won't go back
I love this little local place.  It is classy the food is great and the wine list is superb.  sometimes it is packed and I cannot get a seat even at the bar!!!  That is the only drawback to being a cute little neighborhood place.
It is definitely not worth the drive.  The server was pleasant , but the wait for the food to be served was way too long.  The food was not worth the wait either.  The foie gras was a disappointment.  The best part of the dining was the view of the lake beside the restaurant.
Went to Sandbar on Sat. specifically because their website advertised happy hour from noon - 7:00pm.  When we asked our waitress about it she indicated the Sat. happy hour had been discontinued since Aug.  After 4 months they should have been able to update their website.  At this point it is becoming a case of false advertising!
Fast, reasonably priced and decent quality when school is in session.  Had the chicken teriyaki bowl with white meat and found it generous in portion size and filling.  I like it for lunch.
The worst car rental company EVER.  Lines are miles long, cars are dinged and dirty, the shuttles are few and far between and standing room only.  The drivers hate this company, the employees hate working there and the customers are victimized by the poor service.  I will never rent from FOX las vegas ever again.
Quaint, relaxing bar in downtown Phoenix attached to the Breadfruit!  You better like rum though...options are quite limited if you don't.  I tried the special punch of the day and it was delicious, but they had me at strawberry.
Horrible breakfast croissant ever!!  Might have had sand in it. Don't wast your money!
Super bad i saw it in yelp it was one of the most reviewed restaurants , so i decide to visit it but i don't know how they gave it more than one star !!! Oily and cold also they just warm the pizza so you don't know when they made it !!
Great neighborhood pizza and more place.  Family atmosphere early, sports on TV, great selection of beer on tap and specialty pizzas.
Yummyyyy..... never had Polish food before... my husband has and I loved it ...specially the beet soup.... a must have !! and great value for money
This place  closed  in mid 2011 unfortunately
Went hear based on several recommendations from my friends who raved about this place.  I was let down by my experience here.  Ribs were NOT tender and on the fatty side.  Have not been back and don't plan on going back.
Called in an order for pickup and they forgot the tofu fries for the bison burger and the turkey bacon. The wellness drink is delicious but get your sh** together.
Cucumber collins one of their specialty drinks? Not something I would put down on that side of the menu. I took maybe two sips? Scary to think what their other specialty drinks taste like..
Best Gluten Free Pizza Ever!!!!! Only down fall is there service is really slow here but if you have celiacs disease or gluten intolerance this is the place to go! YUM!!!!!
I got my nails done here so many time, every time I come in, they figure out exactly what I want. I can find any pics online and they do exactly like that for me.
The service wasn't perfect, but the food was very close. The best part of the experience were the cute girls with large posteriors.
Rip off!  Stop raising our rates you douche bags. Get your crap together, cut some of your worthless emoployees and bring our rates back down.
Attended an IBM event here and the food was fantastic. Small bar with a lounge area next to the Canyon Ranch SPA. Third floor of the hotel.
The bar is so-so, but the entertainment on Monday night is awesome!  The Collin Freestone Band makes the bar worth going to!
Atkinson's is a pretty good spot to find some trinkets or other souvenirs.  There's the usual collection of junk but also some decent looking Southwestern jewelry.  The best deal are the handpainted ornaments for $4-5.
Overpriced for what they offer, as reflected by a lack of customers; but it isn't really bad, and might offer a reasonable alternative to waiting in a long line.
Overpriced, dark , dirty, and outdated.
I had my bachelor party dinner here and it was an absolute blast!!  Good friends, steins of beer and crazy beer chants every 30 min.  Can't beat it.  How some of my friends were able to down 5 liters during dinner is beyond me.
I've been here a couple of times and I was kind of disappointed over the burgers. Some of them are good and others are not. One thing you can't go wrong on though is their milk shakes! The milk shakes are why we keep going back.
I hadn't heard of Nello's until recently and it is now my favorite restaurant in the valley! Awesome pizza and the house dressing is equally as good. Great service most of the time and I need to try their happy hour soon.
I am in love with this place. The cupcakes are amazing and the service is outstanding. Ive been in about three times and every time I  was treated like family. I will forever be a customer because of the quality and the service.
Great for those nights you are too busy getting ready for your night out to go to a restaurant.  Grab some food here and bring it back to the room.  Good variety and wholesome food.  Sure it's a little pricey but we're in Vegas baby.  Go big or go home.
WORST service ever!  From the hostess, bus person & waiter..,.to many other restaurants around to waste ur time here!!!   We live in Las Vegas & bring lots of family here for dinner, but not anymore!!!
I've been to Venues Cafe twice - once for Sunday brunch and another time for lunch.  The outside seating area is beautiful.  I sat outside both times.  The food is excellent and I found the service to be awesome.  They were very attentive, never needed to ask for anything as they were at the table checking in very often.
Super crowded for a place that's pretty small. The drinks are pretty weak. But at least they offer the bed for sitting until the VIP arrives. But seriously, other than that, expect to stand or float around in or by the pool. At least the music was good.
I like this place.  It's a fun atmosphere, and the food is good.  But, my favorite thing to get is the Caipirinha.  I think you can also get a pitcher.
My mom brought back food from here. My family has a way with supporting other Filipinos. They have a very diverse market of Filipino baked goods as well as imported foods.
Not a big fan of the atmosphere and also not the best place to watch the game. \nFood was nothing to rave about but my boyfriend did enjoy his wrap.Truthfully I felt the place was a little dirty.\nThe service was slow but the waiters were friendly, at least most of them. I have had better!
I went to return a pair of pants and ended up buying a few items in a great sale. Cute clothes that are uually a bit over priced but you can sometimes catch great sales.  The girls were kind of rude. If I didnt get a good deal I wouldnt have bothered dealing with the lack of help
This echo's the other 5 start reviews.  I have had my oil and vinagar for about 4 months now and love them.  \n\nThis place is a stop for me for Holiday Gifts.  How can you go wrong???
Great happy hour menu. Speciality cocktails were good and the bacon wrapped dates were delish! The service was amazing! Chelsea our waitress was very attentive and friendly, she gave us a lot of really good recommendations. Definitely will be back!
Fried chicken and waffles were off the hook.  Dishes are definitely large enough to split.  Great food, beautifully presented, terrific service.  The wait is definitely worth it.
Just joined AF- first time fitness club member & am very happy I did. Friendly & very helpful staff, variety of people working out from newbies to muscle heads. Clean, well functioning equipment. Only downside: just 2 bathrooms which can be a problem at busy times.
Rather good pizza I want to go back now to dine if the rest of the food is just as good.
If you want to look at girls in kilts/miniskirts that look like they're still in high school prancing around it's great in addition to a large volume of TVs... food is decent prices are decent nothing much stands out at the tilted kilt
Nice selection and variety...However the prices are through the roof...then again who said golf was inexpensive. I came in looking for lighter weight clothing, but I was really turned off by the prices. I must be a cheap skate.
My family loves this place! The burgers are made fresh to order and their sweet potatoes fries are delicious.\n\nEmployees are very friendly and helpful. We have always received excellent customer service. Five stars!!
This barber school is one of the best out here, great students that learn from great instructors!
I come to spring training every year!! Love it! This stadium is pretty nice. Clean where it needs to be and the staff was very helpful in helping us find  our seats. I like how this stadium is close to a ton of restaurants and bars, since I usually stay in surprise, this is a nice change.
Pierre, you've said everything there is to say about this.  I can't wait to see it bulldozed.  Any day now.
Amazing service, amazing food. Every time that I am in the area I stop by. Can't get enough of the kabuli style rice!!!
had the philly cheesesteak and fries from here. it was alright, nothing to write home about. but i was super hungry when we ordered so i enjoyed the hell out of it.
Wow is the pizza expensive!  When it is almost $20 for a pizza that would be called a \"medium\" at most places, I just can't given them a good review. It is not like it is best pizza either, it is average at best.  Not sure how they stay in business with the crazy prices they charge.
First time here, but will be back
Wonderful paninis! We came in for lunch and ordered two paminis; the Eddie and the Pear and Brie. Both I would get again!
I am probably not the target demographic for this bar, but still decided to stop in one Saturday afternoon for a drink and some quick eats.  The food was cheap and actually pretty decent and they had a good selection of beer.  Nice bartenders too!
This store is ok, I bought an item and when I came home it was blatantly damaged, good thing they are real easy with returns, m surprised they would sell stuff that bad though.
Just ate here.\n\nPros:  \n-huge menu for hot dogs\n-super friendly\n-hot fries, cold pickles\n-fair pricing\n\nCons:\n-hard to spot if you don't know where it is. Take the time to find it and grab lunch.
This place is great! Best vietnamese food!
OK for $20 Groupon deal. Very limited free seating. $250 for loungechairs. $750 for ottomans. Why would why spend that if I have free drive ks for $20? Pool is super small + one jacuzzi. DJ was ok.
How can someone call this a pizza?  Saw the deals and reviews of how wonderful this place was so I had to try it.  When I got my pizza I was not sure of what I was looking at.  The crust was soggy, cheese not fully melted, and sauce was memorable in a bad way.  I guess I got what I paid for.
Good place for a quick lunch. Sandwiches, soups, and salads.  Fast service although everything is prepared to order.  Prices are very reasonable.
I was starved and had a chicken sandwich with avocado and ketchup drenched fries that tasted like a salty heaven.  And a beer, of course I had beer.  Yum
These ladies are a class act! We came to Vegas for my best friends wedding and New Years. They were amazing! Not only did we look beautiful but we FELT beautiful as well. I don't believe you are going to find a better service in Las Vegas. Can't thank you ladies enough for going above and beyond!
Ambiance was great, waitress was cute and helpful, the food was YUMMY...
It is the busiest holiday week of the year and they have one man working and two broken kiosks. 1 hour wait. I would do half a star if possible.
This is out go to Mexican place. The food is the usual choices but taste is good . They accommodate my active 2 year old well but they are always busy!
We are three locals having lunch here on a Wednesday - 1)  place recked of cigarette smoke - 2) staff does not seem to have an urgency in getting folks served - 3) food was okay -
Drove all the way from North Las Vegas to try this place out and they were closed. Sign says they're open at 9am and there was no one in sight at 10 and 11am.
One server.  Food was cold.  Screaming kid.  Bad news
This place is fantastic, the food is delicious and Kim was outstanding in assisting us. We will definitely return for a visit when we're in Las Vegas!!!
2 star place. Few items in menu, small portions and looks like food is been seating there since this morning. Food wasn't that good either. But place was clean and have TFC.
It was one of the most dry, tasteless philly cheese steaks i've had the misfortune of eating. Wow... how hard is it to add some freaking salt and pepper on the meat. Not that it would have helped much. Oh the meat had a freezer burnt taste. Save your $14
Awesome Bank in a Safeway. Great customer service. Jim Simmons is a wonderful Senior Banker, one who took great care of me, and went to great lengths to make sure that corporate US Bank took care of me. The hours are wonderful as they are open everyday, including Sunday!
Tried one more time. Better than last, but still not up to where it was in the past. So sad.
Yaki Tacos were yucky! Skimpy on the teryaki and dry. The fries were hard and cold. Place is going down hill fast. I wont eat here again! WOOF!!
Their food was great and there cucumber Martini is the best martini in the face of the earth. A must try.
Short wait.  Television available in news or sport channel. Bring reading material or tablet to pass the time. Mammography technicians were good. Office personnel really nice but a little disorganized. They really try to accommodate patients in.
Good Mexican sports bar!\n\nGreat service, more than enough TVs and decent food. Typical, but small menu. Good flavors. Had a little bit of a wait to get in, but worth it. A little high priced for what it is, but it's right on the strip so you kind of expect it.
Great prices for the portions, absolutely delicious food, and a wonderful family-owned atmosphere.
Quiet, clean, super-friendly staff, and a nicely stocked complimentary breakfast. We will be staying here again when in Phoenix!
They are NOT 24 hours. Much to my dismay at 3:30am. Closed every night from 2-6am.
Enjoyed the show.  Went with my family which included small kids.  Was a family friendly show and some of the illusions/tricks were spectacular.  Talented magician.  I agree with prior review that some of the instrument plays could be removed and more of a focus on the magic.  But overall I was pleased.
This place is easy to overlook in Sun Prairie, but it's pretty good at what it is.  Don't expect a big beer selection but if you are willing to settle for Spotted Cow and pub food give them a shot.  They have good wings and pretty decent specials on game days too.
Food OK service needs improvement my server took my order wrong and did not check until the end
We LOVE this place. My husband & I chilled on the quaint patio sipping great wine. Ask for Nathan. He made us feel like new friends hanging out on his patio. AND the food was great! Try the beet salad & something from the wood fired oven, we had the Mediterranean white pizza. A-mazing.
I'm not a big drinker, but this place is nice. The restrooms are very clean.
I stopped and had lunch at chucks today, and they are very friendly and good ole meat and 2 with tea and free cup of soup.\nthey also open at 5:30 am so if you are on your way to work say at 6:30 you can swing by  and grab a breakfast  samich!
I had a massage with Carron Miller and I can't say enough about.  She consulted with me first and helped me to feel relaxed.  By the end of my session my shoulders and back felt amazing.  My mind was clear and I felt rejuvenated.  I would highly recommend Carron.  She's absolutely wonderful
The next Nobuo Fukuda event will be at Restaurant Noca on 8/27. Warning -- link to PDF.\n\nhttp://www.restaurantnoca.com/Menu/Specials/NOCA_Nobuo_August_Menu.pdf
Pricey daiquiris but very good.
I liked the pizza\nbut not enough for the wait times.\n\nI mean, really.\n\nI'd rather just go to Peter Piper, order a pizza and play some skeeball instead.
Years ago I quit going to dominos due to poor quality and lousy service... This location has made me a customer again. The food is so good , and the delivery so quick, I can't believe it's the same place.
At this point, would suggest Spinato's or even Mellow Mushroom first.  The place is okay, but the quality is uneven to say it lightly.
Good food,  this was a quick lunch for us.  Great looking sports bar,  the only negative was toy have to order and pay at the bar.
Slowest Starbucks I have ever been in and horrible customer service.  Waiting for my drink order, no one in line and three employees not doing anything, standing around on their phones.  I had to ask twice to get my order finished.  My drink wasn't near as good as I get at the Starbucks I frequent.
Breakfast special was quite a deal, with too much food to eat.  Everything was just right as far as diner breakfast food goes.  Coffee was refilled promptly.  Food just isn't anything to write home about.
Crudit\u00e9s, steak street tacos & the cucumber refresher - always perfect. The service is great and the decor is fun. It is nice to have healthy, enjoyable options that still offer great flavor.
The owner helped me pick some good stuff to put with it. Recommended the sunset beach i believe and it was delicious!
This place is  no frills no thrills for me but the chicken caprese sandwich I will have to say is good. Average age when I was here is 70ish. But if your looking for a place that seems easy in/out for lunch , They also serve breakfast untill 1030am .
Service by Johnny was great. I have had the Ausso Buco twice now and it was awesome falling off the bone. I recommend sitting outside as to see all the people go by.
I have visited Bachi burger 20+ times and always get cravings for it. There is not 1 thing on the menu that is not 5*s. I strongly suggest the Oxtail Chili Cheese fries, the Bachi Caesar, Kiki burger, or the Ronin burger.
WONDERFUL. This restaurant has really gotten it right. Fabulous menu, service, five stars for a job perfectly done!
Consistently great food and drinks.  Go before 6 for happy hour prices. Try the peach smashed martini and prime rib dip (au jus).
Nice place,good service...the food is good for all you can eat sushi...but for waiting the food...it's a little bite slow....for the price...it's expensive than the other all you can eat sushi...
Good food. Fair price. But tomato sauce tasted a little weird. Owned by Chinese.
I will not be coming back here! A whole lot of energy spent on making the food look good instead of tasting good! Nasty, watered down sushi!
THIS PLACE SUCKS\n\nThe food was cold and overcooked. I'll never be back. A waste of 7 hard earned dollars.  Should have asked for my money back. \n\nStay away
Wanna fit in this GYM? Wear the douchie combination of tattoos and a pair of Beats headphones.
This place is awesome! Great for vegetarians. HUGE selection! Staff was very friendly. Super fast. And if you are not a vegetarian don't trip. They got your back too! They have hot meals too. Try the shitake mushroom roll. Its amazing.
Service wasn't great. Food was ok, but not worth coming back. They did have a variety which was nice, but again my first and last time, bonito michoacan is much better.
Probably the best show we've seen so far! It's really worth it, nice theater built especially for this and the show is amazing! Try to not seat in the first 3 rows, you'll get wet. You can get drinks and popcorn, but they are pretty expensive.
The \"welcome to Las Vegas\" sign is classic and for some reason a must see when you go to Vegas.  It's iconic and worth a quick trip to get your picture taken.
Hooray! Video game music books!
Very good buffet.  Lots of selection and everything is fresh and refilled often. Good after church spot or feeding alot of family in town on a budget spot.  Waiter and Waitresses are prompt and friendly.
I go to Casino Royale for craps.  $5 minimum with 100x odds.  I don't bet anywhere near 100x odds, but I have seen people put down 100x.  Central location on the Strip is very convenient.  Otherwise, its very dingy and full of chain smokers.
This Mexican restaurant is just ok. I think for the price, the portions are pretty small. Got the chicken fajitas and there wasn't much chicken. Chips and salsa are pretty good, but I wouldn't recommend overall. Much better choices close by.
If I could give this airline negative points I would. $40 for a carry on?!?! What a joke. Both flights I took the planes were dirty and the staff we jerks. Never again
This buffet had already dropped off since my last visit. Had both breakfast and dinner this time. Artisan sausages and hash browns were gone. Sliders gone. Lamb chops at dinner were pretty good. Aria is just a little bit better.
Another hole in a wall place. The menu is straight forward. The food is really good! The portions are large.very satisfied with this place.
I read all the previous reviews and almost didn't come. What a mistake that would have been. This place is really a gem!\n\nThe food is top notch and service was awesome! The view from the deck is incredible. The entire experience was great. We will definitely be back!
At lunch time in this area, parking sucks. Staff are friendly. Food is nice and spicy. Tastes really good though, so I get heartburn later. Prices are average for a sit down meal.
Prepare to wait two hours for mediocre cuisine.  Go somewhere else.
So Disappointed. Don't know what happen but the quality of food has gone down dramatically!  Hate to say it but this is the last time I'm eating here. It used to be one of my fave buffet and it doesn't even deserve the 2 stars for the price of $42.99
So convenience next to the Venetian!
Really average food in buffet for lunch. It was a good selection but food was a little less than I would expect.
I want to give three and a half stars. Food was okay nice salad bar wonderful service. Comfortable very cute place for a family meal in old Montreal .
The combination of both beer and wings from hooters makes me sick in the morning I continue to eat there for years. As always the servers fake like they care but that don't bother me as long as a get good service and I do. Plus they are easy on the eyes.
This is one of the best brazilian steakhouse places i have been. They have an amazing salad bar and the appetizers are delightful!\nIt is pricey but definitely recommended for a special ocassion.
Great little hole-in-the-wall/local Mexican restaurant.\n\nGood selection of adult beverages (beers only; wish I could've had a margarita).\n\nTons of food on every plate.\n\nEXCELLENT salsa.
My wife and I always come here Wednesday after Bikram Yoga. This place is awesome. I always get the chicken Moroccan sandwich...it never disappoints! And a bowl of whatever the soup of the day is...always different. I highly recommend Baguette Cafe for a nice light yet filling lunch.
I've known Jeff and his creation most of my adult life...fantastic use of the grill-a true representation of the iconic burger/bar combination...I have traveled the world and found no equal.  Thank you Jeff for a little American dream with fries!
Our favorite local grocery store. Always clean and will have whatever you need. The only problem we see is every now and then the produce is a little past ripe. Great flower shop with very helpful florist.
Awesome customer service. Quick yet detailed repair in just 15 mins. Would highly recommend to anyone in need of affordable iPhone screen repair.
This place is so amazing!!! First time eating here and we will definitely be regular customers! Everything we ordered was so flavorful and fantastic!!
Big fan of this property.  Either valet car or park in garage across the street. Check in desk is very friendly.  Several good restaurants on premises and there is a bagel shop and Starbucks attached as well.
Have to give this place five stars.  Menu is great, value is great but the cook Jose is the best.  Great customer service, really knows how to treat a customer.  He gave me a sample of the Greek fries yesterday and they are out-of-this-world good!
Went back to Volvo Am I for a maintenance check, and the second visit was as positive as the first.  Volvo Am I Fane
Good place.  Staff was friendly, rooms were a good size.  Pool was big.  Went with a group of vegans and they got us soymilk for breakfast, which was real nice.  Easy highway access, and a fast trip to stuff on the isthmus.  \n\nWould stay here again
We stayed at the Palazzo next door but had great fun wandering through the shops and marveling at the murals and canals. There were a couple of pigeons inside - part of the decor, or were they disoriented by the clouds on the ceiling??
Came for extractions - came out with foot massage -not sure what was the facial about :/ not worth the money
I love the Kung Pao with chicken. The Fried Rice with Chicken is excellent too. The food is excellent. Decent sized portions too. Once of my favorite places to eat.
The salad and pizza were very good, but NOT worth a 3 hour wait. Really. Heard good things, tried it once, won't be back.
Food is excellent there.  I LOVE the beef chow fun.  One of the best in town.  Staffs are friendly and quite speedy when place an order.  Sometime I bring friends and families there for lunch or dinner.  I would recommend this place to Chinese Food lover.
Always late and no matter what, discourteous. Their wifi is not even working half of the time. I'll try Amtrak which seems to have much better reviews. I had too many bad bus rides.
Not a thrift store. A consignment store made for middle aged women who have a bad sense of style. Yuck.
One of the worst macys i visited. Its chaos here, also the men section is too small, its all for women
I Have been there several Times when they first opened the food was good and nice portion for the money went back a couple days ago and the portion size has been cut in half and they must have a new chef because the food tasted Completely different if they want to stay open they have to be consistent
I hate this place, only reason I'm here is because my roommate wanted to go here because he is from Arkansas and it is a novelty to him. Only reason it has one star is because yelp doesn't allow me to give zero stars.
This place has the best sandwich I have ever had. The service was one of the best i have also ever had. Not to often you get the cook that would step out from around the kitchen to check on the customers to see how the food turned out and if you liked it. This place gets a 10 for service and food.
dirty, don't touch anything!
I came in on a Wednesday night to watch the suns game and boy is this place depressing. Super slow service, the bar tender was more concerned about gossiping with coworkers. I waited ages for an appetizer. This place used to be good wtf happened?
Ashley and Gwen are the best! I always look forward to getting my hair done and I always leave impressed. Ashley is an amazing colorist and stylist. She is hilarious and a blast to be around. This salon is a jewel!
Great variety - good for families - perfect Fried Chicken!
All I have to say is chips, bean dip, and salsa! These and a Dr. Pepper make me the happiest girl in the United States. \n\nService is iffy, but I don't even care... The food is terrific!
I've been coming to this place for a couple of months now. Not only is the customer service awesome but the staff is very knowledgable. I have noticed a huge difference in my body and energy level. If you are looking to take the next step in looking and feeling great...THIS is the right place!!!
Overly crowded club, we paid $50 to get in per person and we were not allowed on the dance floor because it was to crowded. So refund us please!! I'll go to somewhere else next time I'm in Vegas.
One of my favorite Asian franchise restaurants. The prices are very reasonable and the serving size is very good for the price. The only negative thing I can report is I love the pad Thai and Mongolian beef dishes so much I can't force myself to try any other dishes. I normally rotate between the two dishes and grab a side of combo fried rice.
Not impressed\nJust ok. Was expecting mouth melting steaks, and all I got was an outrageous check.
Came here last week me and the BF craving custard and Italian Ice. The location is nice and convenient, service was great everyone was nice, but the Italian Ice was way too sweet and same with the custard we had only a couple bites and threw it out. Kind of waste of money. I wanted to enjoy it : /
Pretty standard stuff. I've transferred flights here a bazillion times, and walked through it like, once.
This place sets the bar for fast Hawaiian bbq. Everything I have tried has been good to excellent. I love their mac salad and chicken teryaki, its the best at any Hawaiian bbq places I have tried. \n\nNote: they offer call ahead take out orders which is fantastic for busy professionals.
Food was cooked well and the service was fast and good.  It was not very busy for a Thursday night so we were able to get in and out while still enjoying our meal.
Overpriced. Tiny dishes.. Food was cold. Avoid at all costs.
Root beer icy.  'Nuff said.
Cheeseburger sliders were.. aight. Not worth it for the price. \n\nService was friendly.
This studio is fantastic! Virginia is so knowledgeable and has an amazing group of instructors.
Sandwiches were not very good at all. For the price they charge I would expect something better than Subway. But Subway beat them. Really disappointed.
It's was ok! I thought the reputation of the hotel would hold up in the buffet but it didn't . It was a step above hometown buffet. Pricey for what is it.
went agian this past weekend... for brunch its $27, with the champagne or bloody mary its only $5 more. worth the money!\n\nalso, this time, we were able to conquer and try all the desserts. :P
I came here after reading good reviews and I was pleasantly surprised with the high level of professionalism. The environment and ambiance of the salon is very beautiful. Diane did my nails and she had been doing nails for over 20 years. She is very professional and clean. I will definitely be back,
The salad bar is absolutely amazing.  For a light lunch, it's 20 dollars, and worth every penny!
crappy food and crappy service
This is a great local place for the neighborhood. There aren't many general shops or convenience stores within walking distance, so Rolliers is my go-to store. Their employees (beyond the local teens at the registers) are very friendly and knowledgeable. I've never had any problems finding plumbing, storage, or cleaning supplies.
Just Vapin is a phenomenal place. The service is absolutely incredible with friendly, kind, and generous staff. There is a wide selection of e-juice, and I always make it a point to try a new one each visit.
Friendly staff, fair price, nice environment. I tasted the triple chocolate, key lime and vanilla, they were very good! I just wish they had more flavor options!\nIt looks like they have a set of different options from time to time though.
I love the food.  I love the ambience.  I love George.  I love the prices.  I don't like waiting so long to get my meal.  10 min to order and another 30 minutes for the food to arrive.  40 to 45 minutes from being seated to eating is too long.
This place was gross and depressing.  We live nearby, but I will avoid ever going back.  We went to Taco Tuesday and were greeted with horrible service and even worse food.  I did not come here expecting anything nice or classy, so even with low expectations I left feeling slightly down and depressed from this sad place.
How can you enjoy anything in this arena knowing US Airways brings so much frustration and misery to people around the country? This airline is the worst out there, consistently underserving customers, leaving people stranded, delivering the absolute lowest level of service. It's a shadow hanging over every Suns game.
They have really good hot and sour soup! Very good value for your money.  I asked if they could make tofu with vegetables, which wasn't on the menu, and it was also very good.  Also, good orange chicken!  Rama Rama ding dong
Excellent food! Ahi tuna cones and white ceviche were amazing, so was the rib eye. Great service too!
When you walk in you dont know if you set your self or order at the register. Terrible service
I like coming here. The food is great (and authentic). Drinks are awesome. Service can be hit or miss at times, but if you're not in a rush it's ok. However, the last few times here the service has been great. So hopefully they are improving in that area.
Went in today for a bagel an cream cheese. I used to always get a sun dried tomato bagel and today I found out it's discontinued. :( I will not be coming back anymore.
This place has everything you cancer lovers need. Plus, no sales tax. Aww yeeahh.
It's a Sbarro so if you're expecting great, or even good, Italian food you're WAY off. However if your expectations are in line, this version of the chain delivers their food quickly and from a friendly counter staff.  Seriously.. In an airport anything more than that is probably deserving of 5 stars!
The ice cream we settled on was good...but some of the flavors were so strong and did not taste very good at all. So get lots of samples.
Very tasty tacos but Los Taquitos is better.
Affordable & good in taste.\nDidn't like that the cookies had sugar sprayed all across that kind of killed them for me.
Did not have a good experience there at all. Seemed good from the reviews, but food was bland and all the staff looked like they wanted to be somewhere else. Atmosphere cold as Ice. Much better places elsewhere.
Elaine is absolutely amazing at what she does...I'm always impressed with my nail art, and my nails never lift or break!!! Elaine has been doing my nails for a while now, and as long as she's in business, she's the only one I'll ever go to.
Sooo yummy!  The portion sizes were huge.  Definitely consider sharing.  Not too impressed with the $2.50 sharing fee though.  Overall, food was excellent quality everything was delicious.
Had a horrible experience last night. They had a Halloween costume party on one side  and Bollywood night on the other. The security seeing we were desi's asked us to go to the other side. Will never return.
I love this place and now there will be one closer to me in Centennial Hills! I am pregnant and have a hard time running after an energetic 2 year old. With Child's Play, I do not have to worry about my toddler running off and when the baby comes I can take the 2 yr old to play regardless of the temperature outside.
Just finished my chicken enchiladas with the green sauce. Ive  eaten here a few times now and am not impressed. The chicken was dry and the green sauce was almost non existent.  The portions were small for a Mexican place. They have a dj on Sundays and this guy might have been the worst.
Nice looking in the inside but the menu and food are not good. It needs more healthy options. I hate to see this place fail because of the food.
Heard great things about this place but unfortunately my experience was average. \n\nI had the club sandwich which was lacking in any real flavor. The service, atmosphere, outdoor seating was all just ok. \n\nIt's a pity but I'm unlikely to return.
Probably the worst cheese steak that I ever had. The meat quality was so poor. There were hard pieces of fat in the meat. Simply disgusting.
Miss Moe't is no longer a t this salon. her contact number is 708-227-0291. The pictures on here that was done by her are the braids and 27pc overlay. 8 pictures are of her work. Trust me when I say no one there could give you what you are looking for in the picture.
Basic burger and onion rings were good not great. Decent meal if you're at the Mirage but otherwise I'd look for another option if I was inclined to go elsewhere.
I had my 3 month old Acura finally repaired from the hail damage it received in October.  Guy was awesome to deal with and my car was done in less time than I was told. and looks as good as when it came off the showroom floor.  I highly recommend going here than to Van's or Danny's.
What a great experience.  I have been there 2 or 3 times, and had an excellent meal and a great evening every time.  Exceptionally good staff, very knowledgeable, welcoming, polite and professional.  Excellent menu.  Very attractive decor.
Good food, good service and great game. Being from Boston I am a little bias towards a bar that let's me watch the Sox game when I am 1000 miles from home.  At first we where dissapointed in the lack of interest in the game, but by the end there was a decent amount of the crowd following the game.
Great crepes and fantastic artisan coffee!  The lunch menu looks fantastic and very nice cafe atmosphere.  Staff were very nice, service was great, and there is a really comfortable seating are with free wifi.  Can't wait to go back and try more especially since they are open early and stay open until 9 or 9:30 for dinner!
Awesome food, crazy low prices, and their sushimi is incredible!\n\nWould recommend to anyone.
This place is pretty sweet. Great atmosphere, good selection of music. Good tap beers. Old movies on roll, nice chill bar.
We used to live by this restaurant and ate there often.  It was our favorite sushi restaurant!  If anyone knows where that sushi chef went, please let me know.  We miss it!!!!
You can't beat the of the view of the city! Great customer service and the food is out of this world. I highly recommend the scallops and pork belly as a starter.
I order Charlotte wall size maps from this store every year and appreciate the updates they always have. Prices are reasonable, and the store is full f maps for any age...check it out
Don't go,  between the cost of the tickets and paying for parking.   It's more like walking through a movie set.   Not scary at all.   Save your money!
I love crawfish and I was so disappointed coming here. The crawfish was so small I can barely get any meat out. We also had oyster the size of a quarter. Will I come back? No. I rather go to razzoo's Cajun cafe.
Our dogs love it here!  They always have them groomed within a couple of hours and call right away.  Prices are reasonable and service is excellent!
Clean place, nice customer service. I love the tacos al pastor and the milanesa torta, the bread they use is so fresh, this is a must try!
Me and a friend came here after dinner at the Pink Pony to have a drink and people watch. Great service and a pretty center bar to relax. I'd like to come back for dinner here.*
Expensive!!! 70$ for a men's haircut is crazy! \n\nThe haircut looks nice, but nothing special.. \n\nThe woman cut my boyfriends lip while trimming his beard. \n\nDo NOT recommend.
Best Thai Food in Town...hands down!!  :)
Went To Shoot On The Range One Day, It Was A Great Experience For A First Time On A Range. The Customer Service Was Excellent.
the hummus was meh, but the gyro was good.
The kentucky bone in steak is the best.  Ive tried all the steaks you have to try it.\n\nThe drinks are kind of expensive. \n\nThe tuna is just alright but there breads are great. \n\nGive them a shot great steak.
This was one of my favorite Sushi places to date.  You have to be \"in the know\" & ask for the \"underground sushi menu\", the one that doesn't exist!  The service can be a bit slow, the but the staff is friendly.
Usually the first thing I say when I walk into Monday's is \"God damn it!  Why am I at Monday's?\"  I hate this place.  Way too crowded.  Shitty music.  No atmosphere.  Stay the hell away.
It's a record store. One of the only in Las Vegas. \nIf I ever pair for media, I'l likely buy it here.
Clean. Machines well managed. Friendly staff. Downside is it isn't a 24 hour laundromat. Location is within a reasonable distance from home.
Kind of a dark and moody vibe/atmosphere if you're into that. The espresso is smooth and dark, definitely nicer than Starbucks.
Superb service and reliably fine food from this family owned restaurant. Briskly busy at lunchtime, relaxed at night, always comfortable. A pleasure!
i know its a fast food chain restaurant, but normally the food is pretty decent but when i went to this one, service was very slow and the food was so so. I do not think i will be coming back here again.
Friendly staff, quick drive through. Normal products for Starbucks ...getting a little pricy since the price hike. If you register and refil your gift card you can earn rewards.
$3.85 for a glass of iced tea? You've gotta be kiddin!
On time to pick me up, and arrived at PHX with plenty of time to catch my flight. \n\nSimple and easy.
I wasn't impressed. I got carded. Really? I'm 37 and have visible gray. I'd rather go next door to Seamus'.
Worst customer service in existence!   It's kinda funny to see this in this day and age.   But,  if of don't mind the attitude the food is good.
Everyone was very friendly! Great customer service. :) Great, clean, and awesome staff!
I previously reviewed this restaurant with 5/5 stars. I went back and the burger I had before was very subpar. The shakes were still good!
I've been here maybe 5x over the year I've been in Vegas.  Love the atmosphere and outside tables but after living in Portland, OR - the coffee really is overpriced and nothing special. Takes awhile to get coffee. Place is more about atmosphere than coffee that just amazes.
They were great! They came to my house to replace my iPhone glass that day, and they completed the replacement in about 10 minutes. Very friendly and good service, will definitely recommend to my friends.
Nice venue. Much smaller than expected. Nice and safe self parking. Would like to visit outdoor stage next spring. Saw Wicked - loved it!
This is definitely a hidden little gem at Harrah's.  I am so glad I found this spot through yelp and was not disappointed with the green tea, soy milk, and mochi selection.
Went in thinking it was the usual Pei Wei, big mistake. The food was close but no cigar. Not sure what they were thinking...
Kristin did my makeup and for my wedding at Mandalay Bay (in my suite) and did an amazing job! Exactly what I asked for and was reasonably priced. She also did two of my bridesmaid's hair and they looked fabulous. Highly recommend her for weddings!
This place is terrible. Bad service, our waiter went MIA several times during our 2 hour dinner on Friday night.  Our food was cold, the past was way undercooked.  The pizza  was also cold, very skimpy on toppings, no sauce. Tasted like a dry cracker.  Nobody in our party of 6 liked this place.
How can you not like this place?  Sure taco Tuesday can be crazy, but how can it not be for that kind of deal? Bartenders are attentive and always ready with a suggestion and a cold beer. Definitely check it out.
Incredible. Best steak I've had anywhere. Great wedge salad. Desserts phenomenal. Service impeccable. Get a booth if you can with the tall backs and round table. Also, John the server provides remarkable service (as does the rest of the staff).
Seriously this place needs to hire more people, or train their employees to move quicker. Order 2 drinks and had to wait for 30 mins. They need to learn a new way to run this shop
I went in the other day for a burger and was not impressed. While i'm still a fan I will stick with the Italian beefs. Five Guys makes a much better burger, in my opinion.
Even tho there are empty seats they will not seat you forcing you the bar to spend more $$. They don't care so stay away now !!
If I love this place that means you'll love it too!
This place us a total gem! We came here with a group of guys and were looking for a good place to go smoke some cigars. This is awesome! Great selection, great drinks, great service, wonderful bartender, and live music. Get over here!
I have had Leo clean my carpets twice now and both times he did an excellent job.  Shows up on time and works hard!  The carpets looked new and smelled fresh!  He has two prices...single story and two story (which includes steps) and the price can't be beat!
The Red Hawk is a locals bar that is good for gamers during the day and for the partier at night.  Come as you are, casual.  Great food and great people.
Excellent Vegetarian food at the price of fast food. Try the amazing and ridiculously low priced tag take away samosas
This place. I've tried to give them so many chances. Such a convenient location. But their drive thru takes at least 15 minutes each time. Very inconvenient.
Welcome to Vegas.\nEnter and leave the same way.\n\"Give us your money.\"
Beer was good, decor was typical Irishy-pubby. Food was alright. How was you mess up a pour of Guinness?
Very good experience overall.  Fast, friendly service.  Knowledgeable order taker and smoothie was good.\n\nKeeping it from a 5 star was the lack of a clear choice of a low carb or low sugar smoothie - menu nutritionals are confusing.
The burgers are great, but kind of expensive.
Little hidden gem! Great sandwich \"Vermonter\" was the right balance of sweet and savory. The split pea soup was great tasting! Would recommend this place to any sandwich connoisseur!
The prices are cheap, portions plentiful, and service quick. Pho So 1 has a large menu that will surely appease all members of your dining party. I stop by any time I want a quick bite. My favorites are the rice plates and seafood soup with thick clear noodles.
Love this place!!! Never disappoints. Beautiful atmosphere and delicious food!\n\nThe pretzel fondue appetizer is the best ever!!!
Service and Food are excellent here. The oyster selection was great, and food was prepared perfectly.
This place is amazing !!!! If you live in vegas you gotta come here at least once it is so cool and amazing. Great service and great food.
I think this hotel is awesome and had the most comfortable beds. You get coupons well we did when we stayed and I really liked that. I thought it was really a great hotel because it has more to offer than just a casino. It was clean
Excellent pizza. Excellent service. Excellent ambiance.\n\nIf you have a little leisure time - and it's not too hot out - sit on the patio. You may even find a little bit of romance there.
Not a good place to eat at! The girl wrapping the burritos looked like she wanted to get out of there. Ingredients were not fresh, rice was burnt and the finished product didn't taste good at all. Avoid this place if you could.
The food was absolutely amazing here.  No wait, cute atmosphere and the prices were good.  Forget those high priced buffets when you can eat here!  Service was great!
I had a pretty generic breakfast wrap (burrito) and a super delicious glass of fresh orange and carrot juice. My fiancee got a fresh watermelon juice, which was so well chilled and perfectly sweet that he has made me return several times since just to quell his cravings!
Had Chicken Fingers with Fries. I felt like I was eating grease on grease on grease. I should've went to Raising Canes, end of story.
\"New York New York\" isn't quite the class act it was a few years ago, but it's hard to get bored here. The food, the shows, the $10 gambling tables... elbows up, chin out, gut on the floor... more for slobs than Gatsbys. #maturity
Worst staff at ANY hotel, not just in Vegas...but anywhere!!! Total lack of respect by security and staff!!!! If you want to be treated like you're 12 years old.... Stay here!!!!
Tried this place a couple of times too many. It's just not that great. Pizza, salads, garlic knots... none of it stands out. Wouldn't try it again even for free. Much better places out there.
Good salads and bagels. Not friendly staff and no internet. I don't recommend the Chai latt\u00e9 nor the biscuits.
My husband and I went to Pane Bianco when we were driving through Phoenix and we absolutely loved it! Incredible food, service and decor. Pane Bianco had a very warm and friendly vibe. The bread is to die for!
This place has the best tacos and burritos! For  meat eater or vegetarians.
Great girls that will really like you for who you are! lol Less hassle, less pressure, fun girls! Ask for Johnny for booths,VIP service.
Not good.  Salad is mediocre, the pasta was cold, sauce is Very salty, whole place smells like cigarettes.  I would go anywhere else but here.   My chicken dish was worse than an airline.
This place is completely underwhelming. Service is sketchy - been there for several breakfasts and 1 in 3 waiters are actually decent.  I like the setting and the outdoor cafe feel, but other then that not much to appreciate.
We visited Bj's and was greeted by Wayne. Fantastic service, great food, great ambiance. I was too full to have desert, but I've had the Pazookie white chocolate chip is to die to die for. Great post work out lunch I always appreciate great service and food.
Great collection from Wynn and you get to hear Wynn's voice explaining each art piece.  \n\nI remember the diamond art piece (yes, an art piece made out of diamonds). \n\nIt's made my Vegas vacation more memorable than the usual gambling / clubs/ buffets.
LOVE Bison Witches. The bread bowls are where it's at. My only complaint is that I get bored with their menu. I wish they would do a special from time to time.
Poor service.....fish breading hard & just Luke warm.  Go somewhere better
Large portions, breakfast and the rest, 24hrs. Nice service moderately expensive. A New Jersey Diner transplanted on LV Blvd, but this one's in better condition.
Service takes forever! Food is inconsistent and poor. Eat down the street at chipotle or mcdonalds instead.
Incredibly overpriced, tiny portions. Won't be going back.
Delivery took an hour and I was 2 miles alway we ordered the most basics acai bowl and ahi poke and smoothies. I have worked in the industry before its a taco and granola bowl should of been 20 min tops. Should of gotten a discount. :/ dissapointed.
Don't be fooled by it's location and the looks on the inside. This place is amazing and Cheap!! I was able to feed my entire family for under twenty dollars!!!
stay away tried again with the same bad service sat for over 25 mins and no service had to walk out
Had a fun time here at Dottsy's UYE here.  Good cheap beer and burgers, on a Monday, and friendly service.
If you like but they said they did buffet but it's still a buffet. My recommendation is to get the Mongolian Grill noodles they customize it and it takes away some of the buffet effects
Muy buena comida y buen servicio, sobre todo el chilli verde the best in town.y adem\u00e1s los mariscos son estilo Sinaloa, los camarones aguachile est\u00e1n muy buenos.
I love Thai food.  The food here is okay, the price is too much for the portions at lunch.  I told him I did not want it too spicy, he did not add any seasonings.  I may go back just not on my dime.
Awesome, awesome, awesome!  Three coworkers and myself went here after a day of meetings and they got us all right in and they were all terrific!  Each of us had a great massage!  Highly recommend this place!!
Nice French like restaurant with decent vegetarische options - I was a traveler but nevertheless always love German beer wherever - the place is right by the Ettlingen train station so a bit hard to find.
Great shop, been coming here for years. I don't trust any other shop in Vegas. Definitely recommend making an appointment before you come.
This place was really good but it didn't amaze me or anything. The pizza was good but pizza is always good to me. You definitely get what you pay for though! I ate four garlic knots, only one piece of pizza and a cannoli and I was crazy full!
Rude, disgusting service, Ive over 250,000 miles with American. Never flying usairways again.
Restaurant was visually awesome.  Daughter and I ordered three dim sum dishes; steamed pork bun, shrimp on cloud and pork soup dumpling.  We enjoyed all three and two boba teas for the road. Cost of food was not too bad for location.  Casual dress seemed to be fine.
I went for lunch. Got the lemon chicken lunch special. It was a panko breaded butterflied breast with a lemon sauce that tasted like it came right out of a lemon pie. The fried rice was tasteless. The soup was the consistency of mucus. One bite of everything and I walked out without paying my check.
Ok... Nothing special. Burgers were way overlooked. Charged me for a shake, didn't bring it, charged me again, found my original receipt, asked for money back, was told it would be easier to just give me another one. Thankfully someone in our group wanted one!  Nice staff. Good chili cheese fries.
I would give it five stars if they had shade for the line and someplace to sit.  Love love love the red velvet with ice cream.
This sounds clich\u00e9, but here goes.. Best Gelato in the Valley! I've had a coffee and a sandwich here as well and it was good. This is a fine selection of gelato that appears to be made by Italians.
Not happy with you joes. Don't bring correct order and don't offer to correct mistake.
Nice staff but I feel like I'm being squeezed  into a little box very small restaurant for the amount of traffic
The crispy duck was outstanding, service was perfect. Our waiter offered suggestions when we asked and his recommendations were right on each time. The vanilla bean cheesecake was simply awesome.
It would be cool if the waiters menu tablets signalized with the call buttons, creates a bit of lag waiting for them if they're not around or see your light right away. Otherwise convenient, comfortable and decent menu. Mac and cheese, chicken tenders, etc., and bottomless popcorn!
I love this place so much. The oils an vinegars are amazing and will do magical things to your cooking. The fact you can do tastings of everything is awesomr.
Great little place, kind of hiiden, but totally worth looking for. Daniel gives an awesome massage and i will return again and again. You can't beat the price.
Wow! If you are ever in Florence Arizona or just passing thru, this place is definitely worth the stop. Great thin crust pizza! I didn't get a chance to try their desserts but I will next time for sure.
This was the worst food. The food was cold. The chips old. My wife and I ordered Cheese Enchiladas. And guess what, no beans no rice. That was extra. I also got ice tea. The bill was $40.00. Really.... Not worth it. Go someplace better.
Love the atmosphere. The chicken alfredo is by far the greatest in town! AMAZING!
Kinda disappointing! I wasn't having a high expectation in the first place but still... Its kinda ghetto and the ceilings were not done. Valet waiting room is a joke. Enough said! Why were they in a rush opening again?
Always loved Los Dos but not so much this time.   Waited to be seated for 5 min for a table for 2 with many open tables available.    Seated for a while before our waiter came.  Food was average, not great, warm, not hot.    Also found it interesting that an 18% gratuity was added to our bill.
Best Mexican food within walking distance of campus. Screw Chipotle, this place is 1000x better. The steak tacos are amazing and 2 bucks a pop. The tostadas never disappoint. This is probably the best mexican food outside of mexico/california that I've ever had.
Thanks, great deals! Great customer service!
Lots of screens makes it a great place to watch sports.  Food is a notch above standard bar fare.  The consistency is lacking tho.  One day great burger.  Next day dry bun burger.
The service was utterly awful and the food wasn't much better.
A beautiful vista.
Casual atmosphere, good sandwiches and wraps, beers on tap, and low prices.
Be sure to goto the one in planet hollywood, the new one in the IP kinda sucks. this is always a stop for me each and every Vegas trip. I love their drinks, it's well worth the price, they're always tasty and pack a good punch
Amazing coffee and pastries. Good studying environment. Free wifi, with a good strong signal!
There's construction going on out front.  This casino still has the feel of what Vegas casinos looked and felt like before the fancier ones were constructed.  Low ceilings and somewhat gaudy.  Smoky like heck.
Great for a casual happy hour with 1-3 others because the wine is good and the food on hh is excellent, but the service is way too inexperienced and often, I would like to believe unintentionally, rude for a pleasant dinner.
The food here is good.  The curry plates are especially delicious.   Too bad the service is so stand-offish.  I've been here close to 10 times and every single time I've left thinking I should have just gone to Thai Hut a mile away instead, based solely on the long wait and inattentive staff.
Anything free is alright with me, especially in Vegas! This show is alright, although the volcano flames get so hot you can feel it.
Pretty much your run of the mill froyo place.  Love the convenience to Lawrenceville.  I feel like the toppings are okay, but sometime the fruit looks a little mehh.... I prefer the froyo place on Walnut St in Shadyside.
Lunch buffet until 2.30pm.
Another triple D place. Very unique and pretty good. They let you sample everything before you order. Food is hot and service is quick. Lots of people in line. You need to at least give it a try.
High prices, bad neighbourhood. Food tastes good. But with the money i spent, could of want to the buffet instead....
Delicious pizza and courteous staff !! Ordered and enjoyed some pizza and wings... I will order again and their prices are great as well
One would think that on any given day at 8am, when going to a coffee shop, there would actually be coffee. And when one asks for coffee, it does not mean an Americano. It, um, means coffee. I don't normally mock ones intelligence, but..actually I do mock, she was a moron.
Laid back coffee shop with friendly staff, reasonable prices, and great coffee! What more can you ask for?
Toffee is great but too expensive!  The prices sky rocketed with the publicity and they  took advantage of it.  Now, it's just too expensive to buy!
Not bad. clean, not busy. Food was as good as McDonald's gets. The only bad thing is that the employees were yelling and fighting in the back. Kinda funny but really unprofessional considering the age of them and that the manager was standing there laughing at them.
Some people don't really like it but who cares I had fun lol
This is my goto Best Buy.  The only reason I'm making this a 4 is because of Heather at the Best Buy Mobile kiosk.  She provides super customer service.
Great service and \"reasonable\" prices.  They can sometimes take a long time to get stuff done, but for the most part they are all super friendly and ALWAYS do a great job!
The food is amazing but when it comes to seating it's ridiculous. They're so precise about all of your party being here I couldn't believe it. It's so inconvenient. I only had one person missing because she was parking and the lady almost didn't want to sit us. Terrible.
barely empty on a Saturday night. $10 cover in vegas is alright I guess,just went there for some hookah n drinks. Hookah is pretty decent\n\n\npregaming here is cool but not the best spot  if you wana dance and have fun.
Currently they are rebuilding the whole station. I am looking forward to seeing it fully done. The place is massive. Alight here for trains to.. well anywhere. I recommend the sleeper to London! The place has a victorian feel and I get all nostalgic to past times and steam engines when in this place.
This bar is fine if you're staying here but it's nothing to seek out if you're at another hotel. Cocktails are good and there always seems to be ample seating at the bar.
For a chain type place the ribs are unbelievable!!!! My advice is to order them with just a dry rub and then use which ever sauce u like best (habanero is real good if you like spicy stuff) as a dipping sauce.
Slooooooow! 1 person taking orders and 1 person on the grill while being the only place open for food at LVH late night....#Fail
The food ? Meh! Not good. Expensive ? Yeah! There's much better Thai food in town. Don't go.
Bookmans is all great.
The service is ridiculously  bad. I will never come to this place ever again. The food is alright
I'm going to have to call this course \"LongRound\" from now on.  No excuse for a near five hour round.  There was a ranger, but he just was a sightseer.
We just tried Rkidds for the first time tonight. We just didn't want Pizza Hut-again!!! We ordered a pep pizza, Supreme Stromboli, Greek salad Boneless wings and an order of  Zeppoles. We thought everything tasted great and we will order again.
I got a comp. dinner there for my birthday. The salad bar is outstanding. Then  they bring a variiety of meats to your table to sample small portions. It's a great way to try several things.
Pricey, but so very nice. Nice amenities, fun and lively casino. GREAT rooms.
Heard good things from different people about the Cuban sandwiches here. Never tried a Cuban sandwich before, so why not have my first at King Ranch.  Finally had the chance to try them and they did not please me at all. Hopefully my next Cuban sandwich fix will be better than here. Not worth the price and I could have made something better at home.
I always get the pho and the spring rolls.  I've been there several times and have yet to venture to a different part of the menu because my usual order is just that good.  The best spring rolls around, and the food is pretty affordable as well compared to the other ethnic food places in the area.
I enjoy eating here every time, the service is really sharp and prompt, food is good  and  I can take a large group and they are never rattled. \nIf you like BBQ and want t a great sit down place here it is! Perfect for taking Mom and Dad..
Ate their brisket last night.  It wasn't good at all.  Restaurant was pretty dead.  I'm surprised the rating is so high.
this place is super fire, I like this pizza better than the one next door which is also great.  its a must try.
Yum-yum. Not only are the brothers entertaining and fun to meet but their food is absolutely delicious. Thank goodness they have a winter home...i will be there in a heartbeat.
I have seen many food show on the Primati famous sandwich, so it was a must try while I was in Pittsburgh. I was not disappoint. I would come back the next time I am in Pittsburgh.
Excellent seafood! This was a recommendation from the hotel I stayed at on a business trip to Montreal. I had the black bass, which was grilled over pur\u00e9e  squash and seasoned veggies. The atmosphere was fantastic, and the place was very busy, even on a Tuesday night.
I think this place is not bad to shop. It is easy to find whatever you're looking for and they have good customer service., they help me really fast .
Feel like i am being way generous for the 2 star, definitely very disappointing, how is it only half a star away compare to wynn? Omg!! Yes, lots of different food. Yes. It was moderately expensive. No. The food, did not taste good... =(
Excellent fresh juices, great sandwiches and salads. Slow, lazy service that forgets orders until you remind them. Not the spot to go when in a rush, but still great food and drinks. Coffee is above average but not incredible.
Very good turkey reuben and smoked turkey panini.  I tried both, preferred the reuben.  They have good quality ingredients, and they give you free ice cream.  Also, we had great service.
Great coffee, baked goods to drool over, not  to mention the family owned establishment has the best service with a friendly smile.  My children love the Gelato and I adore the Iced Chai Tea Latte... YUMMO!
Service was terrible.  Place was half full and waitress told us she couldn't take our order.  I had a BLT and my son had a club sandwich.  We both got sick (throwing up) 2 hours after we are there.  Very disappointing.
For hotel buffets, this is one of the best I've had in Las Vegas!  Good selection and the quality seemed to be up there!  Moderately priced at $30.00. The desserts were very good as well as the tri-tip roast.  Service was very friendly.
Friendly, clean, comfortable room, good coffee at breakfast.  Very convenient to Town Square and Outlet Mall shopping if you've got a rental car.
Moved here from Hawaii and are so happy we found this company.  They transformed our rooms to exactly what we wanted!  The workmanship was phenomenal!  They were also pleasing to work with.
Rice too hard to eat, fish okay. Will not come back next time.
Owners are snobby, hairstylists the same... heavily overrated. Have been visiting once in a while... There comes time when the reputation stops playing its role as an attractor for new visitors, and time when management needs to reconsider how to provide -quality- service!
Nice hole-in-the wall style sports bar, although bigger than most hole-in-the wall type places. Good beer selection. I did not eat there.
The pies are the best. Hit and miss with the fruit and vegetables. Stick with the pies and you are safe.
Persian room special is a great value!!! $39.99
There's nothing special about Nathan's Famous Hot Dogs.  I had the loaded chili dog; took a bite and thought, \"That's it?!\"  Now I know to just keep walking on past and find a burger joint instead.
The Duck Confit Hash was excellent, even though I've found that duck is not my prime choice of meat for breakfast! \n\nIt is a little pricier than other breakfast spots and very tough for a group to find seating but they know how to do breakfast right!
Do your hair a favor and go see Lauren.
I remember liking Panda Express more when I lived in Cali... I guess not! The food was fresh but mediocre at best! The place was clean and the workers seemed very nice. Nuff said, lets move on...
There was no refill. Server was distant and innattentive. Food was burned and when we asked to address an issue we waited for 30 minutes before we left because no one came manager was too busy standing at the bar.
This is absolutely the best pizza I've ever had. We ordered 2 different pizzas and the Stromboli. The Stromboli is out of this world!!
A far cry from the South Scottsdale location. The wings I ordered were ice cold! when I brought them back to the counter, the lady said nothing and threw them into a microwave. I kid you not! If you want good wings, try another location. PROS : I didn't get e-coli.
Love this park! It's about a 5 minute walk from us and we love to take our pup here. The park Is taken care of very well and is pretty large for a park in a community
I had been a couple of times in the past, but today's visit was horrible.. I won't be returning.  Food wasn't that good.  Comparable to a mediocre buffet like Railroad Pass..
Went there, had a coffee that tasted little better than instant coffee and a mocha that was quite lackluster. This place simply is not very good.
Food is mediochre at best. Service is slow even by geologic time. The micro brew is typical and unimaginitive. On the good side the patio is dog friendly. One star just for that.
Service was disorganized and extremely slow. They made up for it with free drinks and ice cream, but we were left with a bad taste in out moths mouth when the manager insulted me to my face and proceeded to talk about inappropriate things on the way out of the restaurant. I won't be going back here.
We usually sit at the bar and order up tapas and drinks.  The bartender never missed a  chance to mix us up a mean cocktail of his own creation.  The food is good and priced right.  The atmosphere is also wonderful, and very unique.  They also serve brunch, which is great!
Fantastic food across the board. For the brave, order your food \"Thai hot\", if you like spicy you're in for a treat. Highly recommended.
Never did pay us the money they owed us for our fundraiser and karma finally caught up with them. This location is CLOSED PERMANENTLY! good riddance to poor customer service and sub-par food.
Fantastic Mexican. Everything is made fresh and the owner is a great host.
Love this place! Super friendly staff, awesome food and it's very cheap! I would recommend coming here!
Really fine fusion restaurant.  We actually hadn't intended to go here, but ended up there after dropping friends off.  Our meal was excellent, as was our sushi.  The staff was incredible, and really made our experience there a night to remember.  Might have given it five stars, except I'm not wild about the cuisine.
As good as Vegas gets!
This is for the JC at the Venetian. I like their service. Bought a Ramona and a pair of flats. Speedy, just like I needed it. Bought it right before departure time (+time needed to go to the airport!).
Went here based on the reviews and was not impressed at all!  They definitely are busy, but not my style.\n\nNot clean and not particular enough for me..\n\nWon't be back
Rude manager, her name is Kara. Report her!!! If she doesnt like to work with people why is she even working there.
Most horrible I've ever had!  Over-cooked noodles, bland base and the manager/owner happened to stop by and asked how was everything, after I told him, he walked away saying or doing nothing. \n\nOverpriced and bad food.  I am never eating there ever again.
Smack your mama good food. Found this place by accident and it was the best accident of the year. Their service isn't great, but the food.is so good you won't notice.
Avoid the prescription counter. Wonder why there is nobody there ?
Great place to have fresh tasting salads prices are a bit extreme though. Two fish tacos for $12.00 amongst a few other small portioned things. They really should have a \"HAPPY HOUR\"  Menu like the other places near by...Brio...Yard house etc...
Food is pretty good, but a little expensive.   The service is usually friendly and the restaurant is smaller, but I continue to go back anyhow.  Could be better, but definetely not bad.
Worst Customer service in the world. the lady is rude!
I went this restaurant with my Family and relatives...I think we were like 15 including the kids. \n\nI didn't enjoy the food. I have no choice since we were staying at Wynn Hotel and  since I only prefer Pinoy foods. I might as well eat rather than starve.
Love the products, but the sales people were a little snobby, Especially the heavy women with the large tattoo on her back. Hey if I am going to pay $15.00 for a small eye shadow you who maybe makes that much an hour can be a little nicer.
With all the hype on how good the butter pecan ice-cream is, we gave it a try.  It tasted just like cheap store bought ice-cream.  What a disappointment!!! The cookie was the only item that tasted any good.
Mango hefe is amazing. The beer here is super cheap and amazingly delicious! Didn't have dinner here, just drinks but the bar staff was friendly :) I will most definitely be coming back for more amazing beer :)
One word: DISGUSTING!!\n\nThe one on Maryland is wayyyy better.
I went for a regular manicure today after reading great reviews about their cleanliness. It is all true! Everything was in clean packaging and they were all very nice and professional. Great experience.
Great hangover food. Awesome ramen broth. Must also get pork belly rice when you're here. It's tasty, fatty, and simply the best. Their pork belly rice is even better than Daikokuya's! Planning to try their kimchi fried rice next time I'm back in town.
this is the last time I eat here. last time there was a dirty folded receipt in the chips. taco tuesday get chrispy taco that was only 25 percent full. first time they served enchiladas with melted cheese that sat so long the cheese was no longer melted.  they obviously dont care about the product they serve
My wife and I just love the food and atmosphere of this quaint restaurant. The service is outstanding and the live entertainment is great. It reminds us of the food we have eaten during our vacations to Uzbekistan and Russia. I would definitely recommend Kavsar to anyone.
This place is right behind my work. Great food, friendly service, clean, highly recommend it. The salsa is (spicy or mild) is vary fresh. Chips aren't greasy Lots of items to choose from. The portion sizes and price are great.
Went back a second time the night before Thanksgiving.  Continues to provide a wonderful experience for your taste buds.  Order the northern cuisine people!  Every trip to Vegas will include a trip to LoS for us.
Very cozzy atmosphere. Probably the best place to eat panini in town. Great and friendly service. The place is very small though, you are kind of feel squeezed.
Just great to have a nice moment.\n\nBroad selection of wine. Ask for Alex's advice, he is surely one of the best sommelier you will ever meet.\n\nWe will go back, no doubt about it.
I wish I had read the previous review before. This place suck !!!!! Inside was hot...gotta be 80- 90 degree. I was uncomfortable the whole dame time. The bath room stink. I can't imagine what their kitchen would look like. what a ssham
The breakfast was nothing to write home about. Overpriced since it's in the hotel, but we were starving. Good service and we didn't have to wait long for a table.
Only stayed one day but was great. Lemon water in the lobby a plus in this phx heat.
The food is good...but for the price you pay for the eggs....don't you think you could dust the lamps above the table and the counters with decor have tons of dust and above the ceiling fans too.
For me, the pho was nasty.  The chicken was disturbing.
food was ok... kind of crowded... tables are really close to each other, so there is no privacy at all...
Parking is a nightmare for visitors or if you are living with more than one person and do not have an assigned spot. Apartments are ok, but not worth what they are priced. Overall my experience with neighbors has been unfriendly and rude. Highly do not recommend moving here.
I was really looking forward to this buffet only one we went to on our week long vacation I was disappointed all the things I heard were great   It was mediocre  31 dollars a person  if this is the best buffet in Vegas I won't be eating at any other buffets in Vegas  I hate to right a bad review
Nothing bad to say...I'm not a cake person at all, but their chocolate, chocolate chip is brownie like and I could eat the frosting with a spoon...and the samples in the store are sooo cute...the buntinis are perfect for an office party...
Vegan and want pizza? Go to Brixx! They offer vegan cheese on any menu item as well as whole wheat crust on their pizzas. My pizza also tasted delicious.
Bad service, walked out before i even ordered. Smelled like bad triple sec.
Ehh. Nothing to write home about. Good service. Food just average. Unless you are a veggie loving hipster, this place is not worth the 2+ hr wait. Save yourself the trouble and disappointment and cross Butler St to Franktuary.
It's good enough for a dog park. I wish they had more mature trees because there really isn't any good shade and well we have a lot of sun here if you haven't noticed. The lake is ok, but the water is questionable to me. Has a little playground for the human kids too.
Overpriced. Corner stands have better flavor and service. Save the trouble and go somewhere else.
I didn't like my mocha.  Buyer beware that they don't take credit cards.
Location is great with the opportunity to eat outdoors if the weather co-operates while food and service were mediocre at best. Salmon was dry, potatoes were bland. I could have cooked it better myself. Not my favourite establishment after almost a week in Paris
Good wings, fair priced beers and the staff were obliging when asked to change a channel or two..... It was quiet, but I was in there at 4pm on st pats day, everyone in Irish bars.....
Fast delivery is the only thing good about this place.  Beef and broccoli tasted like shrimp.  The chicken was horrible.  I couldn't even eat the rice that came by itself.  It was so bad that it made me sick the whole night.  I threw out almost $30 in food because I couldn't eat it.
Convenient when on the go! This location is right off the I-17 and Thomas and easy to get in but not easy to get out which is the reason why I didn't rate it at 5 stars.\n\nOutdoor only, nice patio seating.
Over priced no name brand shoes. Lack of ability to keep store open during business hours. Rude security
This place is great!! Food is healthy and delicious!!!! Prices aren't bad. Owner is so nice and personable. Staff is friendly. Place is clean. I will definitely be coming back!!!!!
I've been here twice now and will likely come back when I'm in town.  A solid Thai place!
I haven't been in C-U for almost a decade (was a student in the 90s) and I do miss their Sunday chicken special . It is a truly unique dish and nobody else makes it like them. Not here in the East and definitely not down South or in KC. I wish somebody would give me the recipe!
What a great Practice!   Doctor Lokey's is an extremely knowledgable doctor and she has such a warmth to her, that it makes it easy for anyone to openly communicate with her.
On Sundays, get here early. Food is good. Staff is very nice and friendly.
Great product, store always tremendously busy. However, the representative who assisted me was arrogant, disinterested with a HUGE attitude. No reason for bad behavior in a sales environment. My experience was certainly not a pleasant one.
My favourite wee place when I'm up here.\n\nAce grub, at a thoroughly reasonable price with good service.\n\n\u00a32.50 for a double vodka mix? Yes please!\n\nReally good bar selection.\n\nGive it a try!
I have visited Culinary Dropout over a handfu of times.  I give 5 stars for the pretzel and cheese fondue as well as the homeade carmel corn but the other dishes I have tried have just been o.k.  \nI will be back for my favorites but I probably will not venture to try anything new.
Very nice place. Simple but nice environment, good service and food is excellent. Highly recommend the ceviche and Argentinian steak.
Only thing I ever get is a twist cone with rainbow sprinkles.  Always consistant and good.  Usually is a line but moves pretty quick.  Customer service leaves something to be desired.  The lady that is usually at the window is all business...you better have your order ready when you get to her.
This place is the bomb! Total hole in the wall with some of the freshest sushi I have had in a long time. Very friendly service and very kind owners that really care about their clientele! Tootsie roll and spicy tuna were amazing. Cucumber salad was great!
Me and a few of my girls went to Marquee last weekend and it took a few minutes to get in through the guestlist line. We had a blast! The only negatives we could say about the club was the Hip Hop room was closed and when we left we had to take the stairs... Overall we still had a great time
Fresh, old fashon home cooking with big portions. A little pricy for  traditional offerings. 'Could do exactly the same thing in my own kitchen. Would never go back.
This place was, eh, okay...but I probably won't go back.  The service was painfully slow and the food was simply average.  It wasn't bad, per se, but there are so many amazing restaurants in Vegas, that this one really isn't worth a second shot.
If you like Steak Burgers... this is your place.\n\nTo anybody who is used to the typical hamburger, you might not be a fan of a steakburger... just sayin'.\n\nTheir custard is absolutely amazing.
Good, more than decent lunch/sandwich bar food food, great beer.  But the atmosphere is absolutely 5 stars of wonderful.  The church is spectacular, and the patio is lovely too.  Seeing hops growing on the walls outside really makes a point.  This place does beer well.  And the site itself is just wonderful.
The employees didn't quite grasp the concept of an iced coffee. Received a hot coffee in a hot cup with a couple of ice cubes in it. No bueno
I love this place for its pretzel bread fondue and salted caramel pudding! I've been here twice now with coworkers for lunch and I dream of the next time just so I can have the appetizer and dessert, I don't even remember what my main course was, but it was good, too.
The WORST $50 haircut I ever had...with a kind of cheesy arrogance about the place. Not worth it - not in this economy, not in this town. Won't be back that's for damn sure.
I connect here when possible. It's easy to navigate, free wifi, great restaurants and good shopping. I love the rocking chairs and plenty of USAir Clubs. If you're a frequent USAirways flyer this airport beats Philly and DC on the East coast.
well its located in Aliante casino and its pretty small and kindad pricey....the only issue that i have is the food quality for this mexican resturant isnt as amazing as it should be......so maybe a future trip but it wont be soon.....
This place is a treasure, it's amazing and affordable. The service is incomparable, it's so personalized with such impeccable attention to detail. The quality and honesty of the staff ensures this place to be the best in town!
The food isn't great. But the never-ending pot of coffee and 24 hour schedule meant that I spent a ton of time here around finals. \n\nJust don't be a jerk: leave a fat tip after you've been sitting in someone's section all night studying. They'll appreciate it.
Best Restaurant EVER.
Meatballs were fantastic, service was great, the rest of the menu was good but in general too salty.
Get in and get out! Dont fall into the wal-mart trap!
Really strong flavorful margaritas and delicious fajitas that are set on fire before served. We received great service and the entire restaurant has a clean appearance.
HATE  Nothing.\n\nDISLIKE  Floor was dirty.\n\nLIKE  The sesame bagel. The breakfast sandwich. The Power Punch smoothie.\n\nLOVE  Nothing.
The service is super slow. It took the bartender 21 minutes to make 1 drink for us!! The menu was strange.  It had an Asian flare to all of items and some of them looked just plain awful.  Stay far away from this place.
Over priced is what comes to mind when I think of this place. No discounts for students & popcorn was stale! I live about 5 minutes away and still will travel the extra 20 minutes to Harkins!
Another great early weekday morning breakfast spot.  Clearly there are everyday regulars who frequent Barb's, the true sign of a good location.  I was impressed with the number of menu items (including poached eggs and grits) given the small size of the place.  Great service.  I will definitely return!
They are amazing and I love visiting this location. My house was decorated beautifully for Christmas because of their service and helpfulness. Despite AZ Painting Companies horrific paint job on our home at least we had pretty decorations that would distract from the amateur job that was done.
I ordered food from this place through the Dine Inn menu from the Marriott Courtyard. They delivered with a minimum purchase. I believe that was $15 or $25. The food was average quality. Not the best, but not the worst. It was a little overpriced, but this is expected for Las Vegas.
Consigned some items, got a check and picked up what didn't sell.  Easy!
Jerry and his staff are great!
Out of all the Mexican places I've been to in the Valley, this place has the best enchiladas!  It's not as healthy as some other places but if you are looking for somewhat cheesy and greasy mexican good, this is the place to go.
Chicken cooked at wrong temperature... Was completely red. Threw up for 3-4 straight days. Lost business over it too. Fix the kitchen, fix the restaurant... STAY AWAY!
Beautiful place but terrible service at spa desk.  Marta great at what she does but the spa staff is not attentive, professional and NO follow up as promised!\nHad to take business elsewhere!
Very over priced and crappy customer service not even a smile when I walked in I had never been there before and they acted like I put them out by asking questions. This place gives small business a bad name only reason for the 1 star is Starbucks is next door. And the day old bread racks were empty
Great Location but slow service.  I am waiting just ice coffee 15 minutes. Now, not much customers are  here.
My favorite Thai food restaurant. Their soy meat is soo good, and their Penang with soy duck is to die for. I would eat here everyday if it wasn't so far from my house. It's a must try for everyone!
One star is too generous. You couldn't serve this food at a kennel. No redeeming quality.
Only deliver within a 3 mile radius, would not deliver 3.5 miles to my house.........NO CUSTOMER SERVICE!     LAME!
yak . nasty food.  never go back
The burgers are decent, but to be honest I prefer Five Guys across the street. However I do love that you can get pimento cheese on your burger and the sweet potato fries.
Everything written here about the restaurant is true. Crispy spicy beef is amazing, brown rice for free with entree, Thai tea is delicious, ice cream is bomb. Do it, go, try as much as you can handle.
Worst experience ever! It's super expensive and the staff is NOT friendly!! $60 for 1 adult and 2 children's for 30 min and that's include 10 min for a movie!! Again worst experience ever!!! So disappointed ! I don't recommend it whatsoever !!!
Errrr why does there yelp not have hours there open... why no hours and not website!!!!!!!\"
Went saturday night about 6:30ish and the whole bar was senior citizens.  The batter on the fish and chips was soggy.  The so called band was two guys playing along with recorded music.  Probably my first and last visit.
I don't think this place will be around very long...REALLY bad food, bad service...not very friendly...out of everything we ordered...including beer?!? This was their 2nd chance for us...not going back.
Delicious Philly steaks. Made fresh. Best sauce for sweet potato fries.
This TGI Friday's is similar to the one at Gold Coast, with the same 24 hour happy hour specials. This place is not as good as the one at Gold Coast. The portions were a bit smaller, yet the food was still good.
Still love this place. Monica and Cindy are really great staff, always greet me with a friendly smile and are willing to help with any questions I may have. Love this place!
simple yet delicious! Relatively inexpensive and the hotcakes are scrumptious! Thanks Pamela
Great cafe with friendly service. We enjoyed the \"el gallo\" torta. & almond coffee cake on the perfect shaded patio.  My wife and I really enjoyed the relaxing atmosphere and great eats.  Can't wait to try the Spot for dinner!
Incorrect assumptions are bad, good customer service assumes the customer knows what kind of insurance they have.
Came here for Sunday Brunch. I love this buffet. Was happy to see that nothing has changed, and the food was as remembered. I didn't love the chicken parm, but I did love the donuts! Have been coming here for years, and will continue to do so.
I really wanted to love this new location but I feel like every time I go in to the location or through the drive thru something is always something wrong! It's so annoying either the coffee is gross or I order a sandwich or bagel and later they tell me they don't have the ingredients for the sandwich or no bagels.
Best dogs bar none.  It doesn't get better than this.  Worth the trip
Great pizza and the crust is bomb! The mozzarella sticks suck but the marinara was amazing. The wings are really good too.
Finally, a great breakfast place where they don't serve coffee flavored water - but actually have reputable, delicious coffee.  Great patio & bar.  Hash browns are hands down the best in town, eggs benedict was perfect, can't wait to go back!!!
Im all for location and saving a few bucks and then throwing it back onto the casino floor, but I opened the fridge to put away my sandwich  and their was a soggy, molding, towel.  I slept on top on the sheets from that night on.
Loved this store not for the candy but for the selection of new Ty Beanie Boos that were available.  Service was genuinely friendly.
Its basically fruit slushies and ice cream, prices are ok, but the flavors are really watered down. Over all, wasn't impressed in the times I've gone.
Hands down the best lunch ever. Chef kadzushi is simply amazing. I loved the service and the volcano yummmmm
Outstanding! My favorite Indian restaurant in Las Vegas. Very busy during the lunchtime buffet, evening dinners are more relaxed and comfortable.
Ridiculous prices.  Not all that tasty.  Not for down-to-earth types.
One more outraged customer, I'm tired of cox's shitty phone prompt system when you try to call for support, then when you mangae to get off that system to talk to a human being, you spend an hour on hold first.
Food and drinks were decent for what you pay and not horrifically overpriced. Service wasn't bad. Compared to other places I've tried in Vegas, I'd go back. Nice atmosphere.
I had the chicken cheesesteak w provolone, russian dressing, and slaw.  Gooey yumminess.  Totally worth the walk from hell I had in 110 degree weather.  Cheap too -- under $10 for a twelve inch sandwich overflowing with filling and a bottle of water.
$1.50 for a huge hotdog and a drink, you really can't beat that. Also, I enjoy their pizza slices as well. It's a nice lunch just to grab while you are there.
Two Hippies..... Brills!!!  This little nook in a parking lot is quite tasty and affordable.  3 slam packed tacos for under $5, can't beat that in these economic times, served up fast and fresh.  You totally need to check out this groovy light meal stop.
Very good service, food was pretty good, liked the atmosphere as well. Doesn't stand out that much, as far as being exceptional food or anything unique or different, hence the 3 star rating. Would go back again... in a year.
Elizabeth with black short hair was one of the most rudest and annoying employee I have ever came across at a Resturaunt.  This place has a great rep from it's place I. Scottsdale.  Let's hope this lady will not ruin it with the new one at the airport.  Horrible service, rude, and annoying- unbelievable
This place is a big bag of little sh!thead teenage girls who like to be rude because they don't care about their jobs. Cool, I'm impressed!\n\nThe pizza is great though.
This place always sends out shady advertising deals. I am not sure what they mean by we love locals because we are locals and avoid this place like the plague.
This show is one-of-a-kind. The theater design and stage blocking makes every seat in the house a good seat and also makes the performance unique to each seat at every angle. Loved it. We'll be talking in awe about this show for years to come.
It was just by lucky coincidence that i was staying directly opposite Edinburgh Larder during my stay. And what a find! the food was wonderful, delicious and very fresh. I went for the traditional Scottish breakfast with a pot of Scottish breakfast tea and a Delicious chocolate brownie. Next time in Edinburgh, i'll be popping in again.
Crunchy falafel sandwich...like hard and dried out. Not happy at all...will not return. Also took quite a while to get.my to go order. And overpriced for what u get.
Love this place!  Definitely our first choice when it comes to choosing among the many froyo places that are popping up all over the place!  Great service and delicious treats!
Went there on an early Tuesday evening. Service was slow. My husband's sherpars pie was overcooked and loaded with pepper. My fish & chips were almost burnt. I had to ask for drink refills and dessert was never offered. I went here because of the great reviews but I won't be back.
Food was pretty decent but service was way too slow (-1 star). Price is slight high for the portion size (-1 star).
My hubby and I went there For the first time a couple months ago. We were both not really impressed at all with the food or even the service. It wasn't horrible bit we both agree we will likely not be back. The atmosphere was a little too dark for dinner. The patio seemed nicer but we ate inside the dining room.
Friendly staff, fun atmosphere, large patio with corn hole.  Bar food that is not average bar food.  Good local brew on tap and the Maria Pepino was delicious.\nI had the Italian chopped salad and it was so good I ate the leftovers for breakfast!
I came here for my bday because it was the cheapest lol they rooms where nice and clean but the walls are thin and all night i could here the people upstairs walking back and forth.  The gambling was ok and won a lil money back.  This would not be my first choice to stay but overall for the price everything was great.
Old, smelly, and bad customer service. However,  it cheaps. But if I have another choice, I will pay for to stay at planet hollywood
I had Fukumimi Ramen to go for lunch.  Chashu was good but the soup broth was very so bad that I could not finish it. I was really hoping for a good ramen restaurant on the east side of town but that wasn't the case. Not even close to Monta or even Sora. Not recommended.
This is my movie theater of preference.\nIt's always empty and conveniently located.\nThe staff is super friendly and locale is always clean!
Average joint.. was salty.. limited selection \nNot really customer friendly
Popular spot on Mill. It's different from the other places, but too much like Scottsdale for Mill
Love santisi's, the best wings and garlic cheese bread in the valley. Been coming here for years and I love it. Never had anything bad here, except..a couple of dates.
By Las Vegas standards this is a good buffet but there are certainly better in the city. However when compared to a buffet in any area other than Vegas, Flavors would receive a higher rating - probably 4.5!
Food and beer were excellent tonight. Filet, mashed potatoes, spinach, pilsner all marvelous.  Service was pretty slow though and waiter disappeared for 20+ minutes during our meal.
Excellent pizza. The best. Had antipasto.  Was great. Prices somewhat ok. But service sucks. Needs new management to control the staff.  Very disappointed on staff but pizza greattt
They suck big time!!!- don't give ur biz to this store- they r rude, they put u on hold for hours - lmao
Worst service ever! The bar tender was soooo rude. It's not my business if you enjoy your job, but the least you can do is fake it! Cold food, rude service... With so many choices in the area I will go else where for sure.
\"Steak and entire dinner was excellent. Great service!\"
Service is very good most of the time. The spicy chicken is one of the best. It is worth the trip.
Great burgers, Great atmosphere to watch a game, large beer selection.  For sure worth checking out!
Loved my fish tacos. Outside seating was perfect on a nice day. Only gripe was that my date's fish sandwich was very dry, especially with the dry bun used. \n\nOh, bean dip and chips were awesome too.
The drive through time really depends on the time of day.  Sometimes it's very fast other times not so much. I usually am happy with my orders here.
The bartender is a cutie pie!
So I went to buy a computer and online the price was cheeper so I printed the Walmart online add and the wouldn't price match it. It was their own online website!!!
awesome happy hour menu. loved the sliders, the ramen with pork belly. great decor.
I don't like Buffet at my hotel so I come here for dinner and feel sad.\nDon't read reviews from anyone go to see by yourself.\n6/18/13
Closed! it would seem they did not pay their rent and the AZ center locked them out
No, out of three friends,  three different meals, everything was bad.  We all agreed worse breakfast of our lives.
I guess the reviews on here are somewhat mixed, but I love this restaurant.  Their ravioli is delicious.  Although, now that I think about it, I'd probably eat ravioli off the floor of a prison.
Food is fried. Drinks are weak. It smells
My son and I had lunch at the Cubs game and was sadly disappointed. We both had the Pita Tri Tip and waited 26 minutes after we ordered for some stale bread and three small shavings of meat. When done eating, my son asked if I enjoyed my bread and onion sandwich.
Tourist trap. Like a bad cafeteria on top of Mt. Washington.
Stopped in for lunch and ordered a Gyro.  Service was fast and friendly.  Food was delicious.  If you are in the mood for a Gyro definitely worth the trip to fountain hills.
I found Jackie n Tia there  V salon by the 99 cent store on eastern go there and say hi
My favorite sushi in Vegas! Here with Sidney Eileen
hnnnnnnnnnnghhhhhh. THE SCONES. my god, the sconnnnnnnnnnnes.
The food is just ok, but definitely not worth the price. If you want an excellent gyro that is worth every penny,  I recommend Pita Heaven.
Price of the room was very reasonable. Kitchenette is equipped with plates, silverware, electric stove and refrigerator. Ice maker did not work. There is no ice maker on hotel premises. I like the hotel towels; they are thick.  The downfall for me is the room had an odor.
Hmm a $30 dinner buffet with over cooked food, salty, fatty, no fresh veggies or  fruit, and nothing near what I would call good food. If you wanna eat quantity come, if you have taste buds go elsewhere.
Great selection and some of the nicest knowledgeable people. If your looking for a hard to find ingredient just ask. Matt, Tom and Cavan have a great thing going in a up and coming spot that is hopefully around for years to come.
Overpriced, over cooked and bland. Did not enjoy the food at all. On the bright side, the ambiance was nice.
Burger was the only good thing.  Sweet potato fries were a little salty and the 50/50 with onion rings was nowhere close,  It was more 2 / 98.  For the price I expected a lot more.  Holsteins at Cosmo should have been my stop instead of here.  Sorry BBP you need some work.
One of the better BBQ joints I've found in Phoenix so far--notably better than Joe's Real BBQ, which I'm a big fan of.  All of their meats are quality cuts smoked nicely.  I can't stop ordering the spicy chop!
Just back from lunch . First time at Famous Dave's . I'm not a bar b q person but thought we would give it a try. Was it great!,, service was top of the line to match the food! Will be back for more! The ribs melt in your mouth,a must try
Hash hash a go go is named accurately because you will have to go go if you know what I mean before you leave.  Service was slow, the food came out for our table at three different times. While the food portions were large the food tasted bland and was barely warm.
Have been here many, many times since my initial review.   Things are always good. Food very fresh and consistent.   Have had almost all the lunch specials and everyone of them has been great.   The restaurant is always busy no matter what time of day.   People trickle in and out all through the day.    You can't go wrong here.
called this guy, sent him photos of easy repair. he never called me back. guess he doesn't need the business.
No where near NYC's Little Italy but consistently very good fare for a chain establishment. Great service better than anything in Flagstaff.
If you use drive through unwrap and check your order before you leave.  They just leave items out of the bag, and when you get home part of your order is missing.  After years of regular visits I'm never going back.
Love the chicken broccoli w cheese yumm
I was drunk and didn't like it .... think about it hahaha its bad...plus its expensive and like the coffee shop the lack of service is worse than your rude asian eateries
Typical \" gas & go\" Shell station. Very small island store/cashier station with a nice attendent believe it or not! Very conveniently located on the corner of Thomas and Hayden
Great time but the drinks are expensive even for Vegas.
Love this place! They grill the burgers in front of you over an open flame! I got the bacon cheese burger with extra pepper jack cheese and mushrooms! Awesome!!!
Pharmacy was very helpful at 3 am when my child had an ear infection. The prescriptions were filled quickly. The only place I go for middle of the night emergencies.
If you are visiting Pittsburgh you should make a pit stop at Phipps. Went today, the flowers are beautiful and the butterflies were really active. Definitely worth the trip to see it and all of the seasonal shows are wonderful but spring and winter will always be my favorite.
I think this place is a little overrated. I mean I know I live in Wisconsin, but I think you could do better fired food and beer. The proportions are too big. Expect the cheap version of much of your meal. If you want comfort food that remind you of comfort food you could make at home, this is your place.
How the heck did I manage to spend over $8 for a grilled chicken burritto and a drink?!  I know.  I WAS RIPPED-OFF!!  How does this chain manage to stay in business?!
SO much fun training dolphins for a day. Absolute favorite thing we did in Las Vegas. The employees are so great. If you are 13 or over, and love animals, this is a MUST DO.
i dont think it was worth it first of all the food wasnt good at all the only thing i like was the strawberries dipped in chocolate they only had cold shrimp and they ndidnt have much to choose from i think ive tasted better buffets in torrance. yea it was fancy but i didn't like it
Meh. After reading the rave reviews we were expecting something special. Nope. Chips were not crunchy, and the fish was very land, with too much batter.  Think my local fish and chip shop in Melbourne does it better.
i seriously don't get it. it's not very good pizza. the pizookie is the highlight. that AND their diet coke is the perfect mix of carbonation and syrup in a huge cup. BUT give me Venezia's over this ANY day
Hit or miss on level of service. Today, not so nice.  Other times pretty okay. Drive up is pretty quick, just don't expect a smile or thank you.
Very good BBQ joint.  Cheap and no frills, just like it should be.  Maybe I'm just lucky, but I have yet to be disappointed by Scottsdale cuisine!
Absolutely outstanding service and excellent american style food.  \n\nGreat salads, sandwiches, and burgers.
I was just here for CES2008. The place was really packed. I tried a few of their food places such as Starbucks, International Food Market, and Nathan's. The price is pretty high, but not unexpected. Since I was suck there the whole week, I didn't have lot of choice.
Wonderful steak house where I enjoyed one of the best filets of my life. Perfectly seared, juicy and tender and amazing flavor!  Super romantic atmosphere for you and your honey, too. Service was attentive, but not annoying, and cocktails on the deck afterwards was lovely.  Dang, what a view!
Good food but consistent poor service-nobody acts like they care-don't bother ordering online- it'll actually take you longer once you get there then if you went thru the service line-I'll drive further to avoid this location which is sad because we need good places in the neighborhood.
made to order goodness, great ice cream shop....get you some...5 star.  sometimes lines can be long, but only 10 minutes max, they move fast....its worth the wait....youngsters galore...bring the kids and dog...
I love coming here after Pilates and get my protein in thro there shakes, it does add up coming here everyday after class, almost seven dollars a smoothy. I have eaten here once and it was great I have to eat there more often. Service it good but slow since they do make everything fresh.
Good place to check out and hang out with a group. Good mix of music! DJ was good. $$$ drinks but this is Vegas man!  Got to walk 10 mins for closest restroom. Free to enter.
Pretty standard fair.  I really like their nachos.  Great for a cheap snack when you're in a rush.
Les meilleurs croissants \u00e0 Montr\u00e9al!
Six months ago it would've rated 5 stars.  Sadly the name as well as the stock has changed.  A lot of the charming decor seems to be missing.  After bringing my younger daughter here, I was excited to bring my eldest here but she found nothing interesting enough to even try on.  Truly miss the old Bette Paige store!
Awesome pizza but the service was horrible. It took over 20 minutes to get a glass of water. The couple next to us sat after we did but they got their water immediately. We will not return
Went here with my family. Was not impressed so much. Place was not that busy but still took forever. Even saw our waitress talking with some guy at the counter while we had to wait. Food was ok but had better as far as Mexican goes. Won;t be back any time soon. Sorry.
Just poor service and food in general. Really don't want to go into details but I did not have a good experience. The staff was not friendly and I spent a long time waiting for my food. My drink never got filled back up and the silverware seemed dirty. The food was average but cold.
The wait time for an appointment is ridiculous. Been waiting over an hour and a half for my scheduled appointment time. These people do not value patients time
will post a review when I can recolate. I have nothing bad to say except this place rocks. Need to provide detaisl for viwers
Outstanding service, excellent food.  Definitely try their traditional curry chicken.  Love their salads.  I like the curry ribs too.  Fahluda so scrumptious with all the different textures.  Great dessert.    Friendly, quiet, nice place to visit.
The Best Philly Cheesteak in Vegas. Might be a little pricier than usual but its all worth it. Staffed by a couple of sweet people. Highly recommended.
Not the best or least expensive option in town, but the avocado enchiladas are a light modern twist on a classic dish. Mi Gusta
No stars would be more like it. Management is BAD BAD BAD !!\nWe will NEVER return. \nI don't care how good the food is, BAD PEOPLE !!
I used the team to sell my home and they did a great job. Tom was my agent but the team effect was evident! I will recommend them to my friends. Oh already did as they also listed my bosses house in Scottsdale.
Its clean its fast its good food that wont break the bank :)
I went in one time and had terrible customer service... Went in another and it was really good! Thanks Mariah. I think that's what her name was.
Customer service was good; however, if your from san diego or from an area where they serve daytona wings forget about it, cause your not getting it from this location.
Just had some about 5 minutes ago. \n\nNo.
Very customer focused, not a long wait. Great docs too!
Delicious food and great coffee - the turkey press is especially yummy. Can't go wrong stopping by this place with its fun, funky atmosphere.
Nice and clean.  Good food, fair prices. It's a country music/NASCAR place and that is not my thing.
Simply put, Noble Bread is the best bread in the world.  Made with ancient grains and legumes, this honest, well-crafted bread is healthy as well as delicious.  Phoenix is very fortunate to have these talented bread makers.  Bravo Claudio and Jason!
The service is great but I have had better coffee. Try the baklava! And pay in cash for purchases less than $5.
Joe knows what he is talking about, knows the products, and asks the right questions to get you the best plan possible. Great job!!!
Food is very good.  However, the food is ruined thanks to the lack of efficiency from the service itself.  About 30 minutes for drinks, never checked on for meal, neighbors got main dish before apps.  3 servers for whole restaurant.  Terrible.
The only pub I've been to with lamb chops on the menu. The happy hour specials are great too.
Salad bar and drinks were boss but the appetizers were awful. I liked the peach martini. Service was quick and friendly. Would come again for the salad bar.
I brought my son and grandkids for lunch and we were very disappointed.  Said the outside wasn't open yet; it was 1PM...the pizza and Stromboli's were burnt!  I don't think I will be back; maybe the first two times I went was the flook and this is the for real.
Cute clothes....most of the time. It sucks though cuz every time i find something, they won't have my size, double zero... :(  Service was good, didn't harass me the whole time i was there...
great inventory of art supplies\nincredibly helpful and friendly service\nlove that all the staff i have met are artists!\n\ngood supply of materials for all price ranges!\nbest of all it is a local arizona business unlike Michaels
No expense spared meal. Service from Lilly the sever and our sommelier was very good but the food was downright terrible for this price point ($250 pp). I've eaten at the top places in Vegas in comparison (eg, roubouchon, Savoy, etc). Avoid unless it's free.
Not very good.  You would think that a place called the Venetian would have gelato that is top of the line.  This is not it.  They boast that it is made from skim milk.  This stuff does not have the goopy consistency of a good gelato.  Try the gelato at the Bellagio, much better
Happy Hour is the best time to visit and is the best value. Don't miss the \"Big Ass\" burger or green chili pork. Get there before the 4pm start of happy hour to ensure you get a seat. There's often a line out the door!
Great food - love their Mediterranean dishes. We always go as a group and share plates so you can try a little bit of everything. Cool atmosphere too. Wednesday is their best night to go - 25% off your entire bill from 5-9pm.
Nice little drive-up in Boulder City. In business 12 years. Sources beans from a great roaster in WA. Delicious americano!
Great noodles! I will return for sure.
Food is great, service is good and ambiance is non existent but if you want great Med food, give this place a chance.
I have given this place 2 stars and the reason is because of the service and speed of food. The food quality was great, fries was good but the wait for food and our server was awful. My gf stated that if our server would have smiled it would have been a miracle. Again the food was good.. The service was awful
My husband and I frequent this establishment often. The staff is always very friendly and quick, which we like. We love their Bacon Cheeseburger Pizza, but they've taken it off the menu. Most of the time they'll make it for us anyways, but a couple times, when ordering via phone we were denied our special request.
Not only does this place have a great wine and spirit selection but the burgers are awesome!
I came across this wonderful jewel by a complet accident.  I was getting my car battery charged and just decided to walk over and get a bite to eat.  The owner help me pick a meal as I have never eaten middle eastern before and I must say . Best food I have had (sorry mom)
Kind of a lame dry cleaner. I dropped off some clothing that I suspect was only pressed, rather than cleaned and pressed. Additionally, their turn-around times are not very fast.
Hello Meat and Potatoes Restaurant, Can you please add seasoning to your dishes? Thank you.\n\n(Note I went here in April 2013 so they could have turned over a new flour de sel flake and season the meat and potatoes but I don't think I'd take that bet.)
Good gyros, neat little place, sort of what South Side is all about
I love this waffle cafe. Food is great and it's always clean when I go.  The staff is very nice.
The National used to be one of the very best mountain biking trails around unfortunately the rangers have been demolishing the natural obstacles, smoothing out the trail, I call it de-naturalizing.\n\n\"They paved paradise and put up a parking lot\".
Yum-yum-yummy. Picked up lunch and it was still nice and hot when I got home. Okay; I admit the sweet plantains didn't make it home. They were that. good. The chicken sandwich was good, but the bread made it wonderful!
Chicken burger patties were cheap and expensive for the quality. I do not recommend this place.
Incredibly ghetto! This mall has had THREE shootings/ armed robberies this year already and it's only March! Knock off merchandise vendors inside don't help this place either. STAY AWAY IF YOU VALUE YOUR LIFE!! Very dangerous.
The food is not bad BUT the manager was walking around the kitchen vaping and one of the cooks dropped a utensil on the floor then picked it up, wiped it off on his apron, and started cooking with it again.
Great prices, friendly staff. Best part is that it's easy to get scheduled in for an appointment, even last minute. The last laser place I used had to be scheduled months in advance.
The customer service just OK. I was appalled that I cannot say it was great. The ladies who helped up just had too many other projects to fully give their time to my wife & I. The selection for baby clothes, horrid. The prices resemble what I found at Khols, way toooooo expensive!
The jury is still out on this place for me, really good BBQ, good atmosphere but I've been a few places just a little better.
Don runs a great coffee shop, promotes community togetherness and live music and serves up tasty treats here with delicious hot and cold drinks. The open mics are a blast, as are the featured bands. Great for all ages!
I enjoyed visiting this museum. Keep in mind that there's a lot of reading to do. Average time to finish this museum is about 2.5 hours, so make sure you have plenty of time to visit this exhibit. It's great for everyone to come and learn about the history of mobs.
Not bad at 3:30am after drinking and clubbing your @$$ off. Get the cajun chicken quesadilla. Take it up to your room and eat if you don't wanna deal with bad service at 3:30 in the morning.
Quiche the way it should be. And maybe the BEST coffee in town.  So glad to have stumbled onto this place! And now for some French Bread to take home for the family! It was a pleasure!
Good but not great food, drinks are 4 oz / $10 - tasty but disappointing, great atmosphere, trendy food, the chopped salad was good!!
Good time out. Great meal and great service.
Pretty good food. Large selection. Beer and wine were included which was a nice bonus!
Can't get enough of their Pho!!!
Descent buffet, clean utensils, and helpful staff. \nOur server accidentally gave our table to another customer while we were trying to get our food but they seated us right away and gave us complimentary mimosa for the inconvenience.
New and exciting. Good menu with different cuisine. Great bartender and drinks.
Great food, friendly service, nice outdoor seating area. What more can you want?\n\nA little out of the way and hidden in a professional plaza, but well worth it whenever I am nearby.
Walked in on Saturday and walked out.
a great new addition to NODA....a great sister companion to CREPE, if you don't bust you gut in CREPE, then you can walk 5' to Growlers and get your drink on...great job, Stephen & everyone!!!!!
Mediocre chinese food; it wasn't bad, but it wasn't unique.  The host and my waitress were nice, but we waited long for our food; about 30-45 minutes for 4 dishes for 3 people.
Vintage pinball games working at 85% of their original feel. I put my Quarter in and beat the holy crap out of them. Big Brave is my favorite !, \n\nIf your not Tilting your not Trying !!!!!! \n\nI like their new location too !
I'd been looking forward to getting out to the Press and I couldn't be more disappointed. The atomosphere left much to be desired, the non existant customer service was piss poor and the coffee itself was nothing to rave about. I'm broken hearted and continueing my quest for a real coffee house.
Yummy food and large portions but very greasy/heavy.  Family friendly and with special cookie selections on weekends.  Worth checking out if not the kind of place you go weekly.
I'm not really a fan of burgers or fast food, but I'd never had a Carl's Jr before so I though I would check it out. I was surprised at how tasty this was. I went for a Texan burger, it was pretty big and filled me up for the rest of the day!
Their live music on Sunday night's is great! The staff is always nice and the park is clean and kept up well, which I always apprecaite. They are dog-friendly as well, so furbabies are welcomed!
closed closed closed
Worst Fried Chicken I have ever had. Came out super dry. Drier than Las Vegas' weather. Looks appealing and awesome but each bite was gruesome. You are better off buying a 10 piece bucket of KFC fried chicken. Service was not bad though.
Nice staff, clean, decent prices.
One of my favourite bars in montreal, outstanding selection, great staff, awesome beer, great little beer garden and the revelation that is pulled pork poutine!! I really cannot find any fault, go there!
Omg worst sushi place ever!! Do not go here, there was a roach on the sushi bar.\nThis was the first and last time at the Sushi!\nAll u can eat items are terrible and not based on menu prices. Fish is not fresh, cheap ass sushi food
This is a great bakery.  We've been going since they opened at the location at 59th and Union Hills a few years ago.  The cupcakes are amazing.  The lemon are my absolute favorite.  The prices are very affordable too.  Recently, they made a Minecraft cake for my 6 year olds Birthday and it was very affordable and delicious.
Eh, always okay nothing to write home about. They never have good DJs in general, but the place is nice overall. Good service in general.
Still eating here regularly, food is top notch, tasty as ever. Super impressed with consistency. Usually after the newness wears off, the food can begin to taper off, but not here. Still our favorite !
They don't honor ADA accommodations. Trust me - enroll elsewhere. Also I taught college Psych and knew more than SOME of the instructors. They behave like a cult & it is a sub-standard school. Take the Psych GRE and go to a program that is ranked.
I have never gone to Andrew blairs to eat. I have only been for drinks and everytime it has been great. There has always been a good crowd. Good music, stiff drinks at a decent price and everyone was having a good time. They also have a great staff
got the lunch special. nothing special about it. pita and french fries were store bought. I asked for no onions and guess what I got. would not go there again.
My salmon is so over cooked I have use a knife to cut it, mashed potatoes are dry and crumbly. Bad bar food.
Great food but the service is horrible. First time- we had brunch and service was great. But the second and third (both dinner) horrible service. Had to ask multiple times for items. Husband refuses to go again.
Excellent and friendly
This place offers t-shirts with their name printed on it.  we walked the Royal Mile looking for cool souvenir t-shirts and this was the only establishments that offered t's.
This place is awesome. My first c\u00f3ctel de camar\u00f3n was in M\u00e9xico and by comparison nothing comes close. Palapa on the other hand is as good as can be expected. I always go back when in in Vegas.
Yup, as good as it gets! Amazing seasonal pumpkin Porter (please ship to WA!).\n\nSalmon on the menu, friendly staff, and a nice corner seat on the patio to watch the world go by during another of God's painting, or an AZ sunset.
Service is poor. Twice here. Called and left take out order and hour later still waiting? $42 for 2 burgers and 1 fries. Think I'll pass next time. Better burgers with better service out there
Our ice cream was delicious.  I ordered mint chip icecream. The mint tasted so fresh and genuine unlike other places I've been.
The food is always amazing here. The only complaint I have is the wait time for your waitress to come back to the table, given it is always very busy so that kinda comes with it. Love Crackers!
Mmmm!!! Organic arugula and pear woodfired pizza AND a passion fruit iced tea. \n\nMy favorite comfort food at my old hangout.\n\n=)
Best hot and sour soup I've ever had!\n\nTake out! It's a hole in the wall. Family owned and ran, great people! I've been going here since a kid service and quality are consistent! Make sure you call in your order takes forever but that's how you know it's fresh!
Worst service ever, it took like 45 minutes to get our food after we ordered. And the order didn't even come out correctly. It took us about 20 minutes just to order. This place was just remodeled, so you think the service would have been a little better.
Pretty tasty, I still am obsessed with Bangkok Balcony though!
Nothing special burger-wise but the very pleasant older gentleman working the dining room made my 21 year old daughter's day by stopping at our table to chat & giving her a paper In N Out hat. The chocolate & vanilla milkshakes were delicious though!
After living in Flagstaff for 7 years, I guess I became somewhat of a snob of trails.  But it's kinda close to my house and the view is decent. Too many people for my style usually.  But I did do some trail maintenance on SM with VOAZ which was pretty cool.  See pic.
Amazing food, our waiter was fantastic and the manager we talked to was great. Only negative was the hostesses who were fairly rude. Would recommend to anyone heading to Vegas. Chinese sausage was divine and the drinks were delicious.\nQuick entry to the night club after dinner was a big plus.
The fresh rolls were terrible, giant wads of lettuce wrapped in rice paper. Shrimp was virtually nonexistent. Chicken adobo was alright but nothing to write home about. Both overpriced. One redeeming factor was the people who work there were friendly and fun.
They serve Horchata on a stick! \n\nWell its named Arroz con Leche but it brings the milky cinnamon goodness a horchata does for 3 bucks. Great little bits of rice and cinnamon too.\n\nA bit pricey but I think the quality and taste reflects that.
Delicious and exotic flavors!! I had the Avocado and Amaretto gelato. It was extremely creamy!
We stopped in for dinner on Friday night.  There was a table open and we waited right at the front door for the host.  We waited and waited.  The two waiters could have easily sat us.  The bartender kept looking over at us and nothing.  I do not recommend this place.
Pretty decent\nThe spicy pad thai was good and so was the pad somh?\nHowever the combo fried rice was too peppery.\n\nOverall a  not bad experience and a good contrast to the nearby thai basil.
Very average food, but a fun place to bring a customer to. Our customer stared and really didn't say much which in itself was amusing. Our service was good...probably better than their food.
The best staff ever, they go above and beyond what is required. They do so much to make you feel welcome.
love this place...prices are steep but worth it!
Love this place. My english bulldog Stella gets groomed & does training classes  every Thursday. ASHLEY is the best trainer any one could ask for. ALWAYS helpful & very knowledgable. Definitely bring your dog in & talk to Ashley, we're very lucky we did :)
Very nice place with good crab nachos. ( had never had those before) also excellent peach lemonade!
My fur babies are my pride and joy, therefore I am a frequent visitor to petsmart.  I prefer petsmart over petco, and this location has yet to disappoint me.
A grinder is not a full sub sandwich. If you don't know what you're doing don't do it.
I went here with family . This is a average strip restaurant. This place isn't great its just alright . I've been here for breakfast and dinner service both just okay. For out of towners this would seem awesome but to a Vegas local I've  had much better off the strip.
This \"club\" is very small and not the best place, but is entertaining.  It can get packed really quick.  It's pretty small and more like a Lounge with a small dance floor.  I'm not a big fan of this over-rated place
Love this store, I wont shop anywhere else! I save more money shopping here than at wal mart, and the produce and meats are excellent.  They have the sushi guy too, yumm!
This restaurant NEVER answered their telephone. Their info said they opened at 1130 and even up until 12 noon no one answered the telephone. All u wanted to do was make a reservation!
Meh.\nLooks cool. Food is so so. Definitely overpriced.\nI came late with a friend, 2am. It took 30 minutes to bring out my omelette. The egg itself was ok.  The potatoes that came with it were gross.
Haji Baba's elegancy and efficiency is best expressed in a style mimicking Ernest Hemingway's famous six-word short story:\n\nFalafel sandwich. $2.99. Delicious. Bring friends.
I really love most PT's but in this one I always feel uncomfortable. The two bartenders who are usually there seem like they go out of their way to be rude.  I can see that maybe they are joking but to me it's unnecessary.  Just give me a tall glass of beer with a smile it's not that difficult.
I love our stay at the Monte Carlo. We had Spa suit ($90) sweet. Room was big with bar, sofas, comfy bad and nice jacuzzi next to the window with the strip view.Awesome.\nCleaning service was very good.\nDefinitely I will stay again.
Awesome!! Best Korean place in town. The prices can't be beat.
Pho is fantastic and service is great! Chicken pho had big juicy chunks and the spring rolls were yummy. Linda our waitress was so nice and attentive!
Loved the food...no need to be drunk to eat it! Went on a non-busy day and received great service.
I've been here several times and the food here is absolutely amazing.   They have several different types of sauces all available in different levels of hotness.   I can highly recommend the clams, crab,  and lobster.   Very friendly service with a solid selection of craft beers.
Back up to five stars for me! On my two most recent trips here the portions were increased noticeably. I was very pleased with my meal. My out of town friends always ask me to take them here when they're visiting. The service was much better this time around as well. So glad I am able to give them back their star!
Just had their green curry with chicken and pat-see-ew with pork.  The noodles were over cooked and mushy.  The curry was better but the color wasn't green unfortunately.  This location is great for a simple dinner date but the food isn't awesome.
My dad was treated for his NASH liver disease here for a brief period before we switched over to Mayo Clinic. Thank God we did. This hospital is way worse than Banner Desert in Mesa. After stints at 4 different hospitals in the valley, we were least satisfied with the care at this one. Go elsewhere if you have the option.
As an update, the crummy small room has dark and ugly furniture and the shower had very weak water pressure. We moved out of here after one night and into the Venetian, where the rooms were the same price, literally twice as large and the customer service far better. \n\nAria may be new but seriously, what a dump.
Come here for two things; that awesome sausage & pepperoni pizza and the broccoli chicken pasta. Enough said!
Drink prices here are similar to club prices.  The music is either a hit or miss, usually a miss for me.  I'd prefer not to go to this place but I'll go to hangout with my friends.
Literally a strip of space in the complex but totally worth walking into. The food is clean, tastes fresh and satisfies every taste bud. I was very happy to be eating their food, couldn't stop talking about it even after I had finished. :)
Some friends suggested we go by. Sooo glad we did. The falafel plate is amazing!! I'm vegan and am always looking for places I can eat. This is definitely one we'll visit again!
Just a burger, nothing gourmet out it cause it was no where to be found. Decided we wanted a burger and tried it. They could not even cook it to order. Ordered 2 burgers, fries, milk shake and beer for $47 not worth it.
This is just for the casino. It had very few 5 cent keno machines. Played for an hour and didn't see a single drink server. If I'm going to blow my money I require some free beverages.
This was a good place to grab a quick bite to eat. Pizza and sandwiches were both yummy, service was friendly. Not gourmet but a nice switch up from the usual fancy restaurants or buffets that you get in Vegas.
5 star poutine it was great for a beer!
The menu is very creative and the staff are very nice. It is a beautiful restaurant and the atmosphere is great outside. This place is not very busy yet and hopefully it will catch on and fill up soon.
Chicken sandwich was barf on a bun.
Great \"Everyman\" pub. Just beer and basic drinks, but that's ok. Sociable atmosphere. Appeared to be mostly locals, but I felt right at home. 30-something crowd give or take.
The pretzel fondue is one of the best appetizers anywhere. The food and drinks are pretty good but nothing else stands out.
Best Chinese take out around. Super friendly staff, great service and food is excellent. Don't be fooled by the exterior. Inside is very clean and food is very affordable. Our favorites are the Fried rice, Hunan Chicken and Wor Won Ton Soup. Our family loves this place!
My boyfriend took me to Montreal and we stayed here for a night. It was SO nice and the service is great. Book through a travel website and they'll usually include a free breakfast. They were very accommodating and nice here. I will definitely stay here when I come back. The location is also great.
PHOENIX HIDDEN GEM!!!! Cant beat the $1 tacos and the late night hours! I'm so glad so many of my friends told me to go!\n\nPark at Charlie's.
Food was okay. Service was terrible. Typical scottsdale. Expected a little more. The cost was good.
Blueberry pancakes were amazing
Kollege Klub is a relatively large bar, but there isn't much to offer here aside from a group of college bros and a drunk, boisterous crowd. There's popular music being played consistently and the crowd is young, but other than that, it didn't do much for me.
Fancy place. Perfect for a nice date or a birthday dinner. Never packed, but still in a great area. Close to old town.
Ann Gentle is excellent!  I just moved to Phoenix and was looking for someone to cut my hair and Yelp helped me out.  She listens, is creative and just genuinely a good person to be around!
middling italian fare on the grassmarket. you could do much worse in the UK  (think bella italia) but you could also do better. it's a fine place to enjoy a slightly better than average italian meal on a sunny day.
Went here three times in the span of a week, while visiting Charlotte. The food was excellent and the service was better than exceptional. These guys rock!
Great place to grab a business lunch. Service is always fast and courteous, and the food is good.
Great place for lunch - gotta try it for happy hour or dinner.  Excellent American food; good service.
It was okay service was bad and food was decent
Bouquet looks nothing like bouquet on website.  Has 4 scraggly stems of orchids in a glass vase.   Would not use again
20 minutes waiting.. Took 10 just to get a basket of bread. A party of 10 or so gets here after us and gets served before us. Service is horrible.. Waiter dropped bread and never checked on us again. Never got our food left before airing another 20 minutes .
Went a couple weekends ago for breakfast/lunch.  \nI had their Southwest Scramble, and hubby had their Turkey Club.  Both were excellent. No room for dessert.  Maybe next time, and there WILL be a next time!
It's 3 months after my initial review and the prosecco is still not chilled enough. What up????
Dishonest don't trust them or go there. Told my elderly parents they needed a new AC system. All they needed was a few dollars worth of freon.  Dishonest
Not the best sushi, but good for Chandler, AZ.  Came here during lunch and service was quick and friendly.
Got a great haircut, went in to make an appointment and there happened to be a cancellation and they got me in. Awesome that they give beverages and beer while you're in there and the quality of the haircuts is what I was looking for.
Forget about Starbucks. Coming from Miami for a business meeting I stopped here. These are the friendliest people you can find and the coffee is the best. It was a refreshing experience.
Nice little hidden gem. They make some great bloody Mary's and have a huge selection of craft beers.  Great selection of food and love that they have TVS everywhere.  We will definitely be back the next time we come to vegas !
Short and sweet here! This place is awesome!!! Everything is great!!!! Maple Syrup of the best kind. You must try!!!
Although there always seems to be a long line, the food at Liberty Market is well worth it. I have visited a few times and each time I have not been disappointed. Their prices are a bit high, but the food is delicious and service so far has been great!
My expectations were high coming in due to the reviews but really was unimpressed with selection and taste. Ice cream was eh and cost was high. Would rather get Ben and Jerry's from the local mart.
Very good Taiwan style Chinese restaurant. \n\nTaiwanese I have met tell me they barely get better at home. \n\nDo I really need to continue writing?
Average shoes for average prices.  They won't have the shoes you wanted, but maybe they'll have the shoes you'll settle for.
Ordered 3 vodka redbulls, and hand the bartender $50. \"...$54\" she says. Are you shitting me? this is the type of crap that prevents me from living the high life, lol.
I most definitely recommend this place.\n\nEverything we had was really good and the service was just right. I had to try the L'Gros\nceasar and was worth every sip and bight.\n\n\nLow prices, good food, good service.
The food is delicious. I like the variety in flavors. The service is a slower than I am accustomed to but that may simply part of the African culture (benefit of the doubt).
yummers!!! Travelzoo special
Always enjoy going to Quiktrip as the employees are friendly and if there is a problem they will do what they can to assist or fix it.  Haven't been to a bad one yet and I have been to a lot of them.
Nice ambience, the cheese platter and cold cuts were wonderful.
Came in for breakfast and the place stinks really bad. Not sure if it's old rag smell, but they need to bleach this place bad. Breakfast was served cold.
I have been  using Blue Cross Animal Hospital for more than 30 years.  You will not find a better facility in the Phoenix area.  The staff is informed and caring and the doctors can't be beat!  If there were 10 stars available they would get them from me!
It was really fun and fancy environment. The music was really good!! BUT, the sushi was ok not impressive. The roll was not ok for the size and the taste. \nI am not sure I will come back. This must be my first and last visit.
Only been once so far & all I can say is: yes please!
The first experience we had here was amazing.  Had a follow up trip for V-day and I was really unimpressed. All 4 courses that night really failed to impress
The wings are good and sweet and the strawberry margaritas are excellent!  The service was very good but it has a limited menu.
The perfect NoDa neighborhood coffee shop.  Free wifi, delicious coffee, ice cream, and delicious (even gluten free) snacks.
TOTAL RIP OFF! We paid $14 for an 8oz margarita full of ice - wont ever go back - food was flavorless - this place has gone down hill fast - What a total waste of $$$
I just purchased a glazed and chocolate covered donut here. Both were very stale and must have been sitting on the shelf for a  very long time. I took one bite from each then threw them into the trash where they belong. You would think Dunkin Donuts would keep fresh goods on their shelves.
Good tasty food...Spices are added appropriately for the dishes...Must eat place if visiting Vegas...
Always amazing food and very well poured drinks.
It was OK, maybe a little above average. Don't get me wrong--I enjoyed it but I wouldn't go back. Caesar salad lacked any zip. Entree was more of the same.
Freshly prepared burgers just the way you want it. Nice fresh cut french fries with some of the potato skin for flavor. Definitely go there with an appetite. More expensive than In n Out burger but worth it. Only down side is having to deal with parking on Mill.
Pricey but well its in The Mirage so i guess i needs to be pricey. Great burger though. If you are in the Mirage try it out. :)
Man, this place is a disaster now. Disgusting bathrooms, disheveled employees, sticky floors. \nBut the chicken keeps me a'commin' back.
Been there 3 times and the food is good.\nThe bar staff sucks - just a bunch of lazy kids
I do not know what the others are talking about, but we made the 30 minute drive to this place; what a letdown after all the hype.\nFurniture overpriced and there is a significant lack of products to look at; more like an outhouse as to space than  a warehouse.
What a crappy hospital! \nThey don't change bedsheet, have no consideration about patients or their time schedule. They abuse insurance too. Wanted my friend to stay for 3 weeks for no particular reason. Someone please do something about this health care system. These kind of hospitals should be shut down in a heartbeat.
$10 lunch menu is totally worth it. Servers attentive and helped us get in & out in the short time that we required to get back to convention center. My chicken salad was very tasty, and my dining partner loved his fish tacos.
Whatever you expect of this club, it's not there - but they'll charge you 10 bucks for that.
found a bug in my rice...
Over priced, waited to long, alittle dirty. Honestly I rather go to in and out to get better service for a better price
I kicked off my bachelorette party here and the bouncer took us out of the line and let us right in.  Great place to start clubbing on a Thursday night.
This place was pretty awesome. Small but cool. Got some good pad thai and sake. Get the sake in the can, it'll knock you on your butt! Very cool atmosphere in downtown Las Vegas. I would definitely recommend it.
Terrible customer service! Walked out! Waitress was rude! If I could I would give zero stars!
I have never been laughed at by a salesperson! I'm not sensitive, I am a seasoned western rider and am shocked at the lack of knowledge and customer service.
This place is fantastic!!!!!! Some of the best freshest fish I've had. The monkey brain is great. It sounds weird but trust me it's the best. Very classy and clean inside. The service is great. Hands down my favorite sushi place!
By far the best car wash in town. They take the time to pay attention to detail. Quality vs quantity. AND, the cafe/market is amazing. You can find anything you want/need!!!
Took the boys in for haircuts and they were seated almost immediately. This location is a little further for us, but seems to be worth it. The line was too long at the other place. Both stylist were friendly and did a good job. Looks like we'll be back. Great job Great Clips.
Nice stuff but terribly over priced. Stick to consignment shopping in Phoenix.
Bought some expensive Matcha Green powder for baking from here ... still got to use it!\n\nLovely little shop, must actually stop and sit for a cup of tea and a wee bite as they sell amazing looking macarons!
Thought I would try Qdoba as the interior of the restaurant looked like Chipotle. I brought the 3 tacos home only to find subpar chicken and old rice. The corn salsa had a good taste and kick, but hardly medium spice I was hoping for. \n\nStaff seemed okay.
It's noodles how can that be bad? Seriously there is something for almost everyone here.
Unbelievable grilled cheese sandwiches!! The best you will ever experience.  OMG
One word for my late: Water.  Not really sure what went wrong.  On the other hand, right next to the Gelato Spot, which is worth something...
Chicken Katsu was awesome!\nYakisoba was good\nTeriyaki Chicken was yummy!\nMacaroni not so good:(. Has no taste to it.
One of my favorite pizza joints in town. Been going here since they let you draw on the tables with crayons. The pizza is usually amazing, but the pizza varies depending on who cooks it. Love the bread that comes with dinner too.  Overall very good.
Slow, awful results, did not vacuum or pick up trash. Avoid these guys, real bad car wash.
Pretty good lunch. I ordered two enchiladas and tortilla soup. I filled my enchiladas with bison and pork and chose the \"hybrid\" tortilla. Everything was good, but nothing to write home about.
Coming from Los Angeles, I was used to little hole in the wall places that had the best food. This is one of those places. It's located inside a gas station but that didn't push me away. One of the best mexican places i've eaten at in all my years here in AZ.
A-ok...Celebrated our wedding anniversary here just before we went to the Michael Jackson show in December.  Food was just ok...prices were over hyped.
very small hidden bar. Would be fun with a group of friends if you went early and snagged a game or bar seat. Cute decor normal prices.
Horrible costumer service and quality,  purchased a wallet from LV and was defective when I went back to show them they ignored me and laughed at me. Will never go back to LV again. I prefer Gucci on the other side.
Excellent food and great service.  The staff was very helpful.  We really enjoyed our night.
Ok place. Lady at the counter no so helpful. Ask he about the menu and she just read off the menu to me. Food ok. Equivalent to Daphines to me.
Food was unbelievable.  We had the domestic wagyu tasting and it was superb.  Yes it is pricey but if you can splurge I highly encourage you to do so!
Disappointing.  Food is mediocre.  It's not inedible, but it's just frozen fries, grocery store sandwich buns, etc.  Certainly not worth the price.  Perhaps if I were an 18 year old guy, the servers would be enough to keep me coming back.
Stayed there for July 4th weekend. Staycation with the family.... Very nice and clean hotel and the rooms are great... The hotel is located around a lot of good restaurants very convenient.. There pools are awesome especially the one with a slide...
I had high hopes for this place and was let down by pricing and the food. Perhaps I just need to give it some more tries, I've been twice with no luck. It isn't bad but just ok.
We love Sam.  He is funny and kind and makes you feel at ease. His office staff is just as friendly.   Highly Recommended
Pretty good burger place in an airport! Got the breakfast burger and it was delicious. Bacon, fried egg and a juicy patty - what could go wrong? The price is reasonable but the portion was a bit small.
Gamble in the club...\n\nVery large, open air, and not too hard to get in (on a Friday).\n$30 for guys, $20 for girls.\nLike all other clubs, drinks are on the very high side.\n\nI will be back in the future.
excellent experience. the food is priced well, especially for vegas. friendly and speedy servers. i recommend this restaurant to anyone not looking to spend too much money while in las vegas
I had always been curious to check this place out because of the decadent decor that adorns the front entrance, but always thought of it as only a club/bar scene. Little did I know it was a restaurant also! We had a fabulous dinner experience just a week ago and everything from the atmosphere to the food was delicious!
Great range. Very modern with touchscreen controls. The staff is very friendly. Highly recommend this range over Scottsdale Gun Club
Just the place I was looking for!. Authentic Mexican, big portions , delicious!
Good Thai, but I'm from California and am a bit spoiled with good Thai food. Not very hot, would probably make excellent take-out. Very friendly staff!
I'm a first time boba tea drinker so I decided to end my curiosity and finally taste it. I had the thai tea with boba and it was pretty delicious. The prices are really good for the drinks and they have so many options. I'll be back to try other stuff on the menu.
Bland blah food. I had to smother my carnitas in hot sauce to make them edible. Do not recommend this place at all!
5/30/09 - music was great!!!! hip hop, r&b and reggae... but it was HOOOOD!!!! thank goodness this guy i knew gotta table, which was away from the hoodness!
Food was ok but personally I'd say it's over hyped. Extremely unorganised business and critically understaffed, we were waiting for over a half hour for a simple coffee. Only two people working on a very busy Saturday morning, they had their work cut out for them!
An older property and it shows.  \nRide the \"inclinator\" or elevator on an incline to your room.  I always liked the Egyptian theme with the obelisk inside the pyramid.
Very good food.  Very fresh for Chinese food.  The shrimp fried rice was very fresh.  Great service.  They had high chairs for my 1 year old and were very nice about the mess she made.
I'm not a big fan of Mexican food, but this place was REALLY good! Food was fresh & seasoned well, & the server was quick & very nice! It's a local spot & had a steady stream of ppl. Give it a try! U WON'T be disappointed!
Staff seems great, but I've never been impressed with the food. Others swear by their burgers. Ugh. Guess I just need to keep trying new dishes until I find something I like
I'm a huge Costco fan. The workers here are so helpful and they somehow manage to keep the lines moving quickly. I've never had to wait very long. You can't beat their food court either....best chocolate almond dipped ice cream bar ever!!!
I love Korean food, and this place was fresh, plentiful, and the service was excellent. A bit of a bar vibe, but the food is great.
Terrible quality food. Prices are not competitive, neither is what's included in a meal. $15 bucks will get you a simple, subpar, disappointing bowl of pasta served on a dirty table with some tasteless bread. Worst $37 spent in a long time.
Slices puts out the absolute best pizza in Arizona. I have been waiting for that gooey, cheesy out to the edge with the goodies pizza for a long time. I'm hooked. Great job you guys!
So much fun! great music! not too crowded but i hate when ppl are touching me anyways.  the bartenders and bouncers were so nice!\n\ndrinks are expensive but hey its vegas ...
Best dentist in Scottsdale! Dr Schwartz is a perfectionist and works tirelessly to get her patients care done \"just right\". The office staff are incredibly friendly and I always enjoy visiting with them. Also, the office is clean and uses the most current technologies. I would highly recommend this dental office to my friends and family.
Ok food, ok atmosphere in Middleton
Lovely atmosphere, good coffee. I go there pretty often to work on my computer because they have free wi-fi and let you sit there for a while. Can get busy at lunch time. Have good food, especially the vegan burger.
Great store with a selection not likely available at other retailers.  Their wine selection is nice and varied, and they have some great foods available.  Lots of fun home decor items, though some are of questionable quality.\n\nCheck it out, I prefer it to Pier 1 or other stores like it.
Wow...and not in a good way. Horrible service. Expensive beers, even domestics. Beyond cold inside with no resolution by the management. I and my guests had to wear 2 coats and gloves, inside!  As a person that enjoys many evenings out I will most certainly not be back here.
Great
Horrible both my sons & husband had gotten food poisoning none of us will ever go back!
lobster gnocchi was really good. caprese salad good.\n\nbilling issue is what bothered me. they quadrupled billed me and 4 days later has not resolved the issue, even after multiple calls.
I had the chicken sub and it's something I have never tried before...to my surprise it was very tasty...The service was good and I was on my lunch break and was in and out of there in no time.
Environment is quiet crowded and messy. \n\nHad their fried fish thing with some vegetable. Never want to try again
We came on a Saturday for lunch. The server was very friendly. Portions are very big, so consider sharing if you've got a small appetite. The ambiance is like a sports bar, TVs everywhere and comfy seating.
Awesome dinner!!
Well this place is decent. The food was ok. I got the tamales but turn out they only have de \"elote\" I didn't liked them much. I messed up in what I got. But everyone else's plate was good.
Expensive Pool Food, nothing more!
Must have: Carne Asada Burrito. Go for the big one if you can handle it. And the seviche on Friday and Saturday ... mmmmmm.
Went to this place on the recommendation of a friend and definitely wasn't disappointed.  The burgers were GREAT and the music was perfect for the time of day.  There was a good crowd and the staff was very friendly.\n\nI would deinitely hit up this place the next time I am in AZ.
We went with high expectations, but were disappointed in the flavor of the vegetarian bowl. The meal was presented nicely and the food looked fresh, but the broth had zero flavor even with the added garlic paste. The noodles were cooked properly as well, but flavor is critical.
We were looking for a plumber in our area and saw Freddy's good reviews on Yelp. He was able to come fix our clogged tub last-minute, within just a few hours of us calling him. He did a great job and our tub drains perfectly now. :) Highly recommended!
So many great finds! Ive scored vintage items, hand crafted jewelry, and handmade clothing, bags, shoes, you name it! Every item is a show stopper or conversation piece.
Went to this place with family for a birthday party and tried various items from the menu.  Wasn't impressed with the food and the quality of the items.  I've had better and will not be back since there are better places to dine at in the valley.  Sorry for being kind of harsh but I am only being real.
Everything was awesome!
This shop was reccomended to me by the insurance company handling the claim.  They did a good job, and repairs seem to be complete and done nicely.\n\nI would probably go back to them again if I needed collision repairs.
What a nonevent. I went there for lunch, it was loud, service was average, and the food was tasteless. \n\nOverwhelmingly Average!
sandwiches are good,but this place is filthy. Clean the tables hippies
Loved the breakfast!!! The omlet was made to perfection and had super fresh ingredients. The coffee was wonderful and AWESOME service! I don't come to Vegas often but when I do I have to come here for breakfast. This place is the bomb!!!
Loved my room and the service was great.  Will be going back to Vegas next month and plan on staying at Paris again.
This place seems to be closed.
Skinny margaritas good, quac and chips great, hostesses cute and very efficient, but our server Jack was not very interested in good service.
Ordered Italian hero on a sub to go. Bread was so stale it was inedible. Can't just run a sandwich shop on boars head meat alone. Gotta have fresh bread too. Cmon.
Pinky's is a great place to stop for breakfast, or to grab a quick sandwich. The prices are good, and the service is friendly. It's the perfect place to take your really picky nephew who won't eat anything but grilled cheese or spaghetti... because they have something that he will eat.
The Fish and Chips were really good and the clam chowder was really good too.   The service is pretty marginal but we would go back because the food was good!
Go here every so often in the past and have had good food. Tonight that all changed food was horrible to the point I hope I don't get sick. Service was bad and you could hardly hear what the waitress was saying. \nGoing to have to rethink this one before we go back.
Heads up: if you need some \"padding\" done (IE turn stacks of paper into a notepad) they don't do this onsite. They send it out to another location so turn time is 2 days.
Wasn't very packed. Over priced. Still had fun, cause we made our own. The drinks were strong, which at least made it tolerable. Won't go back.
Great service at this location! Went in for an oil change but found out I needed to fix a wheel bearing along with a couple other things. Sure things can get expensive on vehicles but it has to be done and more than anything I appreciate the honesty and great customer service from David. I will continue to get my truck serviced with these guys!
Chairs are uncomfortable... The only time they act like they understand  or speak English is when your talking about price & times up for massage.  I liked the cucumber scrub & didn't have to wait long.  Not a bad place to go if in the area but I've been to a lot better.
Lots of choices that is for sure. This place has decent food but sometimes it is a bit too oily but then again that is how the cuisine is based on. \n\nFilipino food is great. However, it is never pleasant to the eyes. They never have bibingka when you want it.
Great place to eat simple and clean always fresh foodexcept Mondays is way to busy to enjoy.... Seems like they bus the gray hair in then got to fight it out inside ......!any other day easy to get
Never ate Dominican food before but this was very good! Cooked perfectly. Had pepper beef and rice and a bowl of beans. I also got a complimentary simple fresh salad and free glass of the best pink lemonade I ever drank. I will be back!
Decent food but a little over priced. They do have an OK lunch menu. My first trip there took over 2 hours for a business lunch. There are 3 Thai places I go on a regular basis, this is not one of them
I don't typically like Asian cuisine but When I came here I had the shrimp pho, It was so delicious! If you like spicy and seafood, this is your dish. And service here is friendly and I love the decor, it's so cute.
9 times outta ten this place is awesome. the only time i have been dissapointed is when the owner isn't there. She may be owner or manager i am not sure but she has short hair wears sweats glasses and is super nice. the food is alway correct when she is there!
Just OK... with so much competition in the east valley they need to step up the game a little. The meal was good, however our service was not very good and we waited a long time for the food to come out. I only went here because my usual place is closed for remodel.
Amazing meal, not too long to wait, the food was really good and the service was smily and done with professionalism.
This place is AMAZING! It serves true, authentic, fresh Mexican food that will be unique to what you have had in the past. The service is super friendly and helpful. Everyone there has passion and it shows in the food and service. It's very clean and has good prices. I'm all about it!
Lori is extremely sweet and has so much patience. She gave my three year old daughter the prettiest cut. She loved getting pampered while watching her favorite movie, Frozen. Coming back for my second daughters 1st cut as well.
The food was decent but employees smoked 4 feet away from our table while we were eating. Kinda ruins the taste of a &14 steak!
Took care of my 3 dogs and did an awesome job. Facilities look very nice and dogs look spoiled. Very reasonable priced. I will go again.
Folks... dont waste your money or time here. Hostess and management is very bad. The food across the board is very poor. Uncomfortable seating and very noisy. Very poorly managed. Hostess is unprofessional and very rude to customers. One star is a gift here.
great service, incredibly fresh ingredients. will definitely be back next time I hit up Scottsdale!
Been coming here since I was a kid.  Doctors are great!  Linda Rosenburg is a great PA.
The pepper mill was delicious. Huge portions, the pancakes are the best I've ever had and the chorizo and eggs were delicious.\n\nThe pepper mill was delicious. Huge portions, the pancakes are the best I've ever had and the chorizo and eggs were delicious.
How is this place getting all these positive reviews??  My guess is they're trolling cause the food is terrible - not fresh, tastes old and frozen, even the water tasted disgusting.    Avoid at all costs there are so many better Chinese restaurants in the area to spend your money at.
I love this place.  The vermicelli is amazing.  It is a cozy hole in the wall.  The food is so good.  And it's BYOB.
Worth the wait in line.
Went for hibatchi and had reservations. They couldn't decide where to seat us and moved us twice. They wanted to put us with a group that started awhile before us and we didn't want to be rushed. Overall the food was very good but I would recommend Takumi in East Towne over this place.
Not worth the money, I have made better pasta myself. We went last night and 3 of the 4 of us didn't like the food whatsoever, the other person wouldn't pay that price again for the small amount they received.
Five stars, period.  As many awesome pinball tables as have ever been in the same room.  Coin-op, often 5 balls per credit.  Mountain Dew Throwback in the vending machine and $0.25 popcorn!!  I need to spend at least eight more hours here next time.
Ordered their special, which was tilapia, and overcooked and under seasoned. Their burger was average. The only saving grace to this visit was the service the booze and the crab cake appetizer.
I love my hair and love Kristine even more!! She did a great job on my new summer look, and knows exactly what an inch off means!!! So worth it especially with her friendly personality:-)
too expensive... food is gross.... no thanks.
Courteous staff and an owner who \"loves\" food.  Food that is both delicious and nutritious
Sweet little neighborhood/biker bar. Friendly staff, great drinks.Pretty good selection of food. I have had better burgers, but the next time I go in, I will try something else. Great place to hang out though!
Excellent, friendly service. Really make you feel at home.
even the seafood was delicious... I had the frangria. very good as well
Terrible experience. Line was only 10 long but it took 45 mins since service was very slow. Lots of workers but few were helping us customers.
Ok...so I am updating this due to the owner contacting me. He has been diligent on replying and getting things sorted out and making my situation fair. Stay tuned as to how everything turns out...at least he is trying...
Kim is an excellent hair stylist!  I get asked all the time who does my color and cut !\nI highly recommend her!,
We come here quite a bit. Not very good service tonight.  Food was cold. The so called apology was not sincere.  Not a great experience tonight.
Can I give less than one star? Rudest TSA people I have ever dealt with. \"Thank you\" and \"Please\" are not hard to say when people are doing what you ask.
AWFUL! Get bottle service if you go here. If you don't you will regret it. too crowded.
Cupcakes were decent but nothing I'd go out of my way for. Cake part was more on the dry side and the icing was crazy sweet. I may return but it will only be to try the macaroons.
Very healthy menu, had the stuffed mushroom app- salmon salad and medallion prime rib.  Everything was super \nFantastic and super filling!!!
Bowls are good and filling.  2nd time here I got a salad and it was great. Prices are good for the high quality and freshness.    Close to home and will return again soon
just as busy\n\njust as useless\n\njust as rude\n\nboo to you, vodafone!!
As a new Las Vegan, I was in dire need of a new stylist I had a great experience with Naz. She listened to all of my wants and needs, and gave me a great cut and color (I am very, very picky). I will ever go anywhere else.
Clean location but be prepared to do a lot of walking!
I was really excited to see the show but walked out of the theater underwhelmed.   So far, this is my least favorite show; even the guy next to me fell asleep during the show.  I felt the performers were holding back and afraid to go all out.
Chicken pho was soo good! Rice with veggies... ehhh. I'll go back for the pho though! Oh P.S. not open on Sunday's which is ridiculous!
This place is great! The people that work here are always friendly and the yogurt is delicious! My daughter and I go here at least twice a week!
Yes not my first choice and only used them when I got gas and a discounted exterior wash.  When I had full service washes they could never get the interior clean or I would have to ask them to do touch ups.  I rather go down the street to TNT carwash in surprise.
Go see Heather G! She's cut my hair the last few times and I won't go anywhere else .. She does a. Ice scalp massage and uses good styling products.
I love the fries here!!!
Super greasy, really cheap prices but somehow they still retained some quality in the food. The pizzas here are pretty good. I wouldn't ever crave them, but I wouldn't be opposed to going here if someone suggested it.\n\nThe brownies are really good!
What a great little dive casino.  Filled with locals and has good drink prices.
Tavern on the tracks is a Buffalo Bills bar so be prepared to hear their chants on game day.  The food here is pretty good, and they have a good beer selections.  If you are in the South End area at around 1 A.M. this is a good spot to go.
Great food, amazing service. A must have when in Vegas.
I'm a little disappointed: last time I went there, their menu was missing some interesting food I use to eat there. Their Won Ton soup was good, but nothing to go crazy for.
Had a great time eating dinner with family for my daughters 12th birthday. The food was very good and of course we stuffed ourselves.
It's so overpriced considering the quality of the food. It definitely is not worth $18.00 to $25.00 a plate. The dinner menu is also very limited. I definitely wouldn't recommend it.
nooooooooooo
Very rude staff had my small dog for over 5 hrs when we go get him he was shaking he was so nervous never had an experience like this before
Great service, good food n very reasonable prices.  Highly recommended! :-)
So if you buy a bottle of wine here, their is no presentation.  Apparently all wine tastes the same to these people.  If your gonna sell wine, know how, don't tell me you don't know what the wine tastes like.  Buy the way, I work at a restaurant too.
This is a review for the restaurant right off the lobby. Very nice. The best iced tea I've had in a long time, delicious quinoa salad. The guy had a very good mac and cheese and perfectly cooked steamed asparagus. I would recommend this place for lunch if you're in the area.
Good food but TERRIBLE service
First time eating here, the food was exceptional! Pho was the best I've had in long time along with the egg rolls! To top if off, the prices were super low! If I didn't live so far, I would definitely be a regular.
The Pav Bhaji Dossa was really good specially since I am from bombay and I miss the Pavbhaji.....overall a nice clean place with authentic food.... must go there if you are in or around Montreal......
I've been here many times and the drinks are excellent! They do not skimp on the alcohol either. The food is delicious and they have steaks on happy hour. The staff is always friendly and attentive. Nice 1920's ambiance. I will keep coming back!
Oh my lord no! The dancers here sure are skinny! In truth, the clientele do seem to be having a good time.
The one drink that always brings me back to Coffee Bean is the WINTER DREAM LATTE! Too bad its only offered during the holiday season, but its delicious! It tastes like \"Christmas in a Cup\"...Try it out this winter!
I gotta agree, customer service is the pits here. Two separate times I couldnt get anyone to help me because their MTV-generation hormones kept the employees busy playing grab-ass.
awful ! beans were undercooked & tamales were so dry .....\nthe only decent thing was the beer . would never go there again . asta la vista baby !
Would definitely back for brunch! Portions are the perfect size - not so huge that you've just had three days worth of calories in one meal. The waffles are great - light and made fresh. \nGreat service - our server was fast, personable and friendly.
A good sandwich, but steer clear if you are conscious of price.
My wife brought my daughter here for a scheduled  appointment and was 5 minutes late. They said there were now 5 people ahead of her so she could wait or reschedule for the next available apt.5 hours later.
Heaven. Their famous burgers, fries, and even breakfast.
Middle of the road  average lunch experience. Typical of Ahwatukee'a sea of chain restaurants. This concept is tired the food is bland, and the vibe is too. You can do worse in Tukee, go across the street and try red lobster!
This place is a joke!! Try'd to talk to any managers at that place all day and some how they have a excuse, a lady called Krista that works there should be fired!! Her customer service is terrible and straight up lied to me...
They have a pretty good selection of cigars, but they are pricey.  There are better prices at almost any other smoke shop in the area.
So so food. Had the #1 combo platter and all the different dishes tasted the same. Service was slow like they were short staffed. Our search for a good sit down Mexican restaurant continues....
This is the perfect late night spot. The food is actually pretty damn amazing. We had the French onion soup, the blue cheese burger and the mahi tacos. So glad we went. Would definitely go again.
Drinks are great - wide selection of tequilas and tequila flights.  Food is so-so, we've had dinner several times at the wedge (trying different items) and have never been impressed.
Bellagio by far has the best massages, for the money spent here I would put a little bit more at Bellagio for an amazing massage.
Incredibly generic.  Pita was bland, fries out of a bag and the chicken was very common.
Better to walk across the parking lot to Chipotle. \n\nWaited over an hour for my food and never got my order correct. Nor asked what my correct order really was.\n\nThey wouldn't comp the meal! \n\nDon't waste your time and money.
I actually liked the food a lot however when I decided to take my wife there tonight, they decided to be closed, almost an hour early, and for that they receive an epic fail
People honestly review airports? As if you have options? As if you honestly decide whether or not to visit a city because of it's airport? The fact this this has 800+ reviews blew my mind!
Just had their New York Half & Half, the sandwich comes full of pastrami & roast beef on rye.\n\nGood sandwich overall with fries.\n\nHeard they have a good steak too.\n\nI will stop by here again when staying or visiting the Hard Rock Casino.
Supplies!!!  Yaaay!
One of best dining experiences I've had in Phoenix.  Looking forward to my next time there.
Great for hangovers during the world cup.  Quite tasty but nowhere near the best.
Not really remarkable. Panini not really worth it. Nice service though.
Pretty good. Lots of different choices. I forget which day of the weekend they have seafood but, I loved the crab legs that you can get sauteed with a bunch of herbs and spices. All types of foods. The dessert section is great too. They have hand scooped ice cream or soft served and bunch of other selections.
This dry cleaners charged me $7.75 to launder my husbands shirt.  A little excessive!!!
I like this place better than Wild Horse Pass Casino. It's much smaller and more low key. I think it's an older crowd compared to Wild Horse and much less crowded.
Dr. Mitchell and his entire staff are fantastic, they are friendly and professional!  Dr. Mitchell is brilliant at what he does, and as a patient you reap the rewards of it!  He has helped me and would strongly recommend him and his staff for any chiropractic or physical therapy needs!
the pizza here is great but whats up with the service, always waiting more than what they tell you and you wait 10 mins on the phone for someone to answer  ,  what the heck is up with this place, maybe hire some more people or something.
Inside of Cosmo.\nLove the thin crust pizza! Hidden gem, gotta try finding it! Long line so be ready.
Good riddance. They went out of business. The yogurt tasted like plain fat free milk was put in the machine and some food coloring was added. \n\nI do feel bad that the owners weren't successful, but this place was no good.
Stopped by and was surprised at the size of this store. The technology is pretty neat too. BUT  I was very surprised at the prices I looked at. I found everything to be priced high, the staff did not mention the bidding process.
Slightly overrated, but pretty good stuff. The food and beer is expensive for the C-U. Better than Giordanos. Get there early and be prepared to wait b/c it is popular and can get very crowded, especially on fridays.
Food is salty as hell. 3 stars only because the owner there is chill as hell. Food definitely went downhill. It's still cheap fast food if you really like salt.
Wonderful neighborhood feeling. The bartender Nikki is the BEST hands down. Very attentive and personable bartender, not phony like a lot of Valley bartenders. Nikki keep it up girl!
Amazing food yet horrible service. They simply gave us a bottle opener to open the wine ourselves. When we asked for a doggy bag they gave us a stack of stirofoam bowls to fill ourselves. Butter chicken was one of the best I've had. Will probably go back anyways.
This place is great the staff is always friendly and inviting. This is my go to yogurt shop I don't think any of the others out there even compare to this place!
Very basic stuff but they have survived in an ever changing downtown.  Good specials, especially Wednesday night $5 burgers but essentially high grade bar food.
The juices are decent, but the smoothies are not good. I've tried the Berry and the Green one, both were gross and I threw them out. They are so watered down with almond milk and coconut water that they taste bland.
This place like the entire hotel is in need of an update. Half the spa facilities are broken and usable like the hot tub, steam room and mineral baths.  They had water and tea available but no hot water, the hot water cooler was broken. Service was nice and friendly.
The atmosphere is alright, and the food is good. Nothing special. But the service is exceptionally terrible. I stopped \"giving it another try\" because I just couldn't take it anymore. It amazes me that a place can consistently have bad service in Las Vegas. No thank you.
This has to be one of the BEST shows I've ever seen!  I highly recommend  this show, is a must see in Las Vegas!
115 for 1st offenders... Talking and driving. Good thing it wasn't me LOL\n\nOH just a heads up. The law enforcement people near the x-ray area are not very nice people
It's a good alternative to Starbucks, but the taste isn't that much different. The guy with the weird ponytail (not the owner) is kinda annoying though.
Went back after a not so good first time.  The green Chile mac and cheese was the only good thing. The meat did not taste good at all and it was lukewarm at best.  Didn't taste fresh
This is the place to go. Wait don't go. It's perfect without you there. (if you do go, get the nachos!)
Lots of options but not the best of it's kind.  Fast enough for lunch and fair priced.
The best fish tacos I have ever had!
If one has a very strong interest in archeological building fundamentals and possibly primitive housing design, this might be for you. Myself, my interests are in visuals, historical in nature or visually interesting....and there are many located around AZ that fill this bill, but this CG ruin site was not for me.
Expansive options of tried and true Italian classics served up competently. Relative to the options in the area, a pretty good dinner.
The food is phenomenal for a great price. However, the service provided by the employees was poor, inadequate, sub-par, unsatisfactory, bad.... you get the idea. I would suggest driving the extra miles to another location to save yourself from a dreadful experience.
The Starbucks is easy access right off the 215 and flamingo. Not my favorite as service is way slow at the drive-through if there's one person in line  it doesn't take long for to get backed up. Great if you're the first person in line not so good if you're the third person.
We always come in here for their buffet. Good food and costumer service.
It was my first time here. I ordered two cheese enchiladas and soft chicken taco, it was too salty and greasy. Lemonade was delicious, but personally, wouldn't be ordering enchiladas again. Overall, nice interior and they do play nice music and staff is friendly.
Smoke and mirrors...atmosphere vs substance....\n\nI am NOT a fan. This is your typical Scottsdale spot that puts their efforts into the decor (which is REALLY nice) and not into their boring menu.\n\nSkip it.
All I got was a frozen margarita at 1 in the morning, so my review doesn't apply to the food. But the drinks arrived fast and you could taste the tequila without feeling like you just did a shot of it. And the cups are actually nice enough to keep.
Absolute worst service I have ever experienced. They even tell you they don't serve tap water so that they can charge for bottled water. They are rude and inattentive. I  would never come back. Wish i could give less than 1 star.
Did not want to make pour over.i order 2... They made them one at a time.   Their pour over holder can hold 3
look at me...I'm standing here and i'm boring...look at me...look at me....\n\nthat seemed to be the general vibe here.\n\nnothing special.
The wings were good, but the pork porterhouse was very dry. Also, the sirloin my daughter got was cooked properly and very tough.
UPDATE:  Got a referral from another company to call these gals and thought I'd try again - happy to have been called back right away.  Although we'd already scheduled something with someone else, I am so glad their phone system is back on track and all's well!
I got the falafel wrap and found it to be pretty tasteless. The hummus was not very flavorful and the wrap had burnt pieces on it which threw off the flavor. The falafel bits were pretty bland.
Visiting the Surprise area for a week looking for a good restaurant.  Thought we had it with Vogue, but was badly disappointed.  My wife ordered their signature lamb dish and found it barely edible.  My burger was fair at best--better at Five Guys or Smashburger.  Did like the sweet potato fries, however.
Wow, these guys had the truck I needed, explained everything and were extremely pleasant to deal with.  In addition, they helped me calculate the costs of my next move.  Efficient, friendly, helpful guys.  Great to deal with at a stressful time.
fried chicken -------b-a-n-a-n-a-s
Great place to gamble and eat/play at the top of the tower, but bad place to stay at a hotel.
Twice in a row, after waiting 15 minutes past my scheduled time, do I have to proactively find out it will be another 45 minutes. Is this a cable company or a family doctor? Time to find someone new.
Have been to other similar outlets in Charlotte, quality of material, teaching could be better compared to others. The \"teacher\" did not utter more than 2 sentences! There was no teaching at all. Quality of brushes was bad, could defnitely do a better job in organizing.
Looks pretty nice.  Bathrooms are clean - everything is handsfree (including toilet) and works wells (including timing of the flush).  Placement of the TVs are nice - everywhere.  Wings are consistent, as expected.  And the service was on task.  What more can you ask for?
How good can you make a steak?  I'm no carneisseur  [sic]  but Cheval probably makes one of the best steaks in Montreal.  I had the 18oz fillet, medium rare. Quite tasty and tender.  l cut it with a fork just to see if I could: LIKE BUTTER!
VERY AFFORDABLE, and relaxing rooms.  Quality massage, and ambient atmosphere!   Well worth the money!
we went there for lunch and they have a pretty nice lunch menu. i had their steakhouse burger and it was pretty tasty! would definitely go again because the price was definitely right.
I feel like a pig eating at the trough - that's the kind of food u get from this buffet after 2.5 hours wait. Don't waste your time and belly. Go somewhere else unless you like to be a pig - oink, oink, oink.
2 thumbs way up for the latte and the cinnamon scones. The chewy chocolate chip cookie that I took to go, really hit the spot later that night.
A very friendly neighborhood place. The food is good and the atmosphere is relaxed and comfortable.
For the price the food was good, not great.\n\nThe salsa is good but too hot. I like hot but I think being too hot masks the flavors.\n\nThe menu was \"temporary\" whatever that meant. They did not explain but it did seem very limited. Not sure why.
This place is great! Just make sure your current on your hepatitis C shot, tetanus shot and bring lots of hand sanitizer with you. Also, make sure you go to the bathroom before you get there, YOU DO NOT WANT TO USE THEIRS! Good god how do places like this stay open?
The last time I was here, the bartender has never seen a NY driver license before, which I have. Also, the guy didnt know how to use the internet to even look it up online what a NY license might look like. Piss poor service on their part and I will continue to tell people not to go to this place.
Wow!!!! Bomb.com!!!!!!!! Pancakes, French Toast, Skillet, coffee, everything is freshly made here. Thats what it taste like. I wouldn't mind sitting on a hard chair if they had one, the butt pain would be worth it!
We went for Restaurant week and it was amazing! Gigantic portions great food and the server was so friendly and warm! We would not normally go to the epicenter but for this place we will be back!
Pretty solid Americanized Mexican food.  Not the quickest place, but still considered fast food.  Food quality is good.  A lot nicer now they expanded and remodeled.  I will be back.
Best Pho restaurant in the KW area hands down. Good food for a good price.  Quick service. Lots of solid options. They should open one beside the Universities.
They have the touch! My friend turned me onto this place that just opened not too long ago and I must say I will be going back!\n\nIt's hard to find someone who is strong enough to give you a deep muscle massage but gentle enough not to make you feel more tired than when you went in.
FABULOUS! Food is amazing! I got the teriyaki steak! And the service is wonderful! Very friendly staff and quick too. Prices were good for the quality of food they serve! Will be going back for sure! Highly highly recommend !
Less than 8 minutes away and you won't deliver because I am on the wrong side of the beltline. Lost a customer for making me feel less because of the side of the beltline I live.
I live in San Diego and was visiting my daughter in Arizona.  After reading reviews of Thai Patio we decided to give it a try.  It's a cute little place but the food is just alright.  I definitely won't be going back.  Portions are small and not very tastey.
Every Vegas local's favorite sandwich shop. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu, but the most popular sandwich is The Bobbie. It's Thanksgiving on a sub roll, and they do it perfectly at Capriotti's.
Decent food. Chicken teriyaki was tender. Rest of the food was ehhh..... Aright. Can't beat the 4.99 lunch;for a limited time.
Nice Italian right in the heart of Plateau. Pizza from a wood burning oven simply fantastic. Ingredients are all extra fresh and delightful service. Anyone looking for authentic Italian in plateau - look no further !
Happy hour was from 3-6    2 dollar beers i have never heard of. Had long board   Was actually very good. Chill atmosphere with several tvs  hockey was on so it immediately caught my attention. Only had a couple beer sthen had to leave cause they were closing but the food looked tasty. Neat looking place.
Kidfixers is the best! \nThere is a super friendly and helpful staff and Dr. Lepore is a delight. My son is a bit difficult (well, more than a bit) and they are always super patient and efficient. Happy that we found this place being that we are new to Las Vegas.
Breakfast is fantastic.  Work on the coffee selection.  Only thing holding back a star is no French press coffee or an espresso machine
this is probably my 2nd favorite buffet in town. i love the fact that you can get endless alcaholl for 12.99 more. it offers a couple beers. wines and even 1 kind of champagne. love the food. the pizza with the fried egg on top was amazing.. very kid friendly
-Fancy salad place.\n\n-Salads are very yummy.\n\n-Parking is a pain in the butt.\n\n-Pricey for lunch.
Nothing like a flame broiled burger. Had the Double Great Big One. Was not disappointed. Small joint with local feel. Best of all worlds. Wish the fries portions were bigger and wish they had tots. Otherwise giddy up folks.
Food and prices were awesome! Decor is very nice, a little dark though, especially when trying to read a menu!\n\nOver all I think this is a nice family restaurant!
Average food, convenient location and decent prices.  Good place for a quick bite or a casual dinner.
I recommend you guys should not come to this restaurant because the food contains a lot of MSG. I got headache and felt thirsty every time I came here. If you care for your health, you should not eat here because MSG is very bad for your health.
They grab a 3.5 rating.\n\nGreat brisket & pulled pork with a nice sauce selection.\nPowerful draft list.\nGreat service.  They really know their stuff here and are happy to walk you through with samples.
Kinda funny giving a smog place 5 stars but they were very friendly and fast. Showed him their website coupon on my phone and they gladly accepted that.
Sign says open 24/7, not true!! Went there at 2:30 am and it was closed!! We were pretty annoyed at this.
Best fresh sushi in town. Their prices are great and the service is good. They also own the Little Tokyo in South Side and both places are awesome.
I've been coming here for about a year now and I haven't stopped coming ever since. Frank is the guy to see!! He's consistent and has never let me down. If looking for a barber or barbershop, this is your place.
Overall, good meal, reasonably priced and large selection.
It's great to have a diet menu.  The veggies were fresh and delicious, but the sauce was a little bland, watery and sweet.  If you are going to do diet, you have to use garlic, maybe some hot sauce to spice it up.
They have good prices and always have coupons online... This is my fave mex resturant in Vegas!! They get you on the price of beer so the coupons help alot!! I get an Entertainment book every year for their coupons....
Great fresh food. Not your typical spot, as it has offsite betting, but had some great quiet lil areas as well. Definitely will be back.
Horrible customer service! I will not return! If I could give this place zero stars, I would!
The raisin bread and taro pastry were both very very tasty.
Great bread and sandwiches. \n\nNimrod employees.
The meat Balls were fine.  The fries were the worst in Las Vegas. Cold, tasteless, and over priced..  The A/C did not work very well. Warm inside. Service was a little better than poor.  It took almost 30 minutes for the order to come, and part of it was wrong.
Shady's is a classic. Best jukebox in town. Guaranteed you'll never hear shitty music here. Their drinks are cheap and strong and I always run into a friend or two. Love this spot.
Great place with great personalized service.  Love your lentil soup!  Hope you guys stay open!
So slow... In the 15 minutes I waited in line at the drive through I should have just made dinner.
Went back today and had great food and good service!  The gal that checked me out asked me to complete the survey on my receipt.  So maybe they are trying to turn the bad reviews around.  Hope so cause I really like the food when they do it right!
Fresh tasty donuts at a great price. The Korean owners were lovely. They were very welcoming. I enjoyed the assortment of cake donuts and yeast donuts. Every single donut I had was great. If I lived here, I would come again!
The Mushroom & Swiss Burger was good, the Smash fries were decent, and the Oreo shake was really tasty. The service was friendly. There were annoyingly a lot of flies. I would return.
All the attendants and therapist were friendly and accommodating. The facilities were very clean and well kept. My only recommendation would be more supplies on hand like razors in the showers.
I am often a regular of Jerry's. The staff aways takes are of us and we feel comfortable and happy. Thanks!
Did not live up to what others have said about the place. 5 guys across the street is much better, smashbuger continues to the best burger in town!
This ortho place is wonderful! I have been coming here for more than a year for ortho treatment, Dr. Saxe and her staff are the best. The office is a fun and welcome place to be with movies and video games. I recommend anybody to come here for braces.
Don't blame me. I was hungry, and it was there.
I do not believe that this is a good dry cleaners.  If you want to find out, then go and hopefully you have a better experience.  The left a stain on my collared shirt and all of my white collared shirts then cleaned but didn't iron.  They were all super wrinkled when I got them back.  Some sort of weird joke?
Decent food. Great location. Friendly service. Good booze. Simple menu.  Attractive patrons. Clean bathrooms. \n\nA good place to go if all the other restaurants in the Scottsdale Quarter are full with a long wait.
Seemed a withering pub for diehard locals.
Loved the 3 floors which all contained merchandise for women AND the 3rd had maternity clothing. JACKPOT, as I didn't even think to check H & for it. I also bought my child some of the cutest shoes I've seen and it was my 1st baby purchase so this was a special H&M trip for me
$30 for dinner.  Probably the worst buffet I have ever been to.  I only ate 2 plates and ice cream.  The next day, I weighed myself and lost a pound.
Nice atmosphere, have some reservations though. Went on a Monday night for dinner with a friend. We split a Brasciole appetizer, which was excellent. I then had a Rigatoni Bolognese entree. The sauce had nice flavor, but the pasta itself (not the sauce) was lukewarm.
I was overwhelmed when I went in by the selection as I had never been there before. Once I started walking around, I couldn't figure out what the hype was. Too much money, not much special.
I will always love the food here, but I had super shitty service. I don't know what it is about the nonchalant hipster mentality, but she took FOREVER with EVERYTHING. She also screwed up my drink order. Terribly. Pretty meh experience.
Great place to spend some time with the kids.  Makes you feel like a kid again at the same time.
Very chill hangout spot and one of my new favorite places. I definitely plan to come back!
It's a nice little cafe that offers a pretty good variety of food. The service is really good and so are the prices. I have only eaten there once, but the food was delicious.
The chicken and salsa are great but they appear to have downsized the size of the chickens pieces the last year or so. I would rather they raise the prices a little as opposed to this tact.
I got sick from the $9.99 prime rib special.  The mash potatoes tasted like it came from those instant packages.  The service was terribly slow.  I saw a couple that hated their food so much they stuck around for 15 minutes so they could complain to the manager.
Very disappointed the second time around. Service was awful as in she took my order delivered it and never once came back to see how it turned out. When I was leaving I told her how awful it tasted she said sorry have a great day. My french toast was so undercooked and burnt on the outside I couldn't even finish it.
don't waste your time! this place is no longer open.
Decent quality noodle soups here, but docked 2 stars on the value proposition.  What goes for $13-$15 here, can be had for maybe $7 in Chinatown.  2x for the Mandalay Bay premium seems a bit high.  This place used to be more of a cheap eats business, but has since changed.
I've only been here for happy hour a couple of times. The buffalo chicken pizza is pretty good and the drinks are alright. The bartenders are friendly and the place is clean. I ordered a sangria one night but wasn't too fond of it. Overall it's a decent place just to hang out and play pool.
I've had better
Breakfast was excellent, really on my top five lists of best breakfast joints anywhere.  The corned beef hash is great.  Portions were generous.  Service was attentive and friendly.
I wouldn't recommend Pino's for weekday lunches.  The pizza is ok, but for some reason this place has not updated technology enough to accept credit/debit cards, which I think is unacceptable.  At night and on weekends, however, both the pizza and the service get better.  It's definitely worth trying.
I love this restaurant and have only visited it about three times. The bartender Matthew (I'm pretty sure) is so nice and friendly and makes the best drinks. This is one of the only two restaurants I will eat and can't wait to go back, OH and visit my parents in Surprise :
Once again awesome tapas and sangria!  All for the same price as three margaritas at the Jose Cuervo  airport bar.  I love the new location!  I hope the kitchen issues are behind you firefly!
Well above average neighborhood sushi joint.  I have had very nice quality fish here.  But potion can sometime be a bit on the small side.
Ask for Gwen she is the best...the only one that does my nails right!!!\nOh and the chairs are to die for!
'cest plate a dire mais je suis contente que sa soi fermer il nous escroquais vraiment trop surtout avec le menu degustation.
Korean burger...all the way...shockingly awesome...I am craving it so bad every day after my Vegas trip and I tried Umami's Korean burger in LA but it really disappointed me... \nSweet potatoes were not a fave for my group of friends. Service is nice!
Consistently good food. \nHad the Sundance Special. Nice and light. Just an amazing breakfast place.
Too loud and dark inside and waaay too smokey outside, if that is your scene, then you would probably enjoy the Cornish Pasty co. Service was also really slow and my food was super salty and luke warm when it did finally come, blech!
Came in to grab some alcohol. Wasnt sure of the reason for having the person I was with being ID'd. Then since I was in the self checkout. I totally forgot to get my booze security fixed. So made for a long drive back to teh store and then the alarm went off. Doh!!!!
I don't get what all the hype is about Earl of Sandwich. I've eaten here a few times and the sandwich is small (I need to order at least two) and the service is always slow. Looks like not everybody else here agrees with me but that is how I feel.
Not exactly French food, but very satisfying.  Huge meatballs and a seriously tasty burger for a fair price will have my friends and I return.
Stayed here for two nights.\n\nPros:\n- Cheap\n- Good location\n\nCons:\n- Unfriendly staff\n- Horrible food\n- Very smoky
This bar / lounge has excellent customer service and plays great tunes.  A really enjoyable stop on our night club crawl.
Good cocktails, cozy atmosphere,  great addition to the depth of Montford. Try The Prohibited at medium spicy.
Love love love this area! We loved it so much we bought a home just around the corner. Beautiful, clean, and variety!
Love this place.The food is awesome. My boyfriend is Cantonese and he said the food is authentic.  We go there weekly. Only flaw is the service. Da waitresses don't know how to wait tables.
We've been here quite a few times for movies.  I'm a fan of buying at the ticket kiosks so it helps that they all work.  This place has the big screens which is nice for movies that have a lot of special effects.
Very loud, but what sports themed restaurant isn't. I only wish is for a plate! Wings are always big and cooked perfect. My wife told me that she wanted, \"wings and beer\" for her valentine night out. She is my soul-mate!!!
Did not appreciate the wait time but love that this starbucks is open late and very early in the morning. Tried my first hazelnut machiatto tonight! Fell in love.
A little overpriced, but they are in south scottsdale.\n\nI had the BLT and really enjoyed it. I would definitely eat here again. The decor is really awesome, as well.
I love the root beer ! Service and atmosphere was cafeteria-like, food was average. Chicken strips and cheese curds were good.
Ordered the eggplant with tofu and papaya salad for takeout. Both were requested to be a medium spicy however it was pretty bland. If ordering for delivery, know that they are good about their time. I would've enjoyed the experience if the food was more flavorful.
This is an incredible place! I saw no reason to add my\ncomplements but in reading a review learned they close December 2014. I am in accord that it will be a terrible loss. This is a  :T H  A  N  K   Y O U!
We also had the white pizza with garlic and a pizza with half sausage and the other half basil and tomato.  Both were outstanding.  Overall this place has good food, service and atmosphere.  This place is good place to relax and enjoy. Get there early otherwise it's a wait
Checked this out on restaurant week. Great service. Awesome mexican chocolate cake. Plenty of food for whole family (brought along 5 y.o and 2 y.o who shared one kids meals with a ton of leftovers). Food is good not memorable but fun ambiance. We plan to go back for drinks.
Im a fan of good chinese. i must say the wonton soup was loaded with big fat wontons 8 of them and the pan fried noode dish with chicken was awesome.. i went twice.. Worth every penny!
This place never disappoints. Food is super, service is usually excellent! You will not leave here hungry. Try the brisket!
Near perfect nails. I'm very anal about my nails being shaped perfect, I always do acrylic then gel color. Really happy with how they turned out. This is my new go to nail salon from now on. Family ran so they care about your satisfaction. They're all fun to take to as well.
Oops this review was for Peoria location. Delete
My mom loves this restaurant ! Good food ! Big portion for its price! My favorite is BBQ duck and Peking duck is my next item to try!  Good service!!! 5 stars for this guy!
Really liked the place!
This is the best place to go after the club. The food is pretty good. Not the the best but it works when your intoxicated. Lol
This place was horrible. The food was bland and the margaritas tasted like sugar and lime syrup minus the alcohol. Plus we had 3 different servers that took our order twice. Never waist your money here.
I found this place last year.  Off the strip and everything is amazing.  There wasn't a single dish that did not exceed our expectations.  And almost everything we tried was unique.
It is a very good chinese fast food and good price. Sweet sour soup is very good   I will be back soon!
Nom sugar! I had some of the frozen hot chocolate and that definitely warmed me up and it was yum delish~ This place is pretty cute and my sweet tooth is overloaded when I come here. However, my wallet writes a suicide note as well.
I get here at 10pm and all hours are posted and it clearly closes at 1030pm.  Note to owner, your staff closes your restaurant 30 minutes before you close.  Thats why employees stay employees.  They dont care, one track mind.  Gtfoh.
Awesome place, great pizza.  Perfect for date night.  They even have some craft beers to try.\n\nWe had the Thai pizza, it is spectacular.
There was a long hair in my husband's sandwich.  He only discovered it by pulling it out of his mouth. DISGUSTING! There are sanitation requirements that are clearly not being met here!
Say they open at 8am...sitting here at 10 after and locked/shuttered. Can't open on time?
This food is Great! Freshly cooked, nothing microwaved like most trucks I have eaten from. Try out the burger and empanadas!!! I promise, you won't be disappointed.
Lame!!!!!!!  Why waste your time here when there are dozens of better shopping centers less than 3 miles sway?
Horrible customer service, rude, condescending, unapologetic, long wait (not even the worst part). Isn't there another, better burger place 2 streets over and across the street?
My husband and I had the Berry crepe with the coconut gelato ice cream. Yummy! We also took home some of the desserts on display. Can't remember the names of them but the raspberry macaroon thing was delicious. Very pricey though!
Don't plan on being treated very well. The hostess staff could care less about you when you arrive. They are just there to have poor attitudes and here cattle. Save yourself the trip and go somewhere else.
It's difficult to give this place a star. Pretty much all 100 items taste alike and you get stuck with a bill for 20 bucks per head. Take this from an Indian who was starving. Ok, the only silver lining was their samosa. Ok 20 bucks for 2 samosas.
no more 25cent wings. FAIL.
Had a great experience here AGAIN! Wonderful peanut butter bacon burger, would definitely order it again! Best burgers so far BBQ bacon and peanut butter bacon. I have tried the bleu cheese but it's a little strong for me! Definitely a must try!!
this place is fantastic! a hidden gem in chandler! i'm in phoenix and hardly go to chandler, but thai basil is so good that i'm just looking for an excuse to be out that way again!
Hello, its called the Pink Taco! Guaranteed to be just a name and not meant for any means of food quality. Hello....anyone getting this pink taco! Not tasty, no, no, no. It would be better if they served sausages and named it slippery dicks!
Food is mediocre but the banana split and fried oreo was mm mmm.  This place is a bit overpriced.
The service I received was Inconceivably Stupendous to say the least ! I highly recommend Wild Coyote. (Chad) was the best, Very informative and patient.
WTF, no more late night steak and eggs for 4 bucks?  got replaced for a TGIF?  not cool!
Sweet sassy molassey! These are some gooooood bagels. In fact, I think these are the best bagels I've ever had. You have to try some. They will change the way you look at breakfast breads forever!
Just to let you all know, since 17 of you found this 'Useful', Visa ruled in our favor and waived all charges associated with Fit Zone who would not return a phone call to contest the charges.
Great comic book store. Not only is the staff always nice, once they dragged a comic book from behind the counter just to give it to me, their last 1st printing copy.  Bonus: every comic bought comes with free bag ad board, yes!  If this place was closer I'd be here every week on Wednesdays of course.
I found it loud, uninteresting and poor service. The person I went with said nothing, possibly out of courtesy.
I go to circle k because they are one of the few stations to carry diesel fuel in south phoenix. The help is nice enough but hobos are always there bumming for change and you don't really want to touch the door handles. The stores in south phoenix always seem a bit run down.
Fantastic salads and sandwiches. Have not tried the pizza YET  The service is always excellent! Tell your friends.
Nice friendly place, but the pizza is different than any pizza I've ever had. Who would try to reinvent the wheel with pizza?
This is one of the worst buffets on the strip.  The food was cold and the selection was not so great.  I found it strange that they had cold cuts on the buffet.  Not worth your money!
Decent unassuming sports bar with good grub and good beer. Many TVs and a full bar. Service was as good as it gets. This place is owned by a nice young couple from Minnesota.
The service is extremely slow and the cashier is in no hurry to help customers. The staff would rather talk about there lifes to each other than service the person that pays there pay check.
Atmosphere was decent/ clean. Service was good, they are friendly and fast. The Greek salad was decent but not the best I've had. The chicken shawarma was not very good, maybe it's just me, would not order it again.
I haven't been here ever since I left Vegas, however I enjoyed my lunches there.  I would go back if given the chance.
Haven't heard a peep about the new Rosemary's. Anyone know anything????\n\nJust got back from Vegas and our trips just aren't the same without Rosemary's.
Food is very good.  Atmosphere is okay.  Staff is tops!
We were looking for a place to eat in the later part of the evening. We had the garlic knots and chicken wings. They hit the spot for late night snack, but I am not sure if I would come here for dinner. Don't get me wrong, I liked it but didn't love it.
Hands down best dessert of my life. Great menue, great prices and wonderful service.\nA must if you are in the area, you will be sure not to regret it. And beware the portions are huge!
Great coffee and delicious blueberry muffins !!!
Chicken portion was small, menu pictures look much bigger. Chicken seemed to have been sitting in fryer too long. $20 for 3 combo meals not bad. Oh yeah... get some barbecue sauce.
Been a couple of times now...once hosting a group of eight. Drinks are good and the service friendly and engaging. Menu needs some updating.
I never did the clense, but had smoothies, juices and bowls. Its a bit pricey, but fresh. I can here the employees juicing away in the back. The pitaya bowls are delish! I crave them.
Great atmosphere. Great bar. Decent pizza, not the best in town. I will be back.
Fun, high energy dueling piano bar. Bartenders are friendly
Nice tiny diner here you can pick up a burger, drink, and poutine while all not taking a huge hit to your wallet. It's pretty cozy and the chefs are cooking right in front of your face.
Good food and great service earn this spot 5 stars in my book. Had the French Toast with blackberries with two eggs and thick bacon. Cooked perfectly and filled me up.  Will come back when in the area.
I heart this place and had to stop here Monday before we left for lunch..they have great staff and good food at a great place.. best part the firefly lounge is attached to the Peppermill. So good food, followed with great cocktails.
love the cozy fireplaces in winter, uncrowded/classy bar, flaminco dancers, waterslide, beach pool, lots of jacuzzi's, friendly staff, relaxing couches
Definitely something unique to the normal doughnut. If you haven't been you need to try it. Best doughnuts in vegas. Only thing that could be done better is have all the varieties available in the am. Showed up at 7am and all varieties were not out yet
Great atmosphere, love the amenities and friendly, dedicated staff!
the food here is okay but, it is hit or miss. just beware they charge a delivery fee without telling you, till they come to your door. really?!
This airport is a bitch to get around walking or driving. Everything is marked and the layout is horrible.
Loved this place. The food is amazing and the deserts are yummy! They even made a grilled cheese sandwich for my 3 year old daughter, which was not on the menu. We've been to this place twice and will continue to come. Even though it is across town from us.
Very good street tacos with some good drink specials as well.  Tucked back in a strip mall but still a pretty cool atmosphere once you get inside.
Great prices and a lot of wine! God forbid if you're with anyone who is under 21! I went to buy one bottle of wine and they freaked out! So, if you have any friends tagging a long have them wait in the car! I had to come back on another day. It was annoying!
Wow, this place is terrible. I went here last night and ordered the pizza with Priscuitto. I don't even think they put this pizza in the oven. When I picked it up, it was cold and nothing was melted. There's no shot ever returning.
Some strong drinks for really good prices. Coronas for 3.75 not bad other places $6 minimum . You can gamble to a plus. Would come back
The food was good.  It was a cool atmosphere on a Sunday afternoon.  My wife and I both had one of their burgers and they were both delicious.  This place did not disappoint.  I am curious to see what it is like during football season.
Will never go to this place again.  Gross is an understatement.  Had to send my dish back as it made McDonalds look good.  Strange atmosphere.  Don't reallyfeel like going on about this place as it sucked.  Just don't go.
Great breakfast at the deli.  I love the biscuits and gravy with sausage links.  Most employees are very good to the customers.   Manager does a great job with the store.
Delicious chicken tortilla soup with large chunks of veggies!  Hit the spot on a cold day. \nThis is why I love yelp, without it I would have never veered off the main road en route  to Vegas.  We will def return next time Iin Wickenberg
Ill keep this one short. They have a good selection of wine, beer and other booze like products. But I would still recommend going to total wine instead. Its cheaper and the selection is the same if not better. On Thursday-Saturday 12pm-6pm they have an alcohol tasting which is nice for some free boozing!
There's been a menu revamp since it first opened and the food has markedly stepped up in quality
I am so excited to see Carolina's in the West Valley. There are not many places that I can enjoy Mexican food on my side of town and the price is right. You can tell by the long lines that we have been needing it for a while. Get there early on Saturday for Menudo cause they are usually out by 9:30.
Brilliant buffet- super spongy naan, crunchy pakoda and samosa were my favorites. If u r dying for some good Indian food, this place will definitely satisfy you
If you find yourself walking the Miracle Mile Shops in Vegas and want a solid inexpensive lunch I would suggest this restaurant. Good food and descent happy hour \"all day\" options. Good for kids. If you are wearing jeans and not a suit then this is your spot. Service was very good.
Love this place!! They have a full section on the menu with classic cocktails like Manhattans and Negroni's, with little bits of information on each of the cocktail. Their Happy Hour is probably one of the best in town! The steak was awesome and so was the service. Cannot wait to go back.
I wanted to add a bit to my husband's review. I ordered the spaghetti and clams, one of their more expensive dishes. There were a nice number of clams on the plate but the sauce was watery and tasteless.
Awesome food! Great Service.
booked the place. they put us on the last room before they remodeled entire hotel. find out the last day. wasn't pleasant experience
All time favorite restaurant! Good prices, good food, fast service!!
Looks like new york pizza, feels like new york pizza, but the taste falls short. 1st time here will try one more time...
This place is literally a lil gem. The menu is simple n the prices are more than fair for the quality of bbq they serve. Pig sandwich is awesome.
Food is good. Wait SUCKS. but considering i really wanted che of any kind....and spring rolls, i was willing to wait. no sense of system at this location.
I understand this is a kill shelter but there is only so much they can do. I am a foster for the shelter and have also adopted a cat from them. Angela and Jennifer have been very sweet from the start. I will definitely keep fostering for them and if able to once again, i will adopt.
Nice little pub with good pub food. Friendly staff. I recommend the cheesecake!
I stopped in because Pho Van is closed on Wednesdays. Very good portions, but was not blown away by the broth. Im a broth guy. Service was very good and the space is good. In the end, not bad...but not great.
I love stopping by this Starbucks. The staff here is great and it seems to be a lower traffic location- which makes for a quick drink or quiet break.
If getting in shape and changing your life is something you are trying to do then Sidney is the man to help you achieve that. I have been coming to him for 6 months now and have never looked better. It is a lifestyle that you will never want to give him up. It's an addiction! Best decision I ever made!
Pretty good selection of clothes here. They have a better women's collection of clothes I believe. I prefer TJ Maxx for guys clothes. The lady at the register was very rude to a lady in front of me and it bothered me. I understand you work at Ross and hate your life, but chill out at least you have a job.
I hate going to this pharmacy late at night, since there is never anyone working at the front they have this incredibly loud and annoying buzzer go off whenever someone comes into the store. Then it proceeds to go off every single time someone walks through that door. However, I would like to add that service is friendly!
Not bad for a casino floor dinning experience. Happy hour helps. Service was pleseant. Good value. Portions were good. Nice and convenient if you are staying at Planet Hollywood.
Nothing really to do with the service there but when I got gas an paid at the pump it charged my debit card $100 hold fee... I called an they said that's what the pay at the pumps there do, we'll post a big sign!
Terrible.  I would give zero  stars if I could. Forgot half of our order and then pretended to forget we ordered. And the acted like I was a jerk for reminding them to give me my drinks.
Not only is the food FABULOUS, but the people who work here are extremely friendly. Possibly some of the best service I've ever had.
Very good, food and service\nCallie was awesome!\nPleasantly suprizied
In my opinion... It tasted more like soft serve than the rich & creamy frozen custard that I am used to. It was okay though, just not frozen custard to me. The girl who waited on us was helpful & friendly.
Course is a little ran down for my likings.
Beautiful beautiful beautiful!!! Service was fantastic! We ordered shrimp risotto, sea bass w/cauliflower and the Scallops and polenta.  Yummy!!  What a fantastic dinner!!
It was pretty decent but fell short of the other reviews.  If you have had real Chinese food then this is OK.
This is a regular stop for great food when visiting from Florida - breakfast, lunch or dinner! Fresh, quality menu. Nice atmosphere and fun music!
Visited the shop today and sadly they are no longer in business. They haven't updated their website indicating they are no longer in business. Trying to save others from traveling unnecessarily.
Burrito excellent.....linguini not so good.....but I liked the walnut \"meatballs\".  For transparency I'm far from a vegetarian, I prefer a juicy burger.
great pizza place.. simple and easy.. Plaza has some great places to eat... best downtown
Not great coffee or tea - i thought this was surprising.  the breakfast was decent -- service was hipster indifferent
Thought we'd give them another try. Slowest jimmy johns ever. 45 minutes later and still not here.
Can I just say the people here are always AWESOME!  I never leave the drive through without a smile.  I sometimes find myself wondering where the heck do they get their energy then I remember .... Its a coffee joint!  Anyways, good service, great prices, fantastic espresso!!!
Probably one of the better places to eat at the airport if you don't want Burger King. Nice menu options, though I prefer the breakfast menu which is served until 11am. However, $18.99 for a chicken Caesar salad is a bit insane. Lower your prices please. Waitress was very friendly.
Most vile, disgusting breakfast I've ever had. Shit House a Go-Go is a great big no no. I was so mad when I left at being ripped off by this nasty place. Cold, huge portions of very bad food.
They have teaworst, so they're awesome. Buy teaworst.
This salon is one of the best in the valley. They have very good customer service and there workers are always trying their best to please the customers. Every time I go there I always come out looking amazing!
Meh - it's not that there was anything bad about the pizza, it just didn't blow me away or anything.  Good for a quick lunch at the counter.
Pretty freakin' awesome charcoaled burger. Great flavor, cooked well, and it's huge! Oh, and the cap'n crunch shake is just stupid good!
Great work at a fair value. I have used them for years for everything from simple repairs all the way to custom exhausts.
We saw mixed reviews on Yelp but we're glad we stopped. We used a restaurant.com coupon. I had a very good burger which was cooked to perfection. My husband had a rueben - crispy/crunchy marble rye bread and not soggy. We'd stop here again.
The photos by Amanda B. are all TRUE. My family and I have stayed in 5 different rooms at 2 different times of the year and there were issues with cleanliness and damaged furniture in every room, every time.
5:30pm, worst Baingan Bartha I've ever had. Un-fresh and damn near flavorless all but for some powdery heat. Please invest in fresh chillies; they keep well and will make that \"8\" really pop with flavor.
Just found this gem.  This is a great place for every ice cream lover.  Great place to hang out with friends or to go on a date.\n\nI recommend the sundaes at this place.  This is pure 50's and 60's style that isn't forced.  Staff are very friendly and patient.
I give this place 5stars cause they have some cool and hard to find books. I thought my college books were expensive when I was paying 400bucks per book....this place made me feel like I was paying lunch money for my medical books...crap!
Want to have authentic street tacos, as good as those you can find on the best corner in LA? This place delivers!\nOnly been in LV for 1 month and have already been back a dozen times.  Needless to say, I'm a fan!
The BORDER burger is delish! Onion rings are fantastic. The cookies, though they look bad, are very good! The service is good too.
Been starving for 2 days and finally decided to try this buffet out.. I really love the variety of foods only thing that disappointed me was the red velvet cake was brown and there was only 3 different types of sushi rolls
It was next to our hotel, looked better than what they offered. I have been to better Irish Pubs with better food authentic food selections. It was nice, clean and large restaurant.
This store is always busy. They generally have the best employees in the morning hours, and lack good help in the evenings. So visit early and ask for Monica, Bree, Lauren for the friendliest service.
I'm sorry to say but this place wasn't up to my excpectations.. The food was good but they were okay portions.. After I ate there, I was never going back there..
Used to love this place til their white woman employee was rude to me when I came in 30 minutes before closing. Came back a week later, told the owner, and he defended her. Nothing special about this place, so I will go to one of the other gazillion nail places in this town.
Strictly stuck to dim sum in the morning/early afternoon on my last trip and was pleasantly surprised. The dim sum was delicious and the prices were quite reasonable. Service, as far as dim sum restaurants go, was excellent.
This location is now closed.
Took a friend from Maine who was blown away by H&J. I had 1lb snow crab in lemon pepper and 1lb shrimp in H&J sauce. Friendly staff and casual atmosphere. Perfect place to smash some crab legs.
\"Just had the salmon it was delicious. Excellently seasoned cooked perfectly. My friends ordered the short ribs... Very good. The pizza is way cheap on the cheese. Lost a star on that one.\n\nAmbiance & service was most pleasant. We'll be back!\"
The driver was nice but took way too long to get to my drop off (1 1/2 hours). Not worth it....
You'll know when you've hit it.\n\n(Ba-dum crash!)
The Keg is a great spot to have a nice dinner.  We enjoy it because we can get a great dinner in a somewhat casual setting.  The baked garlic shrimp are delicious and so is their French onion soup.  The steaks are usually cooked perfectly, and if for some reason they aren't, they are quick to make it right!
Customer Service=Excellent \nFood: AMAZING\nCleanliness: Flawless \nWhat I recommend: The red velvet chocolate chip pancake... and try the bread in the pot.
My wife and I each had the Cobb Salad for our lunch.\nIt was totally sub par. Cubed turkey. Wilted romaine. Starchy corn. Bacon almost non existent. Dressing tasteless. Price 15.95. As bad as it gets ,quality wise.
Went here with my boyfriend today and loved it! The food was delicious, especially the chicken marsala. Great service by both the waiter(who was friendly and fast)and the kitchen staff that brought the food out. Overall a great experience.
The Lemongrass Chicken Sandwich was one of the best sandwiches I have ever had, but I am a sucker for Southeast Asian flavor.  I wish the sandwich was bigger, but I really can't complain.  Go hard, Elixir.  go hard.
Even after all this low carb craze, bagels still taste good and is a good food to eat. Einstein bagels makes some of the freshest bagels, and what it comes down to is the preparation and the water they use. Definitely go for a quick breakfast bite!
Pizza is great! Crust is awesome, homemade sausage is fabulous! Horrible in attentive staff. We were the only table and  both waitresses  ignored us the entire time.  Unfortunately the service was so disappointing that I will not return.
A nice lunch place. If you want something healthy with some flavor and won't break the bank this place is A-1. The staff was nice so I'm not sure where those comments of unfriendly staff came from. The chicken was very well cooked & didn't feel weighed down after eating it. Will go back again.
Slowest Starbucks on the planet. Drinks are fine, same as all Starbucks. But don't go through the drive through, and don't think it will be faster to walk in.
This place was pricey, but worth every single penny! Honestly, from the above and beyond service to the amazing food, this steakhouse was one of the best dining experiences I have ever had in Phoenix.
It's your average Kohls. Clean and well organized. The staff I encountered were all friendly and offered assistance. Would shop here again.
Great variety and they offer fresh wasabi :)
This place is a piece of crap!!! The service is slow an the food is awful this was my third visit and every time the service and food kept getting worse! Management there is a joke they don't know their head from their ass let alone how to manage a restaurant.
Everyone give this place a shot! !!! Try It atleast once...the parking lot isn't looking great and I hope for success
I like small businesses like this. There prices are reasonable and the staff is very courteous. The food is also decent. I have to admit, the location kinda sucks because it is hidden by buildings. My wife doesnt like pad thai but she actually enjoyed theirs. So that should say alot about this restaurant.
Our dogs love going here., They enjoy interacting with the other canine clients and hanging out  behind the counter before and after their grooming sessions.  They always look great when they come home.  I like the availabiilty of Sunday appointments which is helpful to us humans with busy work schedules.
Best cheesesteaks I've had since I left the Northeast.\n\nLove the food, but the tables could be cleaner--hard to do though with that much greasy cheesesteaky awesomeness floating in the air.
All Starbucks are not created equal. This location is good. Staff very friendly and helpful and the coffee was good!
The food was decent.i wouldn't put it any higher then two stars my drinks was watery and the chicken was cook uneven.but my sides were great the mash potatoes were good and the Mac and cheese was exceptional and the service well to be continued.
Moist, fresh yummy donuts.  Iced white chocolate mocha better than Dutch Bros Coffee.   Will never go anywhere else for donuts.
nice hotel! we got a suite and it overlooked the Las Vegas strip.  the room was like a mini studio, which included a separate dining space.  definitely a killer deal!
Shared a small white pie and cheese steak w/onions & cheese whiz w/my bf for dinner last night. Both were deeeelish! I would highly recommend to try.
Absolutely loved my experience at the Griffin.  It's the Las Vegas anti-strip.  Cheap drinks, great music and friendly people.  I mean seriously friendly people.  My wife and I would walk anywhere in the bar without someone striking up a conversation.  We had a blast.  So, so glad I ventured downtown.
Hole in the wall says it all. Food is almost cafeteria like but it's old Vegas style and it beats the chain italian joints by far because of the atmosphere.  Gordie the accordian player is quite the entertainer. Good fun with a bunch of friends.
I had the truffle potato chips, steamed mussels, italian sausage oven brick pizza and three cheese mac n cheese. Overall The food was appetizing although I think the prices were a little high. Service was great. We didn't have a reservation and they still say us quickly.
The highlight of my last Vegas trip. Ingenious choreography that chronicles the Beatles career from mod to peace-and-love to Indian-inspired. There doesn't appear to be a bad seat in the house. I was enthralled and have been singing the songs ever since!
Terribly over priced for what you get! Pretzels with fondue tasted like salty rocks dipped in salty cheese honestly I can see how they are drop outs lol. Rude staff as well only come here if you want to have terrible service and pay too much for bad food
Excellent food! Great choices! We came for the breakfast buffet and were very pleased in all aspects! Get here early to avoid the rush we got here about 9am
Just stopped by for lunch special and had the 911 roll, level 10. Hooo weee they should rename it the 91run roll. The special spice is super hot!!! Friendly staff, and for under $7 lunch special, you can't beat that.
Liked it so much...ate there twice during trip to Vegas. Only suggestion is to peridiocally clean the table. My garbage (i.e. straw wrapper, used napkins,) was starting to comingle with my food.
I've been coming to Cosmo nails now since June and I have to say this place is absolutely my new favorite shop and I wouldn't go anywhere else. It's the best one in NLV. Everyone does an amazing job as well. Kudos!!
Had breakfast here only. Its decent but overpriced. $15 for a simple omelet?
Got it for dinner tonight- can't wait to drown ounce of my chicken bowl in extra teriyaki sauce that they have out for free!
Unfortunately we won't be returning until their health grade improves from a C, if at all. We love this place but their cleanliness and food handling demerits are a deal breaker.
A cool lunch spot.  It was busy, but most places that are good are.  Food was great, tons to choose from.  Will def be back.
I love coffee! This place felt very \"home-y\". The people behind the counter were very friendly. The coffee was alright, but I had a cappuccino. They also closed an hour before the posted time-
No better comic shop in the Madison area
Don't eat here. There were bugs in our food, but to top it off they were very rude about the whole situation. They tried to make it seem like we had mistaken the bugs for mushrooms! Horrible service, horrible place.
Visually stunning but I fell asleep half way through! At least I got to bring in food.
Loved this place! Fish tacos were amazing! The restaurant was very clean and Steven who was working was wonderful!\nOnly thing I would recommend is lime for the tacos.
great service. kinda pricey. I would say 15+ for a burger or sandwich.  But what can you say? You're on the strip.  It was pretty tasty though and they dont take too long on making the food.\n\nOh and they give free popcorn out.
Employees are rude, store is a mess, no one knows where anything is even when it says they have 30 in stock. Worst run store i have ever been too. Demeanor on the phone is also horrible. Calling corporate is also worthless because they will either not answer the phone or do nothing about the issues.
Below average in most aspects, service, food, and atmosphere. What they have going for them is price and lack of competition in Verona in this price range. Great lunch spot, but coffee was cold and apps got to the table before the drinks!
Boring! The music was so loud your brain vibrated. The guys couldn't dance, amateurs and not good looking! The pranks were old and the show stale.
Super tasty and fresh, broth inside every bite, some of Montreal's best dumplings.
Had the steak and cheese, it was ok, not worth the money.\n\nStaff was very friendly, place was clean but the food was mediocre.
Matt is our server tonight. I ordered a Bacon cheeseburger and a sweet tea with onion rings as the side. My wire ordered some breakfast thing. There are five people in here including us. We'd hoped for more dinner theater, alas.
So terrible.\nEverything... besides the hotcakes.
Probably the most consistent smoothies chain. I like that they post calories. They are a little expensive and the girls working the counter don't always seem like they care all that much. Service is generally quick and I like their frequent customer card. All in all, you could do a lot worse.
This location is CLOSED.  Even though the sign is still on the building.
Guys there's nothing to see or do here in the winter right now, heads up. It's just some wooden rocking chairs and a wooden carousel mouldering under the snow near the market. Looking forward to seeing what they do with this space come spring 2015!
I love this place! Really good coffee - really great food. I love the plate collection! As awesome as it gets. It's my replacement for an old favorite in Calgary - Nellie's. Love this place :) Had a pregnant cowgirl and a coffee. Will go back as soon as I have the opportunity.
feel like quality has declined... their menu has changed no more meatball =( but still a good option for late night eats still 24/7
Mom back in town for a visit and we decided with Valentine's Day a few days away we would come here.  My Mom and I enjoyed our relaxing pedicure while my daughter smiled cheek to cheek while getting her nails and toes done.  Very cute red polish with pink hearts.
The ambiance and service were great. Food was mediocre. Good for a evening with friend but no culinary delight.
They sell defective merchandise and wont even exchange it (and no I didnt use it before I tried to exchange it)
Main course was great app was bad... The manager was not very interested in my opinion on app. Her comment was \"well that's how we make them here. \"
Good late night option.  Very cheap and pretty good has something for everyone.
PCP recommended Dr. Tindall two years ago. He was unavailable and I saw Dr. Pappas. Ended up having surgery and that joint feels excellent now. Staff is friendly and actually respond the voice messages. \n\nI agree with David M's suggestion on scheduling 100%.
Postal Max on FLW is the true neighborhood place - always seeing people I know.  Mike, the owner, runs a great ship and I've used the store for years now.  If you're looking for that one-stop postal service biz where you're actually known by name, give this Postal Max a try.
Took my buddy here to sober him up.  Food was way over priced.  Way better places to eat on the strip.  Save your money for the bars, strip clubs and the poker tables.
Great deal, caring service, and somewhat different soup in my pho experience. Delish thin rice noodles in perfection :D loved the temperature of my pho. Will come back soon!
I ate here last weekend. The bacon burger I had was pretty dry. The wings were a little soggy somehow. It's a good thing I was pounding 23oz Stella's or this may get a 1 or a 2. Service was okay. Not much else to add unfortunately.
Go during happy hour.  Prices are very reasonable. Portions are also very large. I recommend sharing dishes so everyone can taste a variety of foods.
I've been coming here for over 30 years. When I think of home, I think of Manuel's. Traditional Mexican cuisine, unbelievably friendly staff, and the worlds greatest bartender. I highly suggest you make this a regular spot.
I hope you guys can use fresh crawfish for the customers!
Over rated
Food was good. Somewhat of a cramped building. Menu isn't extensive, but food was pretty good.
Wine = very good. Food = tasty. Service = not so good. Wish they focused more on checking in throughout the meal and we would come back more often.
the place where all you gotta have is a record to work there!!!sweet!!!
Holy little baby Jesus! This place is awesome! Ridiculously good. Awesome decor. Now... the only problem is finding it. But I think that may be a good thing lest it be overrun by drunk hillbilly's with giant blenders of frozen goop.
Another chain restaurant where we decided to check out the Vegas branch. This was a very large location, with a fun view of the strip. Service was attentive and friendly, and our food was fine- definitely edible, but nothing special. My peach bellini was my favorite part.
Great place. Friendly obliging staff. Well organized. Food delicious and presented attractively. Menu--something for everyone.  Love it.
Took the family here tonight and had a very good dinner. Hibachi steak was cooked to a perfect medium and wife's salad was good quality with fresh greens.  Nothing over the top but always a good, consistent experience at ckf.
Gods breakfast in a cool small town cafe atmosphere. Recommend this to everyone! Forget the chain restaurants and come here for breakfast or lunch. Dinner is available on Thursday and Friday nights.
This place is great.  I don't know why you would go anywhere else.  Jamie was extremely friendly and helped calm down my nervous Goldendoodle when we arrived.  Everything was perfect and all at a very good price.
I had a last minute project that had be submitted ASAP - architectural drawing - Love the fact they were open 24 hours and I submitted and had it back in 5 hours on a Sunday!!\n\nGreat service!\nOlga
loved the food! The service was excellent as well! We walked in 30 minutes to close and were treated like we were the first table of the day for the entire meal. Waffle dog was yummy! Breakfast burrito was huge and delish! We will def be back!
Ordered the double pepperoni with bacon & add spicy sausage please. Where's the bacon, where's the sausage. Very Dry. Little to no cheese or sauce !!   Not Good !!\nMy first and last pizza from Papa John's & this location.
Good service with well seasoned seafood except for the taste less oysters that I don't recommend to anyone who loves oysters.
Spain this is not. More like rednecks running from rodeo bulls with rounded off horns. The event had a small festival across the street that I found to be more fun. My prediction is that this event will continue to grow and mature and at some point will be worth attending. Good luck!
The staff and management here are great. Very attentive and nice. The food was mediocre. The biggest issue was the screw that I bit into in my burger. The management handled it well so I have nothing bad to say about the staff but I probably won't return.
Its good cheap mexican food, but it give you diarehha!
Food was o.k., nothing special; my escargot entree was lukewarm, the meat was chewy.  The waitress is very unfriendly and snotty, does not offer any suggestion as to what we should order.  Would not go back.
The best dinner night out with my wife in a long time. \nService was great. Food was great too.\nIt was a happy place with talk and laughter all around you. The whole restaurant was ablaze with life and patrons having a great evening.\nGotta go back.
I thought that this place would be at least Ok for breatfast. I got their pretzel bread breakfast sandwich, it was so greasy it was barely edible for me. The hash browns were alright, they were the same ones I had in grammar school. Lots of ketchup helped.
The food was great! A tad bit pricy! I have never felt so rushed to dine though! Glasses were taken away before drinks were finished and rolls came out at the same time as cocktails! Also really loud that we could hardly hear our server speak!
I decided to give them another try and the food was much better this time. I ordered the wings extra crispy and they turned out perfect. The magna fries are also just a great little side to kill that diet you've been working on, but definitely worth it.
WOW! Love this place, I'm still sitting here and I couldn't wait to write a review...\nFood is awesome, great service (we set in the bar) and fine cocktails!\nIf you love food, you must try this place!
fantastic meal and a fun atmosphere
Good prices and clean rooms. Easy access to the strip. Can't ask for more. I would recommend this place to my family and friends. I stayed there on 1/1/11 and it only cost me $67. That's cheap compared to other places that charge way more on new years on the strip!
Great Food, Atmosphere, had a bad waitress, but me and my decided to take brother and his friend and everything was great!!!
I've never left a hair cut completely happy with what it looked like before meeting with Shawn at R Salon.  I'll never go to anyone else Shawn gets it right every time.  Highly recommended.
DON'T GO HERE! I got FOOD POISONING from this place...and I nearly died 2 days later. Not to mention, the gyro was bland and yucky. Stay away! :(
This place rocks. They are great for kids but also give high quality mani pedi for not a lot of money. There is a mother and her two daughters who are the primary operators but all the others are great too. They are either slammed busy or can do walk ins. I hope they continue to do well because they are my go to.
Do yourself a favor.  Grab a cab and don t wait 45 minutes after being told that its a 15 minute wait.  NO REFUNDS when you decide the wait isn t worth the lost time in Vegas.
Delicious. We had beef bun, spring rolls and beef ph\u00f4. Nice little place to stop for quick dinner before the movies - conveniently next door.
This was awesomely entertaining.  The humor was great and the music was excellent.  Some good stuff with lights and the set design was very well put together.  Drinks were expensive but I guess it's Vegas so, get drunk before you go in for free at the tables.  FOR THE WIN!
great spot near the capital, with cozy outdoor seating.
This place has the best sandwiches and soup ever! Better than subways or quizznos! \n\nIts open 24/7 and its soo freakin cheap!! \n\nAll of their sandwiches is freakin amazing!!! You must try this place out!
Interesting and eclectic. I've made better moussaka and hummus at home but its a nice alternative to humdrum burgers and fries
Lady with lip piercing didn't seen welcoming. She was annoyed it seemed that I was there. I had a frosty it was like most and I had a value fry which was also good! Food is good just work on the friendliness and welcoming attitude please.
Always great. Try the Royal Red Robin Burger!!
Came to the bar and ordered a \"likiliki\" drink - super fruity cocktail in one of those big long cups! \n\nWe are in Vegas, minus well enjoy it and party like a rockstar! Party like a rockstar! ;)
Food was decent but the hostess discriminated against us in seating. As the only minorities in the restaurant, and what felt like all of madison, I didn't really appreciate her service. I wrote up the full story on my traveblog here: http://bit.ly/1vxQ2Vs
Clean, large, and comforable. Klipsh surround sound is high quality. Parking is awful almost any time of day, so be prepared to work up a sweat walking!\n\nHaving lots of restaurants nearby makes this a great venue for date-night or a night out with friends!
Nutella Stuffed Croissant...need I say more?  Stopped in here on our way out of town for a quick bite to eat.  Was not disappointed with the Nutella Stuffed Croissant that everyone raved about.  Wished that I had more time to try other things on the menu.
I work pretty close by this wendys and every time I go there they always get my order wrong and the food is never fresh. It's disappointing .
Service here is the worst the associates here don't know products in the store first and foremost  there ads the associates lie about there position and stereo type customer   I would not send my dog here to pick up stuff if he knew how to drive lol but this store needs a under cover boss because this store sucks
Went here for lunch while visiting Pioneer Village. We all ordered cheeseburgers and thought they were really good. There is a really neat old bar in there worth checking out.
A wonderful atmosphere with great potential. We had dinner on the second week after opening and it was hectic, poor table lighting to read menu, food and service was slow because they were so busy. But we will be back to see how they have worked out the kinks. Great partnership to care for birds.
Wow, I don't get it! Way over priced for just so-so burnt pizza while sitting on uncomfortable chairs, and people packed in like sardines, couldn't even hear yourself think.  The smell of the oven was nice though.
Was ok
Friendly service but food was just ok. Maybe an off night.
Must say one of the worst buffet I had. The foods had limited favors, not much of a selection and please don't try their Pho! Dessert I must say was great.
Christy did a fantastic job from beginning to end! I'm new to Las Vegas and was struggling finding a decent nail salon but now I don't need to look anymore! Will definitely be back again!
Great way to keep my back moving and in shape. Dr Tom is the best as I drove all the way from downtown.
If you want to be ignored by bartenders who think they are way too hot for this place i.e. doing their makeup in the mirror, than this place is for you.... Over priced drinks with exact jiggers??????? Boooooo midtown
Great conditions on the day I played. Shortish course, but has tough greens. Played terrible and shot 80, so not a course that will bring you to your knees. Excellent Arnold Palmer design. Go about 20 minutes earlier than normal as you have to take a cart ride to hit the range.
What happened lotus cuisine? You used to be OK but now you just don't care anymore. The last 3 dishes I've ordered from you tasted awful and the local me in in particular had as much flavor and eye appeal as a cup of water. You no longer deserve my business.
So disappointed. Went there mainly for the individual apple pie a la mode that I loved as a kid. The only apple pie on the menu was for 2 people for $12.99. Come on!!  My beef brisket was mostly gristle covered by a heavy sauce.  Bring back the pie, please!,
Not the mall that it once used to be. Most of the places that I once used to go to are gone. I was so excited when they built the bookstore, but now that is gone too.  The only saving grace is the cheesecake factory.\n\n:-(
Good for a quick bite if you've been shopping in the area but don't expect a lot.  The service is great.  The restaurant could use a little added warmth in decor.  The food is average but well priced.  I would not drive put of my way to go there but I wouldn't drive by if I was hungry
Best Philly cheesesteak in town!
Food is uninspired, dry, tasteless and bland.  Not worth the effort, not just because of the food, but because it is always busy for some reason.
Very good Thai restaurant.  Beef Larb had an amazing flavor, unlike I've had before.  Curry was excellent, and they were generous with the shrimp.  One of the few Thai restaurants that actually provides VERY spicy food if ordered that way.  Fast, friendly service, and wonderful food.
Decent Mexican food for decent price. I'd only get it if I'm craving it. Got the carne asada fries. Not really that great. I'd probably only come back for the burrito deals.
Amazing burgers, right there with Inn and Out.
I like many others have heard good things about this place.  It must be good of so many people like it that there is a 30 minute wait for a table of 4? We had to sit on a bench in a dark hallway toward the restrooms waiting.  Saw several customers attempt to get the bartenders attention only to give up.
Great menu. Awesome food. Place was packed and had a wait for good reason! I There is pretty much every thing you can imagine on the breakfast menu and all the dishes that came to our table were great and the portions huge (you could easily split!).
The food is great for the price but the service here is f'n horrible.  Maybe not all the waitress is horrible but dawana is just flat out rude and she moves like she had lead in her shoes.  She needs to change her career.
Great value. Very comfortable beds and excellent breakfast   . Just wish they had umbrellas and pool service. We will stay here again.
Great burger!! Everything is fresh and you can taste it in ever bite!! My waitress was very nice and I would definitely go back. I got the classic combo with a milkshake $21.. Price-wise, it was not bad compared to the deli across the hall..
This place is Vegas' best cocktail room, as far as I know. The drinks are delicious, authentic, and affordable. The staff is cool, calm, and friendly. See you there...
Never has customer service and competency been so bad...never. Wasted my time, money...no apologies. No compensation. By the end of a frustrating two day experience, I simply cancelled everything.
Darrell and Sharon (the owners) are great.  Have become a regular and had many things repaired.  Prices are reasonable and fair for repair and also for purchases.  The staff has very little turnover and they obviously care.
We rolled in with a party of 10 for my Son's 21st b-day party. The pizza pies are great - thin crust and very tasty. The place can get very busy...however the waiters and waitresses don't miss a beat with great service.
Great food.  I was surprised at the quality and options. Really liked some of their specialty rolls. Baked lobster roll was one of our favorites. We had 3 big guys with lots of drinks and it was under $200.
This place is great and open late. It's always nice to have a vietnamese restaurant open for those of us who love eating late.
Food is good though wish the place would little bit more clean so we don't have to take out always.i like panda express and go there 3 or 4 times a month.but today I am disappointed because the lady gave me little amount of honey walnut shrimp than usual.:(
The hotel is nice at first glance. But if you are sensitive to smell watch out you will be sick with massive headaches. They said it was the cleaning solution but I believe it is mildew. \nIf you are a smoker and can't smell anything  it will be fine for you.
Pretty good pizza. One of the better pizza places in Pittsburgh. The pepperoni they use is pretty good. It is a nice cup and char.  Sauce is decent too.
Zapatas has decent food, but this review is about my To Go order.... $7.50+ for a \"medium\" salsa.... and No Chips!#! It was far short of a Medium. and No Chips?? Boo!!
Melt in your mouth barbecue and brisket. The mac & cheese and creamed corn are also delicious. Try everything!\n\nAlso, if you like Cheerwine they serve it in glass bottles. Delicious!
One of the finest AJ's locations I have encountered.  The items are always well stocked, the service is always impeccable and the Grill is always well serviced.  The bakery happens to be my favorite, with a vast selection of exquisite desserts.  Never fails to impress.
Great Mexican restaurant inside Planet Hollywood. Affordable,  a lot of food to share, good guacamole and salsa chips, friendly and fast service.  Nice seating area inside and outside, expectantly view. Over all - super satisfied!!!
The food was excellent as was the service. I had the shrimp and clams, which was absolutely delicious. The staff was very friendly and knowledgable about the menu. They also have a great happy hour.
Really delicious Mexican food, huge portions... Not health or diet food... But delicious!
This place reminds me of the little donut places in NYC. The donuts are fresh no matter what time you go, and they're open 24 hours a day/7 days a week! Who does that in AZ! Yay!
I went to breakfast yesterday ...I was so surprised how bad the food quality  went down ....it use to be so good .....If you want a good breakfast just go down blue diamond rounders ...
Best orange chicken I've ever had, and the pork lo mein was fantastic! I ordered for take-out, but the staff was friendly and prompt. I'll be back for sure.
Ate there Sunday for lunch it was the worse pizza I have ever eaten we had the house special! I have eaten  frozen pizza that tasted better! First and last time I will visit, husband agreed with me!!
Bartender charged me $29 for a Bellini that was just champange!! rip off city, don't stop here.
Great food.  Way overpriced.  Tableside guacamole.  Two people, bill was over $250.  I'd say that it was some real expensive Mexican food.
Best I can tell this place is closed. Was just at Mandalay Bay this past weekend and this shop was a ghost town. Not a single bottle seen on the shelves, paper taped over their front door, and their web site is broken. Adios ...
Grade: Pure Evil\n\nAt least I lost 10 pounds when I got a parasite from the undercooked duck. The nastiest calamari ever. Maybe they eat it that way in Japan. I live in Madison. Jerks.
This is the best Mexican food I have ever had... There tortillas are the best in town! 5 stars
Would be a higher rating had there not been open mouth male kissing. Enjoyed the sexual environment but that was totally disgusting and changed my view of the whole show.
Reasonable price for the engine swap but the guy who's in the front desk don't know how to do customer service. Owner is known to be good for swaps but the front desk guy don't know how to do customer service and pretends to know shit
The staff here are always cheerful and friendly, and while the items here are a bit pricey ($6 for a large smoothie or milkshake) you get your money's worth.
Worst Korean restaurant in AZ.\nThey have Horrible Service and Taste.\nAre you still wondering? Go and see for yourself.\n\nThe one in Chandler is AWESOME tho
For the Americans out there, it's pretty much a smart and final, but with regular sized items. Kinda dirty and unorganized, but the store gets the job done.
The food is amazing, but you might want to consider carrying a weapon when you come. You might end up getting shanked.
Pizza was nasty, soggy, floppy, oily.
This is a good pool if you've got kids. However, you need to head out early if you want numerous lounge chairs.
I love the bagels here. They are tasty and always taste fresh. I would eat here for breakfast every weekend if I could! \n\nHowever, some locations are better than others- they are not always consistent.
Just went there for dinner again.  What happened?  Pizza was downright lousy.  Crust was awful-sausage not tasty at all.  Completely forgettable.
great buffet probably one of the best in Vegas with the buffet of buffet deals. Lots of selection. They even have hanging Peking ducks and pork. Great service as well. Line was not to long maybe 30 minutes top.
This is for the Voodoo lounge -\n\nThe view is nice, but everyone is rude and treats you like a second-class citizen.\n\nNo thanks, I didn't come to Vegas to be treated like dirt.
Nice digs, but lines are too long... Not as hip as one says it is. Been there once, probably wont be back again.
We had the pulled pork sandwich.  No bbq sauce which I thought was weird.  So it was a little dry.  The coconut shrimp was awesome though.  The best part of our lunch had to be the cocktails.  The mai tais were awesome.  I would eat here for drinks and appetizers.
First class staff and operation. They rebounded well from a mishandling of my order and had a great solution proposed before approaching me. Awesome service. I will definitely be back.
Excellent doctor, service, and care! Would recommend to anyone!!!
Excellent burger. The service was very good. We sat outside, and the patio is right on the parking lot; not all that pleasant. We will definitely return for breakfast; excellent sounding menu. All in all a good place for breakfast or informal lunch.
Unfortunately, I won't be going back here, nor will I recommend to my friends and family.\nSlow, but friendly service, and the food was just ok.\n\nSorry Bacon, I really wanted to like you...
Dr. Khayami is fantastic. He is thorough and really wants the best results. The massage therapist is great and makes you feel relaxed with a massage prior to your adjustment. Went there with a neck problem and have really seen results.
They are back after moving locations. Great food and great service. A must try if you like Thai food.
Do not even think  about it. After seeing tv ads decided to try the chicken. Wrong, dry, old but the staff was having was having a great  time, quality was not a concern.
Decent banh mi. Okay bun cha.
Used to be great. Now it's a waste of time and poorly run and managed. Why in the world would you have someone with no experience running the place on a Saturday evening?\n\nNo kind of help. This place used to be a great place to learn about wines and talk with the employees.
Funky, spunky....just give me the soup!!!  Believe it or not, but this place has THE best soup in Charlotte!  Don't be afraid to browse around the eclectic shop with many many organic & natural (genuinely) wares....
39 cent tacos special (normally 69 each)... Crunchy shells, mildly spiced ground beef. \n\nIn the Lowe's parking lot. Drive-thru convenience or eat in. \n\nCheap, fast, friendly. Sometimes that's what you are after.
My family with three young children have eaten here twice. The staff are super nice to my kids and we love that each kid gets a personalized favorite meal.
don't go to this store if you don't want to sit for 30 minutes when it's not busy just to get a new iphone. place is full of employees walking around.
PROS:  The guys are in great shape and very interactive with the audience.\n\nCONS:  They can't dance their choreographed routines at all.\n\nSo when you are a female looking to just let loose, this is definitely the best in Vegas.
The food inside victory cafe in the cannery is horrible ! Low quality food!
The buffet was the best..had a little bit of everything..a little pricey but well worth it..the lines can be very long when it's busy..other than that,it was great!
Yummy, yummy, rich tasting ice cream.  The pumpkin really tasted like a ice cream-ified pumpkin pie!
Best Cheese Pizza in Vegas.  Crispy crust, over sized slices.  Nothing further to say.
Friendly staff, get product very clean store.  I love the Starbucks in side the store as well.  Very well managed Target if you are looking to shop at Target.
Super packed and still pretty quick. Do I really need to do a review of this? Try a normal double double and if you dont like it... go somewhere else. You don't need to be waisting my time by standing in line in front of me.
Food poisoning! Yikes! AVOID
Good. Spicy food.
Great service. Low prices.
Disaster! Unbelievably disappointing. I understand they need to make money but after upgrading to a suite and finding out everything is booked solid, no space at the pools, restaurants sold  out for tonight iI Feel like I've been flimflammed! Will never return!
Finally found a great nail salon in the NW. The staff is very creative and takes pride in their work.
Great little Spot to eat.  The food is very authentic. I highly recommend trying this place out when close to Tolleson.
I lived in Phoenix for years and returned to be extremely disappointed with both the service and quality. Took 30 minutes to get my food on a slow night, plus the waiter gave our food to another table. All in all, no longer a fan here.
I tried the \"Peach-Mint\" and it was delicious. It has actual chunks of ripe peach in it ...\n\nI want to try the \"Blackberry-Lavender\" next ...
Downtown retail in Pittsburgh is grim. Macy's seems to be it in terms of shopping. Washrooms are hard to find, the layout is a mite confusing, and product selection is just dull.
Die Bedienung war sehr nett. Der Cocktail und die burger waren lecker und die Vorspeise war klasse.
Traders is a fun store. While it does not have everything i need when i go shopping, it does have some really great specialty items and loads of bachelor food. I am a loyal fan and always will be.
I love Diana! She's the best!!! Great customer service and great spa pedicure. They even massage u with hot rocks! And prices are cheap with all this extra service :-) I will never go anywhere else
I had a Fettuccini Alfredo and I was disappointed... This is a wast of money... I thought  Wolfgang Puck , the famous chef would have better tasting dishes....
Walked in today to make a simple exchange and Art had no idea how to treat a client. He was rude short and condescending I'll never return to this store and you shouldn't either!
Great beer selection but not a good spot if you are in the mood for something else.
Great sports bar! It's very crowded on Sundays for football, but its worth it because they have some great drink specials and plenty of televisions to catch the all the games! The bartenders, management and waitstaff are very friendly! I highly recommend this place! By the way, the bee sting wings are amazing!
Definitely worth a visit. A lot like Efes in food style. I wish the bread was more pita-esque. Personal preference of mine. A little disconcerting at the bottom of the plate when everyone's bare-knuckling it into the grub.
I have to take off a star because its true, u pay the same for a one trip thru salad bar as u would at the actual resturaunt. They dont have the selection as the actual resturaunt, no blueberry muffins and no coupons! Love the staff though, they always remember us :)
Great atmosphere and I love what they did with my hair! Exceeded my expectations! Thank you Carol
This place sucks. Way over priced on everything. Any wine or stiff drinks can be found at Albertsons  just up the street way cheaper. The sandwiches have nothing on  capriotti's a few miles away. At best House of Vino is a 7-11 with out the gas.
The good: Chicken & apple sausage. Yum!\nThe bad: VERY limited gluten free options. The waitress wasn't willing to work with me. I ended up ordering off the a la carte menu. How difficult would it be to add a plate with eggs + protein + fruit/side.
It's a lovely restaurant. Everything is well prepared. Sauces are delicate and flavorful.  Veggies are fresh and crispy. Meet is tender. Sushi is well done and yummy. I get their bento box for lunch. It's a perfect amount of food and everything is tasty.
I took both my doggies here for the first time today and I will never take them anywhere else! Both my dogs have ever had such an adorable haircut. Not only where they affordable but the staff was amazingly skilled and so friendly!
Old school Vegas feel! Love it! Delicious food!!!! One of my favorite steakhouses in the country!
They need better food options. It's dirty and smelly. But what can I expect, its the gateway to sin city!
These guys are awesome. I have no idea what we would have done during the monsoon season without them. Mike, our tech, is fantastic ~ always goes above and beyond in everything he does. And everyone at the company is amazing to deal with. Thank you again and again for everything you've done this summer.
I ordered Karaage and grilled pork ramen at this restaurant. The food was pretty satisfactory, but it was a bit pricey that I'm not sure if I would check out next time.
This place has great chai, coffee and lattes. The food is fine, but it takes a half a year to be made. Stick with drinks
we have tried this place twice and both times the food is mediocre they have not seamed busy either time yet the service seems to be a bit slow though the servers are friendly.
ghetto.\nnot too far from strip
One star. Have my id and they denied me for nor reason other than I have basketballl shorts on. I'm in town for a freaking BCS Bowling Game are you kidding me????!! What a bunch of idiots!
Am so thrilled I tried this place out! Prices are great, service was great, and speed of appointment was great. I took my two yorkies and they look fabulous.
Waitress Diane was super! The place is freezing.  All are complaining. The male manager Shane called us guys! Corrected him, but he remembered me from Sunset restaurants.  Told him he should set an example for his staff! SMDH!
Office got cupcakes.. I got the orange cream and was soooooo disappointed!!! The cup me was so hard and dense and the frosting was HARD... it literally crumbled into a billion hard pebbles. Horrible!!
I live pretty close by so I frequently grab take out.  I am always pleased with the quality of both their service and food.  Great prices , great food, and friendly service.  general ts'o chicken plate is pretty much my go to for cheat day cravings, and the crab rangoones are killer.
My first time here and I love this place! The beef noodle soup is the best I've ever tasted! Kung Pao Chicken is tasty too, better than many Chinese restaurant out there. They have $6.99 lunch special, which is cheaper than in China Town!I
It's been about a year since we have been here, boy has it and it's going to change! Service was much better, a lot more customers, and they are going to move at a new location. No more outside in the patio. Everything is going to be inside now! Hopefully this move is going to make this place even better?
Highly disappointed. This place is nice inside, set up is clean however the food is not good! The best comparison is school cafeteria food. Lacking of protein (meat options)... Alot of the food was cold and had been sitting for a while. Will never go back.
you know how a lot of places will only give you a miniature sprinkle of oreo crumbs for $.50 and you're constantly being a piglet saying \"just a littttttttle more\"? well not here, bc you can add as many oreo crumbs as your heart desires.
Tried the Cinnamon Streusel French Toast Breakfast plate. Was very good!! A ill sweet, but so tasty. The ambiance in the store is always so homey.
House fried rice is great! Perfect for when you are dressed for the drive thru but just not in the mood for fast food.
Just amazing experiece from start to end.\nGot to try the full course !
Hands down best experience ever!!\nI really appreciate the excellent care and advice!!  \n\nTHANK YOU!!!
This location is rough. The trucks all look like they've seen better days (mirrors with lots of duct tape, tears in the paneling, etc.). There aren't many trucks here either. We reserved one over a week ago and now they may not have a truck for us. For pickups, there are much better locations.
best in vegas
The decor is high end cheap oriental.....a lot of red...and plastic flowers everywhere!    Barf!
Easy to get into. Unique menu. Everything seems very tasty and fresh. Service is pretty good. They are great with alterations to orders. Prices are reasonable too. Great local staple. Especially recommend for a lighter meal.
The scheduling staff and management are very rude. The aptitude of the dentist does not make up for the rude staff. I will never return.
The food was average but consistent. Have eaten here a few times due to limited sit down options at the airport. The service is very slow. I don't think it is the servers fault but the management. They are under staffed which creates the issue.
The bar is beautiful. The staff is horribly slow, but the waitress took care of us, sorta. She brought an extra drink to make up for taking 45 mins to get 4 drinks in the middle of the day. Too bad that the drink she brought last, and the extra were the wrong drink.
Our stay was ok at most. Room not clean. Staff not helpful. Cafe food in hotel - yuck. Not going back.
Liked that it is conveniently located in the casino area for a quick (somewhat healthier) dessert. The Pecan Praline was really good. For two yogurts and some fruit toppings we only paid about $5.50. Maybe cuz we had just come in from the hot sun, but this tasted delicious.
Incredible!  Many, many leaps above somewhere like Olive Garden!  The fettucine chicken Alfredo was fantastic, as was the chocolate mouse cake (so silky smooth)!  The eggplant, mushroom, and spinach calzone was amazing, the crust was soft all around and the flavors were perfect.
Very caddy people, employees are very unfriendly. The dance floor was sticky and the club was filthy. I will never go there again and would not recommend this club. People were bumping into you and spilling there drinks on you. If you want to get into a fight this is a perfect place.
So, my husband and I have been to Upper Crust Pizza a couple of times now.  It is by far my favorite pizza place in town.  The meatball and Ricotta cheese pizza is to die for.   If you are looking for a pizza place to eat in north phoenix, this is the place to go.
My wife and I will not go back to this unit.  So inconsistent....service, food, etc.....  The unit in Mesa is much more consistent.  4 more miles to drive but I am tired of being disappointed.
Love Dr. Ted. I started seeing him after being rear ended in May. I had never been to a chiropractor before and was honestly very scared of the idea of an ajustment. Dr. Ted was so patient and gentle with me. I trust him with my spine and day!
Seriously their jalapeno corn bread, with the honey sweet butter was amazing!! I would come back for that. Their BBQ ribs are pretty good too, but man won me with the corn bread! The service was pretty good. I can't complain!
We went here on a Thursday night, bleh- I have definitely had better. Don't care to ever go again. Music was good though.
Pay the extra money and go to the Target on 44th St...trust me.
I brought different friends to that restaurant several times recently. All my friends are very impressed by the food there. They have various kinds of food, and all are really good! Plus the owner of the restaurant is a super nice lady.
A group of us went there Sunday 10/26 to watch NFL football. When we arrived 10 minutes before the games started the doors were locked and nobody was there. This was 50 minutes after they say they open. \n\nEither this establishment has closed or they can't be bothered to open when they say they will.
burgers are good... but i spent 21 (including tip) for a burger and an appetizer.. no drink... HOLY SHIT.
I have eatten take out from here 3-4 times and I have not been impressed. I really like Chinese and Thai food but this just doesn't measure up. I swear I got sick from it one time.
It never disappoints. Although I have tried their baked omelets, which I love, I have been stuck on the potato pancakes, whose like I have not seen elsewhere in town. \nGreat food and outstanding service earns this joint a 5
Quail. Wild Boar. Venison.\n\nLong lines unless the friend you are with gets a pass from the poker room because he spends 80 + hours a week in there.  Around $38 for dinner.
The drinks were good so 2 stars but I really didn't like the food here. I ordered something with pork shoulder.\nThe place is too pretentious hipster for my taste. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone I know.
Who is John Galt?  Well...\nFor starters, he built this place.\nUsed Rearden metal.
I'm not complaning,  we just found the food and bowling to be over priced.   So for those that can afford it go ahead and enjoy :)
Pretty gross. They don't use fresh fruit in the pancakes, the servers do not know the menu when you ask questions and the other egg dishes are runny. got my breakfast with half off my food hanging off the plate. Much better and healthier breakfast options in town.
Every time I've been here even during busy season the holidays, the service has always been fast and with a smile.  I will continue to use this store when I have packages, faxing or whatever I may need.
Went to a game. It is always great to see baseball since we don't have a Pro team out here. Good prices on food and beer. Would recommend it for a cheap night out.
Way too long to get food.  Food was great just too long to wait.
Awesome donuts! They remember you after a couple of times and make you feel like an appreciated regular. This place will always be my standard for donuts.
pizza is horrible. \n\ndepends what you like i guess.  if you like drinking  three cups of grease,  per slice then its great...\n\ni hate it. \n\ni do not understand why people like this place.
Shelly here is awesome! Every time I go in with my son she is so friendly and interacts with him. Even when we only go in to get his free pizza for being a good reader in school. She'll never rush him, engage him in a conversation and is generally very friendly.
They will pump your ears with the crappiest music in all common areas including the pool at all corners. A true lack of class.
The worst service ever :( They messed up our food and we complained we go yield at. I will take my money some were else. There are plenty of Indian restaurants in the valley, and you just lost a customer :(
Service and selection always good here except today looking for chanakah decor they let me down. Last year there was some  chanakah stuff. Maybe to late in the year, gotta go in November.
Not coming back. Under staffed and not very efficient at running the restaurant. Made me wait too long standing up. My back hurts too much.
I really like the Tortilla Soup and the Wiqui Waqui Chicken Salad\u2122.  I also love the atmosphere.   Great place to hangout out with friends or take the family for a rather inexpensive yet wonderful dining experience.
Drive through was quick. Food is the same as any other King.
Although, still extremely delicious especially during lunch...I tried the dinner options and felt they were a tad bit overpriced for the portion size...best bet to come for their lunch combos...for dinner my go to is still Kyara
This was my fave place to go after work (when I lived in Tempe & worked at Borders) and now I miss it so damn much.  Their tacos were just  the tops.\n4 stars as once our server was just not on it.  But that was her fault.
$100 for an oil change. 45m wait. Is this for real. Not impressed. Super crappy waiting area.
A new favorite. Great welcoming staff. They are helpful recommending menu items and samples of great quality and great tasting Mexican Food. A new favorite. Try it.
Nice and very clean range.  Very nice that they supply you with electronic ear protection.  Relax and take a break between your shooting sessions and grab and drink and relax.  Check in on Yelp and get $5 off for your range fee
The location and atmosphere are great, the fries weren't bad either, but the burger meat just tasted awful, and felt rubbery and chewy. I hated the meat, along with the two other people I was with.
Absolutely hated every thing about this restaurant. Lackluster menu, high prices, and food far below amazing! The steak was so chewy I thought I might have bought the beef flavored taffy bowl. Save your money and go to taco Bell right down the street you'll probably like it better.
Starbucks is ok if you do not get coffee.  Go for the expresso!
In the recently renovated Tropicana, this was a quick choice that seemed affordable. But, the caesar salad looked like it was from Wendy's and my pizza slice was decent but cost $7....for a slice.
Not the place to be. Crowd was dull . Music was ok
Horrible customer service , they are either not payig attention and rush or talking on their cell phones while doing your nails !! There are way better nail shops close by who actually care about the customer.
Not bad pizza. Not great pizza. Nothing really extraordinary about it. It's ok and if you want delivery in Providence area its about your only option. I prefer less saucy pizza but I will eat it from time to time. Worth a try for sure.
I've eaten here a couple times and just don't get what the hype is all about.  The portions are wasteful and the food is just okay.  There is nothing farm fresh about it. Service is fine though.
I am here for a conference from the states. The beer selection is average. The burger was good and the Mac and cheese was great. The atmosphere was good for what I was looking for: a laid back sports pub for a bite and a few beers. The only problem $41 for a burger and 2 beers. WTF
The pho is so yummy and ingredients are fresh! The staff is super friendly.
If you're a Frank Lloyd Wright fan, you definitely need to go here and go on the tour.  He was such an innovator, and many of his signature designs are incorporated here.  Really cool.  He may have been a bit of a jerk as a human being, but his talent was incomparable.
Pizza and Garlic knots are solid. Highly recommended if you're short on time and have a craving for pizza.
I had a medium two meat/two cheese. Lots of meat. The sandwich was good, nothing outstanding though. The bread was average. For the sandwich and a drink was almost $17.00, no side included.
I'm not sure how this place has a 4.5 star average rating.  The beer is solid.  The brewery atmosphere is standard.  The night I was there it had a lot of screaming kids running around.  The food is not a reason to go there.  We ordered their most popular items and they were nothing special.
Non attentive staff, VERY rude bartender. Left before getting waited on!
One of if not the best Jamba Juice location I have ever been to. Friendly, fast, clean and cold it's good to having a cooling place here in this horrible heat of Vegas.
wow!!! if you like spicy food you will love this place!!! huge portions and will you not be disappointed!!!!
One of the best non-chain pizza places in the University area.
Currently closed
The service was fair. The food was very good. I had the beef short ribs, my husband had the rib eye and mashed potatoes and my dad had the salmon and side of macaroni and cheese. We all cleared our plates, delicious and the view, super!
I find every sauce to be extremely salty...ruins almost every dish...but the bang bang shrimp is still a winner if you want an app and a beverage
Completely inedible.  Some people say the price is right, but I say you get what you pay for.  I would have rather been served dog food... at least then I would have known what it was.  Servers couldn't even open bottles of wine.  I certainly wouldn't use this company.
Horrible job!
Lunch was alright. Good food but very small portion. It was a restaurant week deal so may be that is why. Food was not bad. I expected it to be in the same league as Craft or Jean George but it was not. Food was pretty decent little above average but not spectacular as the top ones.
Free entrance,  free champagne all night for ladies,huka section, dance section, and 2 bars. The rooms are dark and sexy. What more could you ask for?  Enough said.\n\nHOWEVER, 2 well drinks=$26 bucks. ouch!
The flavors and topping choices were great. If you control your pour and topping choices it is very affordable.  Beware, they have very large bowls to encourage you to take more than you really need.
Never a delay and that's why I am a fan!
Best sweet potato fries in the valley. Blue Cheese Burger is yum-o and the Martini's rock! \nThe tables are small and close together the light is low. This place gets crowded and can be a little loud - we always make reservations if we are going with more than a couple people.
This is the place to be on UFC fight nights because they put out extra tables so you can watch the fight for free!  The service can get tricky since it does get really packed and busy.  If you are planning to watch the fight there I suggest going early and just hanging out.  Other than that the wings are great just like any other night!
Real Frikkin Pizza, Just delicious!!! fast friendly and at a great price . It's down the street and they deliver. nice to have a REAL pizza joint nearby
Attended grand opening. Great fish tacos. Beer flights were a nice beginning  house brew rough rider. Very good. Great service too. Loved it.
#5 pork sandwich, YUM! Bring cash and an appetite.
Nice vibe to it but the food is just bland. Had spinach Alfredo pizza that lacked much taste. Very disappointed
I just purchased a chocolate chip cookie from here, and a single cookie contains an appalling 3 grams of trans fats! Never buying anything from here again.
BEWARE- I had dinner there a few nights ago and they increased the amount of the tip on my credit card.  I like their food, but I will never go there again if I cannot trust that they are an honest business. Shame!
Endless shrimp and endless crab legs. Top it off with friendly staff and Buffet of Buffets unlimited dining, what more can you ask ?
Great ice cream! I won't come back though because of the rude hostesses. We came to celebrate my son's birthday and got served a double scoop of attitude and poor service.
The Chicken & Waffles were very good.  However, the waffles would have been good without the chicken.  The waffles were very flavorful; however the chicken was thin and dry.  Next time i'll just have the waffles.
Overpriced sake, mediocre rolls, and the Yellowtail nigiri was obviously past it's prime. I'm lucky it didn't make me ill. Won't be back when Hana Sushi is just around the corner at 7th Ave and Missouri.
If I could give no stars I would.  It was cheap and disgusting, I through it away because I wouldn't even feed that to a homeless person.  Great customer service tho and you never find that anymore. Too bad!!!
Cinnamon Carmel Buns are one of my favorite things to eat in the valley.  Love getting them at the Tammie Coe booth at Vincents on Saturday.  I regular get the english muffins for breakfast and cupcakes for special occasions at home.
Didn't like it.  Went with some co-workers for lunch.  Food was just ok and nothing made me want to come back.  Don't plan on returning.
Amazing food, amazing service, and amazing atmosphere!  Highly recommend the green chili cheeseburger, the green chili mashed potatoes, and the crab stuffed peppers were to die for!  Will definitely be eating here A lot!!!
Worst and smelliest sushi I have ever had in my life! We were a party of 9 and ordered just about every kind of roll and sashimi they had and didn't like one thing.
This is one of my favorite restaurants. They have a great happy hour. The meat and cheese board is excellent. The pizzas are cooked in a wood fired oven which makes the crust perfectly.
Terrible service!  Menu was okay but my tenderloin came out undercooked.  Won't be returning.
I think it's sad that the place i'm about a mile away from the place and I'm considered outside of the delivery zone... I know guys at the University would BIKE even farther... these guys drive cars... sad
I bought the chocolate chip cookies. Sweetness and softness. It was a very lovely ending to a stressful day. I think next time I'll try the cakes.
The best gyros and salad, and they have a full bar. The owner and staff are always friendly and helpful. I never get tired of eating here.
Rude!!! Was here with my sister and her kids and one sales person talked to us rudely because we had kids with us. Don't you know that moms are customers too!! Never coming back here. DO NOT SHOP HERE! Go to Sephora where everyone is friendly.
Very surprised at the low reviews. Food is very good and the service both times we have been there was exceptional.
the coffee here is really bitter and burnt-tasting. i guess that weeds out people who arent \"cool enough\" to go here. \n\nif you are into style over substance, than you might love this place!
Good BBH, Great spring rolls, delicious ice coffee, Excellent service. :) Will come back again!
Opted to try a noodle soup. Description did not include that shrimp was part of the soup. Sadly, not being able to eat shrimp, my entire to-go order was a waste. No happy belly on this trip.
Love the lounge, great music every time I've been here, although music typically doesn't start till well after time listed, although today maybe different. Met great people every time. No service in lounge area but the music makes it worth the wait and manual service. People at the bar are great.
Worst espresso I've had in years. Ordered a double, and it barely cornered the bottom of the cup. Very, very bitter. \n\nPurchased a kale salad to take on the flight; it was tasty and nutritious.
I wanted to like this place b/c I enjoy unique places but alas very mediocre. Friendly service but make yourself a grilled cheese @ home
OCB was good several years ago. It has gone down hill and now it is nothing more than a place for people who value quantity over quality.
I don't think I would go here again. It was worth the try to eat a cookies and cream cupcake though. I'm not going to lie, the cupcake is a bit delicious, but for it's price... NO WAY!
Just received a Robo call from Daniel at 602-992-1930 to a do not call number at 7:45pm on 9/12/14. Do not do business with this sleazy company.
Food was great but all of the bottles of champaign we received were expired. One was a year old! Not ok.
I love this place. Great atmosphere, friendly staff, cheap prices, healthy and delicious food. That's about all you can ask for!
Love the Sub in a Tub! Efficient and courteous staff. Clean restaurant and fresh meats and veggies. The music is a little loud when trying to carry on a conversation with someone across the table (great station, though). Love coming here several times a week.
Bad service with worse food.  It's hard to screw up simple chips & queso and a hamburger, but somehow they managed to do it.  There must be a curse with the location, because apparently nothing can stay in business there; fingers crossed Kennedy's experiences the same fate and something better comes next.
Nice outdoor mall.  Good variety of shops.  The dining options are ok--nothing spectacular.  I wish there were more local restaurants and less chains, but what can you expect from a mall.
Well, let me just say I really love this food, but now when I have to wait 45 minutes for it. Their \"pasta machine\" broke. GREAT.
Refuses to get order right. You orser a whopper with no onions.....how hard is that to accomplish.  Be ready for them to mess up a simple order.
Rated \"10 best family restaurant chains\". Fine, two reasons to hate it.
Great family friendly restaurant with a bar in the front and tables throughout!  Very friendly staff and truly great food.
yeah, its an airport
Bleh. Bad food, snotty service, crappy table. Bleh.
no reservations on a football sunday and you are pretty much screwed, waiting in line for an hour to get a table game, and just to find out later that there are dozens of empty tables available, presumably reserved, but stayed empty. food is decent. service can be overwhelmed and slow.
You get what you pay for. It is a dump in a dumpy place. Food was ok if your expectations are set by the cheap prices. If you expect food good you will be disappointed. Think \"bad diner\" and you have the correct food barometer.
Had brunch here on Mothers Day, it was incredible.  The bacon is homemade, the coffee is delicious French press and my husband who is a burger snob said it was probably the best rouged he has had in a long time.  Can't wait to try dinner.
Liked everything about this place, French fries are freshly cut and worth the trip
I ate there last week while in town for a trade show. It was our 3rd time there and the food is always good. However I got the fried Duck noddles this time which was very good, but I got terrible food poisoning the next morning. I don't think I'll be going there again.....
Great lunch, quick subs and as unhealthy as you can get, but WAY WAY WAY better than that dump Philly Cheesesteak was! Talk about nasty. Big B's is great quality, decent prices, and an awesome after hours hang out!
Way better than Subway.
Did not eat. Good drinks and had Euroupean beer. Good service and atmosphere. Not too noisy and had TVs.
This is a really classy little spot, an awesome change of pace for lunch. FYI - The bar area is a great place to dine too. I will re-visit for dinner soon as it sounds amazing.
I went to Richard Petty Driving Experience to take 2 driving lessons. The 2 lessons were pretty good because they taught me things I didn't know. They helped me passed the road test and their service was great.
Delicious, unique, friendly. A keeper, will definitely go back.
I liked the pizza . Didn't love it though . It was extremely hot in fact took like 20 minutes just to get one bite in . Also the place is extremely hot for dine in ! Turn on the AC!!!!
The lady at this place is rude. she don't know how to greet customers with a smile. I will never go back there!!!!
Kelly Fletcher is by far the best chef in Arizona, and every time I go there I am amazed by both the creativity and precision of his cooking. If you like Elements, T. Cooks, Kai, FnB, and Vincents then House of Tricks is an absolute must.
I am a huge sushi enthusiast and I felt like this place was missing every good cut of fish I'd normally order. The prices are ridiculous for the amount of sushi you get. The sake selection is horrible and you sit in the middle of the slots. I was not impressed.
Had the poor boy; the sandwich was marginal; concerned that it took too long to get the sandwich; had a number of young people working, I think five and only making sandwiches; not a bad idea but the owners need to be paying better attention at night
Hi I tried their spicy cat fish and their red curry its really yummy. I go to Bangkok Orchid to try different menu everything i tried is really very good taste. I want people to come by and also try their food.
Im rarely disappointed.. But this placed sucks! Took forever for my food to arrive even though its about 25% full. And the rolls are tiny!! Im leaving and im still hungry! :(
like your scrambled eggs toasty brown, dry and greasy? or smoothies made with flavored syrup instead of actual fruit? then you've found your place! expect a long wait though!
The pizza isn't very good.
The corn cakes and the bacon wrapped prawns. I would sell my mother for them. Does that make me a bad person? Or just really, really hungry?
Arizona burger with habenero cheese and sliced jalapenos.  Most cannot take the heat.  If you are looking for something different and spicy, it is good.
Good overall. It was a feast for the senses. I like the concept. It's hard to explain. They have soups, salads, sandwiches, and desserts for all sorts of cravings.
One of my favorites for a quick healthy meal.  Serive is good for the most part....
Used to be great- bartender Taylor is great! - but the owners decided to go country with their theme.  I tried to endure but frickin Taylor swift wasn't sitting well with my craft beer. Seriously.
I really liked this place!! Many different options for sandwiches, pasta and salads, all very tasty!! The possibility of making a perfect \"pear\" by combining them is great ! Staff is very friendly, service efficient, and prices are compatible with quality !
Skip breakfast - the decor matches the food quality: tired, bland, outdated and overall sense of not trying. Meals are overpriced and menu is very limited.
Nice traditional pub turning out interesting food (didn't eat there so can't tell you how it was).  Mixed crowd of young and old.  Fair amount of seating.
If you're looking for a quick bite to eat at a cheap price, sure, go ahead. Otherwise, you'd be better off going to Earl of Sandwich. $7 for a bratwurst and it really didn't taste like much at all.
Yes, I know it's a Carl's Jr, but the guy who took our order (drive thru) was very polite and happily took our coupons without any hassles.\n\nAdded bonus... they give free doggy treats to anyone who has their dog in the car with them. Totally cool!
I was drunk, I was hungry, and a dog sounded good.\n\nit was alright. \n\nI honestly can't imagine eating 68 of these things in a Competitive eating contest. 2 was enough. \n\n*puke*
Just finished a two night stay and had a wonderful time. The staff here really makes the difference - everyone from the bell staff, counter, wait staff and cleaning crew are over the top friendly. Another nice touch they offer is free Wi-Fi - thumbs up.
So good and so cheap. Only downside is that you have to bus your own tables, but that comes with any college town restaurant.  I recommend the pad see ew.
Pristine House Cleaning is an awesome service that cleaned my house very professionally!I have had two other services the last one mayberry maids sucked!If you want your house cleaned well call them.Thanks for everything and we will see you soon!take care!Eddy
Great beer and food specials.  They had the Michigan game on too!
Great place to get something fast. Prices at times higher that home depot but it beats driving far for one thing.
Best revolving sushi in town compared to the one by Arrowhead and Teharu in Tempe. Reasonable prices. Quality and taste is better. Grand Canyon, Hawaiian and Spicy Tuna are the favorites. Flat screen TVs with sports games are available.
Worth the money and wait. Very accomodating place. The owner is hands on wish they have another store on west las vegas. Way better than iphone doctor. If you guys have problems on your phones this is the place to go.
Gave this place a try twice and both times I wasn't impressed. From the tweeker chick at the counter to the food.
Went for lunch and had a nice meal.  I wouldn't say it was the best I have ever had, but certainly not the worst either.  It was very busy, but the service was still good.  Good sized portions.
First place I ate in Charlotte and it didn't dissapoint. Got an order of cheese fries that where simply amazing! The bubba BBQ wings where also great.
Too expensive for what it is. Food is not all that great. Sushi rolls suck!
Best Prime Rib !
At mochiko the staff are friendly the prices are reasonable and the food is good
Used to get their specials and pizza's but due to their portions getting smaller and prices getting bigger I just go with slices-which are delicious btw. Staff is always friendly and quick. Sad to see my favorite calzone go to the waist side though.
A good above-average sandwich that I would probably enjoy more often if I had more reason to be in that part of town.  The radius of their sandwiches are ideal for eating as they aren't too wide, too tall,  or too sloppy.  The meats are good cuts and generous, their bread being the only real weak link.
Don't waste your time, there are no good shops here at all.  Try the Premium outlets, they seem much better from the store listings and from passing it on the freeway.
You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  The brisket is phenomenal and you can't pass on the sausage.  Good beer selection and great traditional BBQ comfort sides.
Tasty food & booze
This place is ambrosial. From the moment you walk in! The decor is perfect and their flavor combos are worth every penny!
Went here for Thanksgiving dinner. The service was excellent. A couple of our burgers were severely undercooked. Nothing special but I would go back as nothing horrible either!
Robuchon is a world famous chef. \nHowever, this restaurant sucks!\nOverall 5/10 food 6/10 atmosphere 9.5/10 service 4/10 (worst Mechlin ever!) \nDon't waste money
The decor is sleek and modern and the food is pretty good too. The crowd is a little pretentious but very friendly. I always have a lot of fun here and it's my alternative to Scottsdale if I don't want to get all dressed up or if I want to do a Sunday Funday.
Four of us enjoyed dinner there this week but within hours three of us had major stomach issues which to put it mildly put a damper on our enthusiasm for this restaurant.  Be warned.  We had beef, chicken, salad and vegetarian dishes.  Caveat emptor!
They have changed owners and we do not go there. They do not go out of their way to help you in a crunch. No need for them with so many other places to choose from.
They use to make the most awesome boboa smoothies, then they started using a machine for them instead of using a blender, and now the smoothies taste like crap. I will never go again. They broke my tiny trust. \n\n \nWhy did you do this Hawaiian BBQ?!
Best pancakes ever! Red Velvet are my fav!
My first time here, My wife and I decided to swing on in and try the food late one night around 12. I had the carne Asada burrito and she had the steak fajita burrito. Both were super bomb and neither burrito dripped grease everywhere which is a definite plus over filibertos.
Great food at great prices and yes they do deliver.  I just wish they would bring down the minimum order for delivery from $15 to $10.  Sometimes I just don't want that much food for lunch.
Worst nail place. Left glue all on my fingers, not straight and when u say something they say it's normal. No customer satisfaction. Left gobs of acrylic under nails. Nails not even some shorter then others. Eyebrows waxed in the same area as nails done,no privacy.
Yum yum Mexican food!!! This restaurant has officially ruined me for quesadillas and tamales. They were SO good that everything else from now on is going to taste sub par. The sweet corn tamales and citrus quesadillas were absolutely incredible. Guacamole is also a must.
Very glad we tried out this restaurant while we were staying at Camelback Inn JW Marriott. We are looking forward to trying out other BLTs in NYC
Yelp deal was not honored, even though we were the only people in the establishment, because it was happy hour. Also Chardonnay was ordered but then the server brought red wine. I don't plan to return.
Always a burger favorite! Good juicy burgers with all the favorite trimmings!! Oreo cookie shakes are a favorite as well! Soooooo much better than In n Out!
I love the chicken tikka, while my husband loves the gyro.  The owner is really nice.  The place is small and can get kind of crowded at peak hours, but most of those people are doing take-out, it seems.  I've never had to wait very long.
This is a great place - a diamond in the rough & the best place is they are also a venue for live music.\n\nWe had dinner and it was really good - and the cheese plate was great! \nLe Martini was super yummy and the price wasn't that bad - $8 glass.
Don't get the unlimited alcohol unless you like cheap wine and miller light draft. Tipping the bar tender well got us upgraded to the \"good wine\" which was still pretty cheap stuff.\n\nThe food was pretty good though, we were definitely satisfied with everything but the alcohol.
We are here later in the evening because we were staying at the SLS. There were nit many places open and we were kind of tired after a long drive. The food was mediocre! Nothing was terrible but nothing blew me away. The cocktail was very fake tasting and tasted like a diet juice. I probably wouldn't go back!
Went to the Gold and Silver Pawn Shop total letdown they might as well just turn into a t-shirt shop if you want to go somewhere and see where its done right head over to Ricks restorations.
awsome pizza, they are a little to proud of their booze though. They do have a good happy hour and reverse happy hour.
Pizza it about the same price as pizza hut, but you get a larger pizza and better taste. I get the special the x-large pizza and 24 wings for 23 bucks.
Expensive, basic and they charge extra for brown rice. Seriously? It takes more time, money and resources to bleach the white stuff.
No complaints from us\nNice clean and fast\nPicture is worth a thousand words\nNeighborhood was looking like day lite only \nWe would come back for breakfast or lunch
I helped build this place about four years ago!  I love the location of this place, it has one of the best views of the valley!  Its only a 20 minute drive to the strip and I came here for the Mayweather bout!  Just perfect.
Great service the staff all have great smiles.  Oatmeal and turkey sausage links with black coffee.  The pecans and cranberries make the oatmeal tasty
Worst Customer service!!!! was not happy at all will not come back.
It's a hotel in Vegas. All i need is a place to lay my drunken head.  The Luxor accomplishes this.
A disappointing mediocrity. Mexican for the masses. Cardboard food with pablum sauces.  Just awful
The place you go to when you are not in the mood to deal with the surly crowds at Bianco.  Great setting, good pizza, and excellent desserts.
I always come here to get my eyebrows done. Its very hard to find a good eyebrow place and someone you trust!  \nLove that its close to home and not wicked expensive for a simple request!  Im definitely a regular here.
Foods good and the service sucks!
If you like TV dinner mexican food then On the Border might be for you. However if you like legit Mexican food dodge this place and head over to somewhere like El Charro in West Mesa or even Matta's for that matter. OTB is awful and Im not surprised this particular location closed.
This location is always a mad house. So if you want service, be prepared to either be very patient or be very assertive and go after an employee. I love being touchy feely and this is just the place to get your browse on. It carries all the Apple products you can imagine... too many to list.
The concert for Great White was great...But you guys need to get your act together on how you serve your people...The line was a half hour long...under staffed...very very disorganized...
Ok Hot dog.....not like I remember....brands that move out here should make sure they can do it right.\n\nIf you want a nice sausage sandwich (ITALIAN)...do Galileo Bakery about a mile away
Charming store with high quality items.  I've purchased business cards and placesetting cards. The staff was very attentive and detail oriented. Great customer service.
Ordered the fried clams with the bellies. Was very good except for the necks, couldn't chew them. Very tough. Maybe they didn't remove the black skin from the necks. BF got the steak bomb. Was great!\nPasta dishes pricey.
Whoo! Definitely cheaper than some of the bars for the yard-stick sized drinks and center of everything. A Vegas staple!
I had a coworker that always had beautiful hair so I had to ask her who her stylist was.  It was jonny!  That was 4 years ago and I have been going to him ever since.  I have also referred many friends to him and he never disappoints.  He is amazing and I love my hair!
I just had the funnest night - went to Market Square to shop and see the lights and had a great time at this place!  Sat at the bar - drank some great beer.  We ordered appetizers - smoked meatballs and pierogies - both were fantastic and hung out with a great bartender!  Thanks for the fun time Diamond Market!
Great bun, great service, great prices.
Tried the buffet a few weeks after they opened and we really enjoyed it.  The owner was very nice and extremely eager to make sure we liked it and asked if we had any suggestions.  Much much nicer inside than when it was Maharaja.  We enjoyed everything on the buffet, especially the goat and tandoori chicken.
This place has very good sushi at reasonable prices. Service is good and staff if friendly. Nicely designed.
Very nice hotel with great service to match. I was always given a hello and help with a smile. The decorum is classier than most area spots.
Absolutely one of the best Asian restaurants in Vegas.  It was a bit far from the strip but it was all worth the drive.  The owners are very friendly, courteous and accomodating.  Will definitely be a repeat customer :)
Not a good place. Potatoes taste like barbecue potato chips, way to salty. Benedict was watery. Straberry French toast was good but that's it Not sure why the place is highly reviewed.
Good food friendly atmosphere.  I will be back to this one.  I had one of my favs biscuits and gravy!  I think I will branch out next time.
Good solid teriyaki chicken bowls.  Nice portions, fresh veggies, and juicy chicken.  It's definitely a step up form Panda Express :) Only complaint is that for a semi-fast food place, it's kinda slow.\n\nI'll have to try the spicy chicken next time!
Best salon in Vegas!!  Entire family goes here.  Wife and mother-in-law go to Tony and I go to Jenna. Highly recommend both of them.
Rude host...long wait...rushed to eat n go!\nTable side service and food were good/ok Place needs a good cleaning n makeover
The au jus that comes on the side or that your sandwich is dipped in, has pork in it.  This place should be shut down.  A good friend of mine got violently ill for three days, may have been trichinosis.  If you have beef in your name, you should have beef available, no questions asked.
Customer service is lacking.
DO NOT GO HERE!!!  Crappy dough pizza is subpar calzone was no good. Decent beers but expensive...  Go somewhere else :(
Two words to describe this company - HIGH PRESSURE.\n\nI found them to be very hostile to deal with, and their rates were NOT competative in comparison to other loan agencies.\n\nBeware!
Eh. The Saturday night that we showed up, back in March, it was just dead.  I liked the band that was there that night, but the service was ridiculously slow for how few people were there.\n\nI haven't been interested in going back.
Go someplace else. They are too busy for you after the sale.
Best nail salon in Las Vegas!! I go every 2 weeks. Every tech is good, whether your getting your nails or toes done. The manager is great she does great eye brow waxing.
This one was short but great as all the cirque du solie\"s are. We got so lucky that the usher liked us so much he put us in center front row !
Always excellent and friendly service.  This is my lical Starbucks and has been for years. Great atmosphere and sunny patio to hang out and enjoy yoyr coffee
Expensive, slow, but good food if you don't mind the wait or check.
Breakfast sandwich. Taylor ham. Sourdough, home fries.  That's what you need to get!! Great service!  Awesome menu!
the place is a bit run down, and while hole in the wall places are usually great this one is just okay. Food is kinda meh, employee wasn't very friendly, and it all adds up to cost a chunk of change.
What a surprise when I spoke with my parents they said Jaleo let them dine their with their 2 maltese pups!  Granted, they were seated at one of the outer tables, but how fantastic!  We'll be back with ours!
We were there on vacation last month for two days. The range is absolutely great and so where the people. The price was far better than any Socialist Californication range I'm been on. I will return again next year to fire full auto 9MM and 5.56 NATO weapons.
I am a man and went for shoes. Boy oh boy what a grand cluster-f**k. Dirty old shoes with price tags of $29.99. Ill stick to garage sales
Been here a couple of times and always enjoyed the pizza here. Thin NY style crust the way I like it, good sauce and toppings, very informal and relaxed atmosphere. Can't really say anything against it, other than that it's too close to my gym!
Pretty good place to eat a burger, Without spending too much.
4 stars for the onion rings alone.
I love this place. I would recommend the kiki burger with truffle fries and  extra dipping sauce.
A small bottle of water cost me $3.56. I cursed myself when I found out that PHX airport had water filtration at their water fountains. Bring your water bottles & fill up; don't get gouged.
Very nice place and a comfortable setting. Elliot makes you feel comfortable and relaxed. A good place for a tourist who's looking for a haircut. Solid cut though nothing special.
Wonderful sushi and sashimi, great service, and friendly staff. The garlic edamame and tuna sashimi is awesome.
It was okay.  The rolls could have been formed better.  The space is very small and they choice of paint makes it feel even smaller.  There was nothing remarkable in my mind about this place versus the other sushi places in town.
I finally made it to the breakfast club! The food was delicious and the place was gorgeous.
Love it here. Great gym to be at. Everyone from John Crouch and Benson Henderson on down the line treat everyone with the highest respect. A gym should be a welcoming atmosphere and the MMA Lab excels at bringing that to you.
It is an airport, the food is below standard in any other context. The prices at Jose Roux is higher then it should be, they taste was bland. Skip the salads, basically it was a Mexican flavored coleslaw for $8. Maybe the bar is worthy, it seemed popular?
Not a bad spot to get a quick and cheap manicure. It's not a fancy place but the staff are very nice and efficient. Good color choices like most other places OPI and Essie. It's very inexpensive. I think 10 for a basic manicure.\nThey also have no chip and other services.
We love Mexican food and this place was very good food. I don't understand why it's ratings are not higher. The service was amazing. The food delicious. The berry monitor was awesome. I had the Mexican Chop salad was so good. I added the chicken and I has meat in almost every bite. I will come back :)
Thanks for having happy hour sonic.
A great place to go after a workout. The smoothies and bowls are pretty yummy. I'm a sucker for their pancakes. It can be pricey but it's pretty typical for a healthy joint.
This place is NOT near the strip. The hotel was clean and cheap! i would definitey reccommend staying here if you don't mind driving a little ways to get to the strip. they have a casino inside! $5 craps! woohoo
Great pizza. The caprese salad is awesome. I love the mushroom, pepperoni, sausage, and basil pizza. Awesome will come back.
Not a terrible hotel, but the staff was rude and there was nothing to offset that.
Whole Foods is a great place to shop for organics and healthy alternatives.  I love everything that they sell, but what I rave about when it comes to their deli counter is the cranberry tuna.  I love it!\n\nIt's a must try when you have time.
Tried to order a deli trays for a friends family during a difficult time from out of state.  Come to find out they have NO options to pay via internet or over the phone. Is this not 2014. Who cannot take payments over the phone or via internet. Get into the 21st century. \nCRAZY!!
Well, it's a good place to take the kids. It's not that entertaining for the adults... unless you're a big fan of penguins. It's not a very impressive zoo, the only thing that's interesting in my opinion is the recreation of the habitats of the animals.
This place rocks. The atmosphere and staff are amazing and that is all brought together by amazing food! Highly recommend and definitely coming back!
I had the pulled pork poutine recommend you take the hamburger instead very tasty. Owner kind of gave us attitude cause we had no reservation but otherwise good
I ordered the chicken Marsala. The mushrooms were tasty however the chicken was dry and lacked flavor. It was a thin sliced piece of breast meat that was over cooked and tasted previously frozen. The dinner rolls were soft but cold and dry. The employees were very nice but the food was not good.
I don't understand why my review of this place keeps being filtered?  Because I gave this place a bad review (which is a true review of their food)?
I used to really love this place but its getting more and more expensive and the service in the tables is slacking sometimes. Good game coverage but the prices are steep.
I had an absolutely delightful lunch here on a recent visit to Pittsburgh. The crab cake appetizer was a highlight. The service was friendly and attentive. I hope to go again sometime.
Not a biker bar. A \"Scottsdale biker\" bar. You can't wear your cut inside. It was pretty stupid. Hot chics workin there though. But you just wanna walk around smashing douche bags in the face.
It's pretty ghetto and scary here, but the tacos were good value.  It was about $6.99 for 3 chicken tacos and the table setup is fun.  It's made so you just quickly eat and go.
The food was fine but the kitchen was way to slow. It took 40 min to get the food after we placed our order. The Togo meal took just as long so I know it wasn't a fluke.
Excellent customer service.  Great food.  Accept reservations.  Live music.  I don't have a single complaint.  I wish there were more like K O'Donnell's. Made reservation for 12.  9 showed up. We felt terrible.  Wait staff was beyond kind and we tipped them generously.  We'll return. Great experience.
Worst place ever. Sat in the office for 2 hours for my annual physical and the doctor had me reschedule it.
I wouldn't pay attention to the Trib's news coverage, since it's mostly far-right propaganda. Two stars for their decent sports coverage - Mike Prisuta and Joe Starkey are worth reading.
We love this place. You can't go wrong with a good burger with guacamole, bacon, and a fried egg! The hard eight. On top of that you won't ever miss a game on all the TVs  they have. Great place!
nice coffee and a delicious brunch with eggs and lots of fruit!. will be back
This place was so packed !!! wall to wall tables!!! great service! but if you step out of your booth, you might get ran over by a server!!!\nOver all , the food and drink was good!!! \nCoconut prawns were awesome!
Best sushi place in Vegas..fresh sushi...creative menu and friendly staff. The wait can be long..try the lunch buffet
The food was delicious, but not like the best in my entire life. We had good time there with my friends during the dinner, but I am  sure there are places with the same quality food around, not that pricy.
They don't open till 10AM and there's a line waiting before they open. The staff work as fast as they can but a crowd waiting for service isn't how I'd run a business.
Fast and friendly. The gyros actually taste like gyros. Although they don't fillem'  full of meat like they do up north. Their tender tips with onions and peppers is awesome. I always get filled up on the platter. Pretty good value and the people that work there are very nice and helpful.
Simply the best nails and pedi anywhere!  I have been going to see Evonne for over 2 years.  She does the best nails anywhere!
4.6/5 stars - Hard to find good pizza on the west coast but Oreganos is the best local chain in Phoenix. Best pizza to order is thin crust pepperoni and mushroom. Don't over-think it with the gourmet toppings, God made pepperoni for a reason.
We can was quite delicious.  The place is not fancy, but the food is excellent.  I was a bit concerned from the looks but the sushi chef prepared everything with care and to perfection.  I really enjoyed it.  I would recommend it if you can lower your standards from thinking sushi needs to be eaten at a fancy gold chair place.
We visited for Taiwanese style breakfast based on the store name (\u6c38\u548c\u8c46\u6f3f). Food quality is so bad and pricy! We will never come back again. Sorry.
someone might want to check the location on the map. this is NOT in or anywhere near Philadelphia.
Great sandwiches. Cool place.
I love Costco and especially this one.  Great staff, close to my house, and always clean.  Their wine selection is good.  Food options are always expansive.  Can't beat this place.
I've never eaten here, just had a friend describe to me how he was kicked out for \"speaking spanish\".  A bit in shock that a business in America thinks this is helpful in anyway.  If it's true then I suggest nobody eat here but Separatist douchebags.
Came on a Saturday afternoon. 1:40p... it took them over 45 mins to get my cold soba and salmon sashimi dish. . Im still here waiting and at this point I don't think I will come back.  Slow service
My wife and I have been seeing Dr. Drew for years. We keep coming back because he genuinely cares about us as his patients and he makes sure we're properly cared for at every visit. Thank You Dr. Drew!
This is the best steak in the Las Vegas area, period!
This is a sushi bar whose 'house specialty' is turkey salad.\n\nNeed we say more?
Great taco shop!  I love the al pastor \"anything!\"  This is the only taco joint I've found real al pastor in the valley.  The only other time I've had al pastor is in Playa del Carmen, MX.  Thanks for bring one of my favorite dishes to the the valley.
I used to live in Thailand, and this is one of my top choices when I'm on this side of the ocean. Friendly people and the most authentic Thai food I've found in Phoenix.
Really good food, really good prices, really good service.  We just ate there and will eat there again soon.
Never, ever trust TGI to install  your carpet or provide a rebate in the promised time. EVER. Especially if you are promised a rebate.
Thanks guys! U did a great job on the baby shower cake, it came out so pretty. The cake itself was very tasty, everyone loved it. Strawberry banana was definitely the best!
This place is not very good. I quit eating here after the second time I found hair in my food
I'll give it a 3 stars for a cheap price. My mom's likes to go here because it's cheap and it's a buffet but Im not  hype to go here everytime my mom invites me.
I love this place! The food is always so fresh and delicious. The staff is always friendly, as well.
I rented a car from this company last month and the service was awesome. \n\nI picked up the car at the airport valet and returned it to the airport valet. No need to step foot in their office or have to go to the rental hub at the airport. Great service and quality cars! HIGHLY recommended!
The service was great. I don't think the food was amazing, for the price, but it wasn't bad either. I had the chicken Caesar salad and it was good. My friend wanted fettuccine Alfredo which wasn't on the menu but they made it for him so that was very accommodating.
Excellent Sushi! Great quality fish, especially on the weekends. I like the atmosphere, and the Sushi chef's are very friendly and skilled.
I honestly wasnt impressed with this hotel, I've seen a lot better and its always very crowded everywhere you go! The service is good, we got lost once and they were very helpful in helping us get to where we needed to be.
Good food, service slightly rude and long (took ~15min to get water and order taken), however it was a busy Sunday brunch- so maybe they were stressed.  Just wish they wouldn't take it out on customers:).
The experience was great.  I expected it to be pricey and that's ok since I'm in vacation.\n\nI've experienced better for cheaper.
Not impressed. We got an Oreo, Banana Beanutbutter, pineapple express and Smores. The cupcakes were good, moist but the actual cake was a little flavorless. I expected to be blown away with a $3 cupcake. My wife makes cupcakes at home that are just as good.
Don't get the Roast Beef sandwich, I guess I'm used to hot roast beef because their's was cold and not to my or my friends liking.  The Clam Chowder was good, but I can't say much more then that.
Not incredibly impressed. We had our breakfast here and the pancakes were not nice at all. The eggs benedict were satisfactory at best. The hollandaise sauce was hardly there and actually pretty dry. \nOverall pretty Meh. Won't be going back in a hurry.
Pretty place friendly staff just slow service but better then the long line for Breakfest at \nThe South Point,
Good food, hookah, and good people what else could you ask for it's a great place to be
New owners but the same great food.  My previous complaint about the potatoes no longer applies.  The potatoes are now cooked properly, not under done like they used to be.
Excellent food, service and atmosphere.\nThe Swedish pancakes are good.\nThey have a lot of repeat business.\nThey sing happy birthday.\nCome over and check it out.\nHave a good day.
Great location to ride your bike to and enjoy  Sunday.  Unfortunately, the positive experience stops there.  Overwhelmed with the drinking crowd, the service was minimal, glasses were dirty and the food is not worth the effort.
yummmmm.. hot and toasty
We saw the chef dump used chili sauce back into the container on the table after the customers left. Bleh :(
Great prices on unique antiques! Quite a large selection, 2 floors worth of vintage, retro, antiquities! Prices were great, its easy to spend a while here making sure you didnt miss anything. I'll def have to come back and look for new hidden treasures!
Good for a quick bite on the strip. Tons of options. The famous chilli wasn't that good i was sick the rest of the day. My husband loved the one he had guadalajara dog i think it was called.
Great for a casual dinner out with a friend or two.  The food, service and decor were great.  I had the grilled fish tacos, which were delicious.  We went on a Saturday evening and got a table quickly, everyone was friendly, and it was easy to have a conversation.
Great trail to jog. Becareful of some of the street crossings as drivers here are major cray. Expecially in the morning when dealers (casino dealers) and gamblers get off work and  are sometimes inebriated.\n\nI would also consider riding a bike on this trail.
The More beers the better!!
This is a pretty good Arby's the food is fresh and relatively fast. The best part about this location is the warm and inviting staff.
Absolutely in credible I recommend this place to anyone!!!
I hate that they don't carry good gluten free bread. I have to go to Whole Foods in town instead. Otherwise, good selection of frozen foods.
Dont go until remodeling is complete.  Not nice & loud @ 5am doing construction. Smells bad in hallways and elevator is rickety.
0 star. Waited 30 min for beef dumplings, by the time we finished the other two dishes, was told they were out of beef. Food is ok if you can stand the wait
So good!!!  \n\nGreen chile pork appetizer, green chile Mac and cheese, fish tacos and short ribs were amazing!!!
Not bad for the Gold Coast and I would come again.  Below average if comparing to So Cal.  Limited variety.  Decent taste, nothing offending.  Average prices.  Less quantity per order on some items - check the uploaded images.
This was my first meal upon my arrival in Las Vegas. I ordered the Guadalajara Dog- came with Tomatoes, relish, onions and Sour Cream.  I thought it was quite tasty, a bit expensive for just a hot dog.  Some friends got the specialty dogs, and they enjoyed them quite a bit as well!
Great company to work with and very affordable prices. Lots of inventory to choose from as well, almost too much :) We did our whole downstairs with wood laminate as well as new baseboards which turned out great. They were very honest people to work with & we will be using them again when we do our upstairs.
This club is big and beautiful.  Lots of poles for the ladies and a great pool.  I love this club!
Selection wasn't that great and not that many good deals. I come from a small city so I was hoping to get some shopping done and overall wasn't impressed. They need a H&M!
This restaurant has decent tasting food. I like their tacos because they melt their cheese onto the tortilla before putting on all the topping :) really enjoy that. Other than that just like any other taco shop. Not bad. I liked it.
I really enjoyed this little gem.  Great beer and great food in a great atmosphere.  Very friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable staff.  None of the food here has ever disappointed.  I especially love the mac 'n' cheese.
Not too many BBQ joints in Vegas, especially those that align themselves with the Texas taste.  Gave it a middle grade of 3.  Lunch of pulled pork and sausages tasted okay to good.  Potato salad was good.  I think if you keep trying to refine your sauces and you'll have a better product.
Very friendly bunch. Great service!
Love this place. Execellent music, cool people and great service. I've been here a few times and have emjoyed myself each and everytime. Girls will sometimes get free drink tickets and there was no cover for us either. Highly recommend this place.
Very unorganized when they bringing your appetizer last and food first not koo. Plus waiting a hour for food not to mention the 20min  (not even driks)wait for to order!
A1 shop! $16 no way! Fades don't get any better. Marais was Very detailed took his time
I've tried several of their dishes. It's ok.  I did like their cocktail de camaron but nothing special.
Excellent place to go for lunch!  One line for salads and another for sandwiches.  I got a cobb salad to go and it was REALLY good!  All of the ingredients were fresh.  The service as fast.  I will go here again the next time I'm in Charlotte downtown to work.
Stumbled upon this place when i was driving down maryland pkwy. Tacos are good, sopes are legit and the fired oreos are to die for. believe me! #foodiehuxstable out!!
Since waiting for our room it's 4:44 check in time 3:00 i'am very unhappy have six year old with us we are hot and tired we want our room now
Be careful if you try to shop there near closing time because the entire staff will try to hustle you out versus helping you make decisions on expensive products. Their loss I guess.
3.5 stars. Not bad but not great. Always have to judge a Mexican restaurant by there salsa and enchiladas.. Both were meh+
They have the classics for breakfast in fast food form..which I love but their burgers and chili fried are good here too..just your typical breakfast and burger and sandwich joint.I don't have any spectacular news to give you here but be prepared to spend a.little more than your usual fast food joint
Such a great nursery. I've been here twice. The staff is very eager to help. I love all the plant varieties they have.
Good Chinese food is hard to find. We were pleasantly surprised when we ate here for lunch one day. Will definitely go back.
Kim and Ann are so nice and helpful. They understand the issues that the residents have even though they can't always help, but they are always cheerful.
I refer to this Fry's as \"the nice Fry's\" that is a little out of the way but we sometimes go to because it's nice.
If there were a 'zero' stars, that's what they would get. Just down right rude and impatient. You are in the business of customer service people!! I would not recommend them to ANYONE!
So relaxing combined with the meditation  and reiki. I'm still floating somewhere out in space. And breathing so much better. This was my first time and I will definitely be back.
Dear Vic & Anthony: If, as a steakhouse you can't do french fries, its does not instill confidence that you can do anything else.
All the food we ordered was delicious. Great variety of drinks and very friendly and helpful staff.
Bugs in my salad and vomit in the bathroom urinal. After showing the manager the chef came out and half ass apologized and said he's seen worse. Clearly they have high standards...
Phenomenal! Excellent service, delicious food, and a fantastic coffee service, all at reasonable prices. What more could you ask for?
I went here 3 years ago and I have to say I had the best ravioli I have EVER eaten.  I went back a week ago, and the service went to the dogs.  The ravioli was just ok.  Slightly disappointing.
I got food poisoning here. It was the worst experience of my life. Don't eat the chicken!
Nice people & nice location. Very experienced, which means they can make good recommendations. I felt I was in good hands. Location is very pleasant. The shop is clean, well-kept and feels upscale.\n\nDefinitely going back, and encourage you to try it out!
Their food is SO good, the bar staff is AWESOME, and the Vig Rig will take you home. \n\nThe Vig Uptown is one of my favorite spots to spend a weekend evening.
Love the location and the ambience.  The food was good....but only good, I expected more and priced slightly higher than it should've been.  Meatballs were good, the chicken milanese was ok, but on the dry side.
Very enjoyable atmosphere and staff. Had the ribs with very good sauce while not swamped on it. Great taste and seasoning. Beans and rice where pretty decent will go back in the future. The muay Thais are great with just the right combination
Service was fast, waitress was super nice, food was alright: the fish was good (maple syrup batter!), chips undercooked inside but brown outside, side salad was limp. Not sure I would go back. Maybe it was just an off-day for the cook (considering the other positive reviews).
Very meh.  Absolutely mediocre.  Fatty beef, dry chicken, bad bleu cheese.  I will not be back.  This was for the lunch buffet.
Good but not great, like all the Food Fight joints.\n\nI know it's hard, but they do a poor job keeping up with the weekend brunch crush. \n\nOverall, I wouldn't avoid this place, but I wouldn't seek it out either.
Real ITALIAN !!  Loved everything.  Waiting for liquor so BYOB. But worth it
This place was ok. Our server was new and very in experienced. He couldn't really answer our question and brought us too many soups and salads (only one meal came with it and he brought us 5 when no one else wanted them) sushi was warm not cold like it should be. Just didn't seem fresh.
Paid money and they never showed up - waited for hours and no answer on the phone.  They are scam artists!
The drinks were too weak, what is advertised as hot is not. We had the Shrimp Diablo which was bland (as were the home made tortilla). We were one drink and out..
Love the green juices!
A great store for rugger tragics and Antipodean lost souls like me...if only they poured a pint as well I'd never leave!
Good, quick service and great burgers, fries and shakes.  The BBQ bacon and cheese burger is really good.  You cAn even build your own burger to your individual taste.
Been here a few times, each time I leave satisfied. They offer almost every variety pizza here and the ingredients are fresh. Good customer service, nice spot in downtown Vegas.
Waited for 15 minutes in the waiting room then once called, waited another 45 minutes in the doctor's office. It's a joke.
He did a great job. Please insist on a price quote before he does the work. We didn't and, while pleased with the work, we were sticker shocked by how expensive it was. Had the same work done by a larger local firm 4 months ago for about half the carpet guys price.
Meh. Most inconsistent place in the valley! Been here 4x and different experience each time.\n\nLast pizza we ordered was totally burnt. Line was too long to even bother taking it back. They are now resting on their laurels.
This place rocked. They had everything imaginable on the menu, cool atmosphere and more of the more affordable nice places out in Vegas. Really good service too and very clean.
unreliable delivery, one time pizza is great, next tme its cold and wilted.  Not sure I will ever order from here again.  I called to complain, and the manager asked, \" is that it?\" lol
Cart path is very bad with lots of ruts. Course has been in much better playing condition with previous ownership
Cam to try the around the world flavors, was not impressive, the normal glass coke are fantastic. It was a nice experience and to see the huge polar bear.
Customer service was good, and the bakery was clean and presentable. For 2.50 a cupcake I would have liked the cake to have been at least half a size larger, but they were soft and moist. The frosting was good had just the right amount. Overall its a decent vegan cupcake!
Drinks were really weak, food took forever to get here, wasnt even that busy, kids runnin around everywhere. Unclean dishes.... Never coming back...\n\nFor a touristy place I guess I should of expected this, but for the prices they were asking for... I expected better.
Calzone was great!  Service good. Place seriously needs a professional cleaning and a facelift.
The best agency ever, humanity and understanding about what you really want and what you really care. I would not put my beloved in better hands. Thankss
I have two words....\nPiccolo Forno.... Just down the street.\nThey need to send their evening servers over to piccolo for lessons in service. Also, their wine list is horrible. Good luck.
service was horrible - and the food was ok... maybe they where having an \"off\" day, but I was NOT impressed.
Would give them a zero star but can't.  Pizza is at a two star,buffalo wings were okay. Service was a 2 out of 10, ten being the highest. Front desk guy was rude.. STAY AWAY..
Redemption
why? \nhedonistic and tacky \nseriously, americans do we really need that much food???
Poor customer service. Sales person seemed like I was inconveniencing him. Made me just walk out!!
Went for dinner with husband. There were plenty of Italian variety choices on the menu, as well specials. The pasta sauce was authentic, the food was good, the waitress was attentive, and the place was clean. It's worth checking out.
Overpriced and microwaved.  Eat more than 10 feet away from the game and enjoy a meal.
I just had food from Jade Palace and it was very, very good.  I had takeout and it was fresh and delicious and still hot when I got home.  I will definitely be returning.  Also, the staff was very courteous and friendly.
Not sure what everyone is rating.  This place makes Dotty's look upscale. It's connected to a gas station.  We were there this Saturday at 10:30pm and place was tiny,  a few regulars at the bar and no live music.  Place felt old and creepy.  Definitely not a place to take your date.
Coldstone no matter the location is always consistent.  Ice cream is always amazing and the service is great as well.  It wasnt too busy when I stopped by but I imagine parking would be an issue if it were to get busy.
I was really unimpressed. My boyfriend and I went in wanting pad thai like we are used to finding at other restaurants. What we got was expensive, not anything special, and a small portion size.
Wings were abnormally small. We've been here several times in the past few months. The wings today were half the size that they normally are. Consequently we opted not to order anymore... They did this a couple years ago, on Father's day. We stopped coming for over a year... Kind of a shame...
I love this pace SO much! The food and service are outstanding! They even have wifi if you need it!
Just got a club sub and there was no lettuce, tomato, onion oil vinegar nothing I ordered a # 8 , it clearly says on the sign it comes with mikes  way or whatever, I'm done with jersey mikes
I now know  why the reviews are so low on this restaraunt the food was highly over rated
Literally the worst buffet I have ever been to. Went there for dinner the other night and everything was just terrible. Half the food was cold and the whole place smelled like old fish. Couldn't even finish one plate of food, ended up going to get pizza elsewhere. Avoid at all costs.
Food option in lunch buffet was awesome. Chicken suka masala with dosa and idli combination is super..
I came here at least once a week when I lived down the street. This is the BIZNASS!!!
Depressing.
I waited over and hour for the ceviche de camarones. When it arrived it was literally 8 pieces of shrimp and a pile of onions. Ridiculous.  They said it takes a long time to make.  I'm not buying it and I'm never coming back. No tip.
Amazing customer service. Their work is top notch. I highly recommend this place. They took care of everything and kept me updated throughout the entire process.
We had breakfast and it was really good and alot of food. But the waitress was rude and hateful. A little bit of a slow service but we was in the hotel and on vacation so no big deal there.
I came back on a Saturday afternoon. This time I got a pitcher of beer for $5. A great deal! I had the tacos from the Happy Hour menu and they were very tasty. A pretty good experience.
Has some of the best customer service and the freshest chicken shawarma salad I've ever had!
The only good food I ever get are medium wings. I find that any Long Wong are the same and always enjoyed.   I have tried other items that I felt were poor.
Such a good find! Great prices and great service-this was better than I expected. We did the $28 special and it was just what was needed. Will be coming back for sure! Especially since it's right around the corner...yay!
Cool outlet. Need to have Boudin Sourdough Bowls. Reasonable Price on Bread and cookies
..what can I say but.. Awesome! Had the chicken Parmesan sandwich, probably the best the best I'll ever have, and the homemade Cannolis... I don't eat a lot of sweets, but wow.. just wow! you gotta try em.
I would have to concur with J B. from Cave Creek.
Update!!! You guys don't server cold burritos anymore!!!!! Thanks ! Good food here! They have a good .99 menu everyday!!!
Fake locksmith company, do not call!
I've never had a bad meal here.  It's a low key family owned joint with courteous service.  Everything is fresh and tastes like something your vietnamese grandmother would make (assuming you had a grandmother and she was vietnamese) ;)  Try it.  It's a Scottsdale gem.
My boss and I go here every week. This place is clean fast and consistent they know us by name... \n\nBeyond that, they have the best club sandwich in Charlotte.
Wow was this a waste of time and money. The staff act as if they don't care if you're here or not. Self serve everything even coffee! Nobody asked if we wanted anything else. When we went up to get roast b
Awesome falafel pita - even better smothered with my favorite babaganoush. Throw a little hot sauce, I'm a happy girl.
i changed my mind.  After hearing my frinds experiance similar to ours and seeing Hubert on the Hotel TV saying how important the experiance is, i take away a star to one star.  Less TV and more time at your restraunt.
The menu is very original, love the sound of everything. I got the Kiki burger and my hubby got Black and Green burger. They both tasted just OK, neither is in my top 10 burger list. Location was good, plenty of parking. But the food to me was nothing special.
I didn't have a good experience at this place, very long waits and staff didn't seem to care much.
Really good Chinese food.  The duck and pork noodle soup is awesome.  Portions are not that generous so be advised but worth it for Chinese hotel strip food.
This place is a total dive...it was messy and disorganized. Most of the party items were cheap and poor quality and the staff when we visited, were hardly helpful and didn't seem to want to be bothered. Spend your money elsewhere.
Not even close to the best I have had but good for the price. $25/person all you can eat, select days and limited menu but still....OK.
Good, but not great.  My experience was similar to that of other yelpers.\n- cool atmosphere\n- condiments were the star more so than the actual food.  Excellent salsa\n- drinks were delicious, but mostly ice
The food was fine but not amazing.  The decor is done very well.  The problem is that the service is so incredibly slow that even if the food was 5 star, the overall experience would still be average.
A small but quaint Target, I love that I can shop for everything that I need in a hurry without feeling like I need to cross the Sahara Desert to get the things I need. There is a Fry's Marketplace across the street, so you can get all of your shopping done in one trip!
Loved the show! Especially if you grew up in the 80's you will identify to everything! No lip singing here. They sang and the audience helped as well. Yes the props were cheesy but it was entertaining. I went away singing and thinking of old times :-)
We ordered many dishes. All were good. Nothing great. Enjoyed the food regardless.
Good atmosphere, nice place to go and chat with friends or simply ignore the world and be on your laptop.  They have a variety of coffee and sandwiches. The Nutella coffee is a good option as long as you like your coffee in the sweet side!
Had a blast, the Rooste is a fun place, loud, crowded and huge.  Wifey and I went there because it was close to our resort.  Had steak and it was good not great but the rolls and butter were fantastic.  The cotton candy was fun at the end of the meal.  Great service and very quick once we got seated.
Tuesdays are the best obvs thanks to their special. Not really a dinner place but great place to hang out and have a variety of wine selections.
Great service, relaxing environment and yummy burgers! I would definitely recommend!!!!
Very entertaining!
Yuro Supreme with no sauce. Great everytime.\n\nI have been eating here for yrs never ever a complaint.
Delicious gnocchi.  Adorable, French bistro decor.  Rich desserts.  All in all a great meal at a reasonable price.  Go early because it fills up quickly!
Quite a charade. A+ atmosphere w D- attitude. This place takes the 'club cool' to a new level. F this game - go to nine fine Irishmen, twice the fun, half the price, and none of the shenanigans of Marquee.
Food was decent and the service was fairly good as well. I got the lamb dinner and it was quite delicious. But my girlfriend's soup based meal was really subpar for $11. The house special dessert was pretty good. Overall, decent food but a little overpriced.
Why not come here and have these gorgeous girls serve you coffee in their bikinis :) we went through the drive thru. \n\nThe double D cup chai lattee is perfect. :) not too sweet. I like it.
Wonderfully fresh ingredients and a grewt value!  Would definitely recommend it! My only suggestion would be to turn uo the flavor on the shirazi salad.
Service is excellent, showroom is beaitiful, and the changing rooms are just so freaking cute. Ladies are very helpful, and offer a lot of praise for you in every item you wear, but not a lot of constructive critisism. I'll leave that to my mom. She's a professional critique! :P
I came to see it 1 last time before it closed and now I am glad it is closing. Rude workers , dirty everything,  and just not worth your time.
The food was not the greatest.
The ride itself was lovely.  The preparation before the ride was atrocious.
I tried the sesame chiken and got food poisoning. Been in bed, having headaches and vomiting all night.
Alex is the nicest chef in town! The food is great value and the atmosphere is best. One hint: go on a cold night, the dining area is always very warm.
Supposed to be a place where you can go and drift your car, but they do not provide that service.
Fun little aquarium. For what is there its very nice. The whole aquarium has a jungle temple theme which is unique and different.\n\nGood if you have young children.
The patio is right next to a bus stop and also right next to four lanes of loud traffic. Not sure which is worse, but bus people might take the cake and that includes random homeless dudes shuffling through the garbage while you attempt to enjoy coffee. This location is doomed if your looking for the outdoor Starbucks experience.
Fun for all to be had gir the price of free great music and entertainment for the eyes.
This place needs a heavy supply of air filters. The room was so dirty that we couldnt breathe after sleeping. The casino is average - same games and sports book as the others.
This place needs an A/C.  I'm not going to visit this place between the months of June and August until they do.
These fantastic gentlemen were courteous and phenomenally hard working. They constantly updated me with status reports and weren't afraid to ask questions or offer suggestions when the situation called for it. I would recommend this company for that alone, but to add the low cost of service, I can't imagine why anyone would use another moving service.
Good cooking techniques, creative presentation, but boring sauces that lack variety with fancy names, smokey flavour in the shrimp cakes will remind you of ball park hot dogs.  Exception was the shrimp tamale - quite tasty.  PS Bobby nothing personal but dancing on the cutting board didn't add any flavours to the food.
Amazing quality at an amazing price!
I thought this was pretty good - a nice selection of different types of food - fresh fruit/vegetables as well as a variety of prepared foods: sausage, cheese, pastries, etc.\n\nYou can definitely make a meal from here as well as take fresh items to cook back home.
Excellent food \nWished the service was little better but still nice place to experience
So many delicious food choices to chose from. My father & I come here and eat all the time. We love their new location - it's big, great atmosphere and as always good food. We were happy to learn that not only they serve breakfast. But serve dinner an have a full bar at their new location. We will be back again!
Simpsons Arcade game!\nProp Cycle!\nMusic games!\nWHAT MORE DO YOU WANT FROM THEM!!!\nShut up and give them your money!
Ate here for breakfast.... Amazing!!
Very solid little Northern Italian restaurant on the outskirts of PV. Friendly, efficient servers, great entrees. My only problem was the appetizer mussels were tiny, but the other app (a grilled veggie platter) and all the entrees were great. A solid 4 stars.....
I expected to spend about thirty minutes in this place and play a couple old pinball machines. Three hours later, we were still there and ready to play more. An unexpected surprise were the vintage video games like Asteroids, Joust and many more. And they all worked! It was a blast from the past.
Nope.......enough said.  Nothing like the Sushi Mon on the other side of town.  We felt constantly ruched and the fish had the consistency of previously frozen fish.
Nice decor, friendly staff.  Seems to be a Boston bar, but I cant confirm that since I wasnt actually there on a game night.  Nice bar, nice patio, good food.
If you like noise and smoke and don't care about the service along with a manager who ignores the no smoking laws then this is the place for you.
This location is the main Borders in the Las Vegas Valley.  They have the largest book selection and that is all they sell.  Don't expect a large music or DVD selection as this one primarily focuses on books.
Grumpy, grumpy, grumpy cashiers!  My husband tried to purchase a storage unit for inside the garage and was treated so rudely he wanted to apologize for disturbing them!  Who needs this kind of treatment in this day and age!
I haven't even gotten my food(to go) yet, but they gave my order to someone else, then made it with the wrong side, and now I'm hoping I make my flight.  Folks standing to order while a gal stands playing with her phone in fruit of them.  Idiots.
Always a good time. Bar area is small and crowded but worth it to see all the cool acts that come through this venue.
Dr Jeffries and staff are very polite. Getting medications is a ginormous hassle. They can get you in when you need to normally, but follow through is lacking.
Off the beaten path by the airport with bar and outdoor seating in addition to main area. Authentic Mew York Italian staff. \n\nLunch me menu is limited compared to dinner menu. \n\nGood food. Reasonable prices. \n\nSpimoni was excellent, good house Chianti.
The donuts weren't fresh what so ever, Francine or whatever the lady's name was, was a total bitch. Then after slammed the window in my face while trying to ask for napkins, then she came back with a nasty attitude. I definitely won't be coming back.
Love this place! Great service and good food. Another great \"spot\" in downtown Gilbert.
Ugh, sux, nowhere to sit unless you pay for pricey bottle service.  We stopped here as part of club crawl. We left after 20 min.
The best....period! \n\nThin crust, mushroom and cheese, extra well done so its almost bunt cut into squares.
Kungpao chicken is the best iv ever had!\n\nFood is great, they are fast, and friendly. \n\nI love this place!
I give it 1 because no high chair \nWe order the food well done but was bloody!! \nI just like the palinma
it's a good deal for lunch , but way overvalued for dinners. Nothing special about their suchi, just the regular ones. the presentation can be much better. their staff needs better training and the ventilation is quite poor.
Lots of Awesome musics divided by continents. I had so much fun with the music. Only complain is the price. I think it was too expensive... but I spend quiet a bit of day and I enjoyed it.
Good food, but expensive for the price. \n\nThe service was mediocre, as they charged me a price that was different from what's stated on the menu.\n\nOne of those places where the food is so rich that you only go once every four months
I have been here 3 times so far. The food has been really tasty.  This area has been waiting for a place like this as you can see from the crowded parking lot almost every night.  They have a solid beer selection and the $1 tasters let you explore.  Try the shrimp tacos!  I'm looking forward to my next visit.
Five stars !! Love this place ! They all have talent and my custom cake looks amazing ! Thank you so much
Great multi level club, great on Thursday night. Love the roof top patio. Lines are a little long  and they hold the door sometimes but its cool.
The quality of food is good, but other than that... it's overpriced, unclean and the owner is very unprofessional.
Okay place to rest and shower.  Aside from that, I wouldn't recommend it.  They are doing renovations and it is at a great location, directly accross from Caesars Palace.  Harrah's should probably sell this property or do a property exchange.
The drinks and food were good, the price, ehh not so much.  Beautiful place with a great stage area with live music.  Enjoyed the atmosphere and the bartender was very versed on mixology.  But, like a mentioned it was pricey.  Maybe I'll be back for happy hour.
Located on 67th ave. just north of Deer Valley, on west side of street.  This place is normally fairly clean, has a lot of customers, and has a good selection of stuff.  Only complaint is the darn loitering kids from the nearby school who dress like homeless hipster types.
like Ikea furniture but quality does not  seem to be as good as it used to be. My new Poang chair parts are so warped can't assemble (see pic) and finish is very rough
FANTASTIC, moist, tender corned beef year round! Honestly, this is a great bar with live music and a cheap enough bar tab, but the quality of the food exceeds expectations.
By far the best cigar/ pipe selection  with a lounge in the Pittsburgh area!  Great employees and very knowledgeable as well ! A must to come by too!
I used to live right down the street from here and I would stop in to get an iced dirty soy chai on the way to work. They make an amazing one, but it is really expensive for a small drink. Free WiFi is nice.
Tobin Hearing center made my hearing sense so natural , mostly I forget I have them on .these group are personable caring precise , love them with bottom of my heart. Thank you for genuine service .you will have my blessings every day
I think you need to be really into Star Trek...or be young enough to not be so jaded about the whole experience.\n\nSort of a mix of a show and a ride...\n\nYeah...it's your thing...
I would rather eat Ramen noodles. The service was exceptionally terrible. Go to OE its cheaper and you get more quality food.
Customer service at it's best.  Everyone here is super friendly and willing to to help you out with just about anything you need.\n\nI was in there this weekend and they really went above & beyond what they needed to do for me.  All I have to say is THANK YOU!!!
Smells like hipster.  Which is about 10 times worse than normal BO because the hipsters are too cool to shower more than once a week.  Because that would show they cared...\n\nThe place does put on some decent shows, they just need to work on sound quality.
So I gave it a 3 because the cookies are a 5 and the cupcakes are a 0. Cupcakes are not moist flavorful nor are they very sweet or good at all. Science experiment gone wrong! But cookies are perfect just stay away from cupcakes here.
This was our first visit.  It was overpriced,  understaffed and the tables outside were sticky.
Nice place, loved the interior. DECENT, i repeat, decent food. \n\nNot great but not terrible.
Overpriced and the guy serving me had bad customer service and you can tell he just wanted your money
I am a professional realtor and just had the experience of dealing with this company and would NOT recommend them. They did not perform the drilling on a termite treatment until called to the carpet and asked to complete the service. Even then they did not complete the drawing showing a thorough treatment as required by the state.
Same story as everybody else. Waiting in a really long line, and only 2 attendants. They must not care too much about customer service around here.
Love this local favorite.   Great atmosphere and friendly staff.  Food is great and reasonably priced.
Best coffee in Phoenix.  You should also try Pane Bianco next door.
This pizza was gross.  It was under cooked, and over priced.  I agree with a previous posting that a frozen pizza is better than what they are serving here.  also the village food court inside the NYNY Hotel is very crowded, and not planned well so seating can be hard to find.
Great Breakfast. \n\nWaffles were awesome. \n\nPricing was good as well.
Eggs Benedict with lobster was great! Service was great, decor was old .. Price was just right fr the food quality
Great menu selection. Different than the ordinary traditional choices.\nI had to try the seasoned meatloaf wrapped in bacon... Yum\nFrom others at our table I tasted the buttermilk chicken breast and the salmon - both were excellent. Can't wait to go back and have breakfast someday.
This place is really underrated. If you get there before 4pm you can get the lunch portion... It's a lot of food! The banana treats they give you after your meal are delish!
Yeah, Tonya nailed it. They have some cool items, but it's definitely gonna cost you!
Love this place! Tried the chicken and waffles and it definitely was a good choice! Love coming here for dinner or brunch I never leave unhappy!
pretty good, but too much smokers in there. the business owner is a good friend of ours. good place, recommended. i haven't been there for a while, but the food i remember is really good.
The service really deserves 0 stars, it required 20 minutes and the effort of 4 people to put some lettuce and chicken in a plastic dish and whip up a frozen hot chocolate! The real kicker... I paid $30 for the salad and drink! I could have done the Wynn buffet for nearly the same price.
I decided to try this place after reading reviews on Yelp. The service was great. They make sure to pay attention to little things, like calling you by name after you sign in. I love that they don't try and do manicures and pedicures at the same time in an effort to rush you through
Love this place!\n\nGreat food and atmosphere.  Nice selection on All You Can Eat menu.  Only minor drawback is that I wish they served smoked salmon, but the rest of the food more than makes up for it not being on the menu.  Always my go to spot for sushi!
Amazingly beautiful hotel with great customer service! I would recommend them for any event!
Amazing amazing place for a mommy and daddy get away here in town :) we went on the grinolda ride and our tour guide was just so wonderful. For the price of the food and the booze... I couldve made it better at home but, thats a five star get away for ya!
When they get crowded they skimp on the protein and if they run out of the steak they barely cook it and its bloody. Also they are so busy talking that they forget how to do your order...Three times I said no red salsa and each time you put it on there.  Three stars because its hit or miss.
Slow service... Ok food. There is a streets in anthem with better service and fresher food.
I have a 4 day a week subscription to the Arizona Republic. I never read it but it makes for perfect poop papers in and around my Umbrella Cockatoos' cages!
200 dollars for 2 appetizers 2 entr\u00e9es and mediocre food and no alcohol  = 1 star ill add 1 star for the courteous staff..
Best buffet in Las Vegas, hands down. Great options, so much food and different cultures to chose from. LOVED it and can't wait to go back again (SOON, Hopefully!)
Becoming ever more popular as diners are discovering the huge selection of fresh Dim Sum at reasonable prices in a very pleasant, modern decor. I am now a frequent diner at lunch time. May have to check out dinner sea food menu.
My friends got me a cupcake for my birthday from here and it was the most amazing thing that has ever been in my mouth. I have VERY high standards for future cupcakes...
The food is average for the price. I would probably only go for the cheesecake next time. It is a bit pricey for what you get. The wings are not great. It was very busy so the service was slow but understandably with the crowd. It does have nice patio seating there.
Went back for the banana bread pancakes. They taste like a blend of oatmeal and cardboard.
Literally d'lish. I think I've had and loved everything on the menu. Nuts&berries salad, california club, turkey club, southwest burrito bowl, protein burger, ...everything. healthy and amazing.
Food here is decent but for the price you pay it is not worth it at all. If I'm gonna pay the same price range as Bellagio or Wicked Spoon, then I want the same amount of options. Thank God I had a $100 food voucher and didn't have to pay for this place,
Qdoba needs to que up their service and cleanliness.  I was quite disappointed walking in to this location to find shreds of lettuce on the floor, sticky chairs, and trash under tables.  I know it isn't a five star restaurant, but cleanliness is mandatory, no matter what type of restaurant it is.
Please someone tell me why they put ice in their juice???? It could have gotten 5 stars if they didn't use ice. Ice in juice, like who does that?
This is a tired old Dairy Queen with zero curb appeal, dirty, smells, and the ice cream is basic at best. Look a bit farther if you want something decent.
I had an awesome first visit here. I forget my waiters name but he was very kind and professional. The place was very calm and I enjoyed every bite of my food, especially the dessert!
Food is just OK, awesome beer selection and good happy hour deals plus a reverse happy hour after 10 PM.  If you want awesome steaks spend the extra money and go to T-Bones in Red Rock.\n\nWayne Gorsek
Love Dutch Bros! This location is my favorite by far, and I've been to quite a few around the valley. Great people working here, fast and friendly.
the quality of meat and selection of beers are the best things here.  the burgers, sliders, fries, fried zucchini were all boring and overcooked, and the decor, ambiance and service were all pretty stale. better than most other options in the area probably, but not worth getting excited about.
Gross! They closed due to failing health inspection numerous times. Cockroach infestation! Check public health site. They post to public. Jong Blahhhh!
The Phoenix airport is a good example of a large small airport.  It has pretty good flights and seems to be fairly updated.  Food options are good too.
Great staff.. Very Attentive..\n\nI had the Jajangmyun. It tasted OK, a bit bland. It had tons of onions and I think it had a bit of meat but didn't see it.
Out of Business. Building has been vacant for a couple years. Will be torn down as part of the freeway expansion.
This was the only place open for lunch this early besides Carnegie.  It was ok, nothing special, should have waited longer for other places to open.  The highlight was the milkshake, not the burger.
Generous portions and very inexpensive prices.  A somewhat confusing array of Middle Eastern and Indian foods, but all very tasty.  The market has some unusual items that you can't find anywhere else.
This is an excellent place for brunch.  The texture of their eggs is amazing - I have no idea how they do it.  The bread basket is great, and the bloody marys are so so good.
I forgot to edit this review!  I had lunch with Christine at Saigon a couple of weeks after my 4/4/2014 visit and had a better experience.
Hangover Food!
$10 dollars for three baby tacos with slivers and I mean slivers of fish or mushrooms, all on a wet plate?  No thanks, that was a rip off.
Food was fabulous!  Never had Ethiopian so we shared the sampler platter.  A bit of everything and it was delicious.
Chef Rubber has the best customer service. If you can't find something, they'll definitely try and get it for you. Tammy is my fave sales person. She truly goes above and beyond with helping me find the right product / sweets / ideas for my sweet boutique. Will continue to be a loyal customer.
The friendliest, least snobby place in NC.  Gotta drop by, a must!!!  USA vs Germany today. Wine, lunch,  limited rowdiness!!
Complete waste of time. Save your money, time, and appetite and go to Aria or Bellagio. Their breakfast buffet is so limited it's a waste of money at nearly $20 a head before tip. 80% of their stations are closed until 11 so if you want something other than ihop go elsewhere like aria.
Pretty good spot for drink specials and to catch the game.. Everybody nice there.. No complaints
MIght very well be my favorite place to people watch in AZ.  Post up at the Zinc bar with your girl and a martini on a Friday night and just watch the people.\n\nWonderful place.  Get the French Onion soup.
Amazing food! We tried Parma based on the positive reviews, and have to say this is the best Italian we can remember! Truffle Mac n cheese is outstanding, linguini & clams was perfect, and the Parma salad is delicious!
We went for lunch buffet, the food was just ok. Not many people were there and the ambiance too was not good. Being an Indian, definitely  I have tasted better food, the options for vegetarians were less and even did not taste so well.
Fantastic people who care about great food and health. I love this place, and the sauce bar. Chicken Bowls for life!
Great fresh salads and fresh new flavors for their slice of the day.  Perfect for lunch inside or outside on the nice shaded patio.  Plus I love it when you tell your server you're splitting something and they do the work for you and bring it on two plates.
The excellent food more than makes up for the lack of ambience. My favorite were the tacos- chorizo, cabeza, lengua and pastor. The menudo was really good, too. Will definitely return.
Burgers were good and staff were very nice and helpful. I would recommend this place for a quick bite to eat before heading  out for the night.
This is my favorite food. I love the Chicken Panang Curry as well as the Cashew Chicken. Reasonably priced. Super convenient carry-out.
This place is amazing! Best taco place for the best price!!
The food was good and our waitress was amazing. The menus were dirty and other customers were very loud. The wait on our food was a little longer then usual but it was worth the wait.
Came here with a restaurant.com certificate and it was great. I ordered a salad, wine, meatball appetizer, and pasta with a friend. It was good food. The service was great. The place is definitely a happening one and is busy. It was very nice and I will be back again.
Unbeatable for the beer selection. Where else can you get Lost Coast Watermelon Wheat Beer, followed by Purple Haze, followed by Big Sky Moose Drool? Town Square- easy parking, happy hour, better than average bar/casual food. BOOM.
Great food! So fresh and so many delicious options! Actually good gluten free pizza, most places its like a cracker, but this was a great consistency. Amazing service as well! Highly recommend!
Clean store and always stocked.  If you can't find something, they are eager to assist.  There are long lines at check out but they move fast.  Car wash is great!  Always enjoy a good hot dog while there.  Bought a dining room table and chairs several months ago and very happy with it.
Laughing so hard... There is nothing Hawaiian in the market. Not even L&L. The joke is on you.
The chicken is wonderful... it's moist and juicy.  The burritos were great, too.  Awesome place to have a casual lunch or dinner.  The one thing that is confusing is how to order food.  They should make that easier to figure out at first blush.
Excellent sirloin teriyaki, and I like that they offer brown rice. Excellent wait staff, nice scenery, but the place is pretty spendy.
Very authentic?! There was even a faint resentment towards people without exact change and those who did not speak French.
The quality of service and car wash has become absolutely horrible at this location. Plus they have the highest gas prices in the area.
you get what you pay for, beef and broccoli was good but pho barely had any meat.\nStill good for being a small place, very clean!
Cute neighborhood establishment. Avoid going if in a chatty group of 2+ - the lap-toppers want solace. Guess I missed the memo on accepting that a coffee shop is a place to work rather than to socialize :)
Lint left on suit snags in suit coat. Worse job ever. Never again. There has to be better places that won't leave stuff dirty and ruined. Stay away and find another place if you like your clothes!
Sizes are big. A bit pricey. Food tasty
The food is so good, the brother and sisters who run the restaurant are super nice, and you may need a wheel barrow to be rolled out in, as the amount of awesome food you get is enough for two meals, or one big appetite. A great place for a date or to bring the family.
Good enough, except I can't stand anywhere that allows the windshield repair vultures to operate there. It feels like when I refuse the windshield repair the car wash is subpar. Make sure to print off the coupons from the website, you can save alot.
Love the carne asada tacos.  The place is clean, staff is friendly and they have one of those nifty coke machines where you have 1000's of mixing choices.  We've been there several times already and plan to return.
This place looks kinda shady on the outside!  I was nervous dropping my dog off here while staying in Vegas.  But, he returned clean and happy.  The rates are really great too... Two days of boarding and grooming cost me $46.
Lines are WAY too long for overly salty foods. I guess people only come here for the cheap prices. For some reason, I prefer Hometown Buffet more but I am the only one haha. Although the chocolate dipped strawberries are kinda fun!
Food is great!  Fast and friendly service.  Get the meatballs and arugula salad.  So good!
Worst service ever! Ordered take out and it took almost 45 minutes to get my food. I don't know why it took the so long because there was no one in the restaurant. I am never going there again!
Pure evil scumbags charged 350 to tow car 20 minutes, they are criminals and state should shut them down!
Do not order delivery from this place!  They were an hour late. They forgot our dipping sauces, and the food was cold.
Susan and Michael did an amazing job this evening !!! My fingers and toes are always happy when I walk out of all about nails. Clean and friendly... I don't go anywhere else
The burgers are GOOD. Please note that I gave a capital good, but not a lower case great :P . I only went because of a 50 percent off groupon, and i'm glad i did. Since its in vegas though, its worth noting that relatively speaking, its a hellishly good/cheap meal.
Rude staff and cold fries! I would have given one star but the inside looks nice. Modern and clean. My friend was told she could get iced coffee with her meal with no extra charge then was charged $1 extra.
I prefer \"All About Tennis\" but SA gets a thumbs up for having a decent selection of Tennis-related gear, having wide-size tennis shoes in stock, XL size socks (these are shockingly hard to find), plus it's really close to home and the club.
The best thing about this restaurant is the wine list.  The pizza comes in second. The rest of my party agreed that the pasta was deficient.
I always have the chicken curry and can't stop eating until I have finished everything. Always walk out of there feeling way too full. Today I decided to keep it light and have a lentil soup and tabbouleh. It was delicious and I am full again! How did that happen?
Great  food, but watch out for the specials with outrageous prices. Staff is apparently schooled to push the specials and avoid mentioning the super high prices. Deceptive practices like this ruin the experience.
Large and clean, staff are all young pimply faced nerds but they were helpful, even took our porn jokes in stride.  Had an issue with my card and a manager was called over immediately and worked to get the situation fixed as quick as possible.  Would go back there again.
One of the best places for Greek food! My family is Greek& this comes pretty darn close to my grandma's cooking.
Saw this place during their Rock Paper Scissors tournament and was blown away. Used to have a buddy that lived in these apartments before they were renovated and it is totally different! Management is great and makes me feel at home away from home. Love that I can walk to school!
Great for a quick cut.  $22 for extreme attention to detail and excellent finish.
Nice atmosphere. Large menu choice. Good food. Good service. Decently priced. Good beer... What more needs to be said?
Love this location. Staff is friendly and service never disappoints. Sat at the bar on a busy Friday night had attentive service and food was phenomenal as usual.
Paper think sushi, why do they think we wouldn't realize this, unreal. Purchased 20 for 40 Groupon,  stay away, not worth it at all
I was surprised at how small the cake was.    But had the cake tasted awesome it would have made up for it.   It was one of the worst cakes I had ever tasted .    Very very disappointing
Service wasn't really that great and the wait was too long. My burger came out dry and my friend's bbq sandwich barely had any meat with only a mere three slices. Her mom ordered a well-done steak, but that came out looking like coal. I'm extremely disappointed and I probably wont ever come again.
We got to enjoy crispy buckwheat crepes and light salad for lunch here. The wait staff brings a credit card machine to you and you can swipe and enter in the amount for tips right at your table. There are small gift options or desserts-on-the-go you can browse in the store.
I didn't purchase anything here, they claim to be number 1 in Las Vegas the only thing they are number 1 in is horrid customer service. They blame the recession on not having enough stock or staff after you have prepaid for something, but the reason for their failure is their customer service! Thank goodness for chargebacks on credit cards!
The food is pretty average italian, but good.\n\nThe all you can drink wine is what makes it worth the price, so I'd pass if you're not planning on drinking.\n\nThe old accordian player is pretty sweet as well.
Here's my experience.  I have an hour long lunch break on the same side of town, and they can't even get my sandwich out to me in time.  A ten dollar sandwich that can't be ready in under 30 minutes?  No thanks.
The selection is good. The smoke lounge does not exist so don't expect that....the lingering smoke and the non-existance chill space is the reason for my two stars. The hillbilly rocking chairs just don't do it for me. The staff is very.
This place is hyped and overrated. I'd pick a costco polish sausage any day over this. AND, it's kind of a long wait for a friggin HOT DOG. gaahhh.
It seems to me that the optical business is often a shell game. But I did not get\nthat feeling here. Dr Jordan was terrific. There was no hard sell and they had the \nglasses ready when promised the next morning.
Great plaza with eclectic mix of shops and eateries. Wedding Band and Gold Gallery is where we got our unique wedding bands (love their staff) and we're at AJ's Fine Foods every day or so.
Really impressed with this location. I've only had one massage that was really not what I was looking for. I let managment know and they took action asap. The other three therapists have really been great. As a therapist myself I really appreciate when a location can offer well trained therapist and managment that knows how to fix problems.
A personal favorite in Surprise!\n\nTry the Supreme Rolled Tacos w/ Carne Asada.
Their king size bed is actually queen size. Room is tiny. We are pretty disappointed. \nOverall the design is very modern and nice. The griddle cafe is wonderful but long line in the morning.
Very good battered dipped fish, cole slaw bland, fries came barely warm. Service is fast for crowd, very nice and friendly staff. I'll go back for the fried cod. Did have to exchange coffee cup. It had some funk dried and stuck to the inside wall.
This didn't turn out to be what i expected. Soup base was so salty, and the meat melted in the soup. I couldn't taste the meat at all. All in all...mehhhhhh
Wow, awesome and old school! Nicest car wash I've ever been to and for $9.48 and getting the interior all done its a sweet deal!
This place is an easy 5.  Great food and nothing has disappointed me ever!
TSA is getting better here, not as time consuming but they could really improve the gate signs.
Really beautiful place and structure; esp City Center; fascinating to see how fast Vegas has grown into~
Got my nails filled and a Ginger spice pedicure... my nails look awesome and the shoes they gave me to wear home were real shoes ! Awesome service... Attention to detail and friendly staff ! Thank you! Can't wait to get back in and have Brian cut my hair!
What is the point of making an appointment if you have to wait almost an hour anyway. When I signed in no one else had an appt but me, but I still waited. Pointless! Also, very grouchy people, slamming doors, and non friendly.
Great pizza.  Found this place when I was going to ASU in the 90's and still go.  They have several more valley locations now.
Quick, cheap and friendly. I was done in less  than 5 minutes. Mention yelp and get a couple bucks off.  I'll be using them from now on.
Waited two hours for a big party. Waited another 30 minutes for the food.  The food was okay but definitely not worth the wait.  La Parilla  Suiza is much better!
Overpriced and just ok..  Service wasn't anything fantastic.  Grind Burger up the street is better, cheaper, and cool ambiance.
I do enjoy the more traditional sashimi and simple spicy tuna hand rolls - but there was something fun about reading the menu at I Love Sushi.  Makes ordering fun.\n\nI loved that the waitresses wore traditional kimonos.\n\nAnd the fancy rolls were delightful.
Hip location and atmosphere, and the food was above average as well.  Veggie pakoras were outstanding, and I loved the red chili chutney that is served alongside the mint and tamarind.  Northern Indian entrees were rather good, but the Dosai were very average.  Sambar was watery and low in flavor.
Nothing super special about this place.  Good coffee and decent sandwiches (especially after a long night of drinking. \n\nIt's gets 4 stars for two reasons:\n\n1. Free WiFI\n2. Open 24/7.
Probably the worst dining option in the MGM Grand. Went with four friends for a casual lunch, and each one of us were dissatisfied with the service and food. Avoid this place.
Honestly, not my favorite theatre in town.  West side, uncomfy seats, surcharge for the ultra screen (same regular screen movie, projected onto a larger screen, loss of resolution.)  On the upside the early matinees for the new run shows are $5.  That's sweet.
This place is awesome! Very authentic Mexican food. Whenever I am on that side of town we always stop here. My favorite are the carne asada tacos. They have great carnitas and horchata here too! A bit small so if you are going for lunch get there early because sometimes the line is out the door.
Have eaten here a couple of times and have been fairly pleased.  Ate here Saturday November 3rd.  Service okay, but food was cold.  Later, after no other food, stomach problems and out it came.  My impression is that they are so busy they cut corners, with the food and probably with the prep in the kitchen.
Impressive. The food was great. Atmosphere was pretty awesome.
Wendy gives such a wonderful massage. She always asks for what pressure level you want and where to spend more attention, and she asks for feedback and follows cues throughout the massage. I feel so great after a massage, and highly recommend Mindful Massage. Reasonable rates, too.
Very tasty.  Had the pork which it typically dry but here it was really good.  The only thing is that I got bored with the flavor.  Quality of ingredients are very high.
Consistently good sushi, and great happy hour specials.
Oh my god. that's worst service. The staff is not very polite. I feel very bad, food is OK, one star, I won't go back to eat.
Very disappointed with my visit here was definitely not worth the time and money... I did however purchase the 3 for $57 so we chose this the Secret Garden at mirage and Bodies the exhibition at Luxor which in my opinion was the best of the 3!
Absolutely amazing little hole in the wall. Their bread is fresh baked and amazing. I had the cheesesteak and it was extremely fresh and piping hot. Prices are reasonable. Will definitely come back!
Good spot for lunch.
Had the meatiest, unbelievably stuffed beef burrito ever here. Cheap too, although it was kind of greasy. Still good though, A-OK!
Okay place, good food, good prices, strip friendly location...what more can you ask for? Most of the food here can also be cooked lao style which is way better than the american-washed thai style stuff out there so go try it out....I go there all the time when im in vegas
Had the salmon fettuccine and quite enjoyed it. The cream sauce was delicious and the fish is something I've never tried before in pasta. The window seating above the street makes for entertaining people watching as well. Service was prompt and the restaurant kitchen is open later than most of that stretch.
It was okay. Nothing crazy. I mean all you can eat crab legs and oysters was my highlight.
Great food beer and wine.This is a great place to have fish & chips & watch the games!
The first time I brought my father, since I go there every 10 days. very friendly and professional staff. Everything brend new and clean inside. is not need to wait in line, just serve very correctly. I felt very comfortable going there because it is very close to my house.
Service was good but the food was average. Some of the cuts were a miss and nothing really stood out. The polenta was good. They needed their premium cuts to come to our table more often. I would go back to try to see if it was just an off night.
Had the ropa vieja.  Very good.  Rice and beans good but not remarkable.\n\nHad the cuban sandwich.  Very good, just as good as leftovers.
Terrible service...terrible food...this place smells like rotten wet wood
I order breakfast and it was not very impressive at all.   You know it's bad when the eggs have no taste and served cold.  Not to mention there were flies everywhere.  I will not eat here again and I don't recommend it.
So great! Awesome atmosphere, took their time, offered water. What a great place to escape the world!!!
Burgers were OK.  Not as good as some other places around .. if you are looking good satisfying Burger look to other options.
The staff worked with me regarding my son's food allergies. We had an awesome time eating dinner. Great atmosphere!
Nice place, only thing is it's on the opposite side of town from me.  Food was great and the gluten free desserts? WOW.  The peanut butter one is so crazy good you can't believe there's not any flour in it.  Will be back every time i make it to that side of town.
Very strong and good flavors. Very filling. I liked the on east side more then the Tempe location. Don't like eating there cuz way to dark and hipster ish lol . Worth a try
amazing food!!! best margarita i have ever had...ever!!! the hh prices are insane, you better go for dinner right now!!! bombero burrito and asada tacos are all you need to know!!!
If you like your beer served with a side of poseur attitude then this is the place for you. And are my girl and me the only people who can hear that mosquito beater whining over the completely convincing rap music?
Joel came and cleaned our carpets yesterday, and we couldn't be happier.  He was professional and polite, the price was good, and our carpets look great!  They were also dry in just a couple of hours, and with several small children, that was a huge plus!  We will definitely use Riggs Services again.
Not woth the pricing.
I've been here several times and their service is top notch!  I would recommend their chicken parm, and the Gorgonzola gnocchi.  Excellent place for a date with your significant other!
So disappointing.  The only thing that made the oysters and shrimp edible was the cocktail sauce.  Enough said.  While the staff was nice, there was not a bartender on at lunch and I got the worst Manhattan I have ever had.
This place is awesome for a good burrito.  Every morning they make fresh horchata and the breakfast burritos are made fresh on the grill.  Even though the portions are huge, I can't seem to get enough.  The employees are really friendly and a joy to be around.  I will be back frequently.
I went to this place a small couple of weeks ago and the srevice was exellent. I was shown to my seat and shown where the bar was at break time. I rate the service  marks, the only problem was at the second half someone sat in front of me which I suppose can not be helped.
If you are buying a Toyota, head on up to Avondale Toyota. The service at this dealership was sub par in the service and parts department (which is the only interaction I have had). I was not impressed, I will stick with the long drive out to I10 and 99th and have stellar service no matter what I am in for.
Their \"baked macaroni and cheese\" is nothing more than pasta shells tossed in generic nacho cheese sauce.  Disgusting beyond belief.  \n\nYou have to be BAKED to eat here---unfortunately I wasn't.
This is the best pizza in all of Las Vegas. Just ask for Yuri, he'll take care of you. He'll make you feel like The Jefe. I go there all the time and will continue to do so.
Gross brisket. It was more fat and jelly like. The bbq sauce used was gross. The turkey burger was nasty too
Horrible!!! Meats were dry sweet tea was watery mac n cheese taste like boxed kraft. Bbq sauce runny. Never Again
This was not my first time to this restaurant. Both times I have been thoroughly impressed with the menu and service. This time I had chilaquiles for brunch, and my friend had the huevos rancheros. Delicious!!!
Great price for the breakfast deal $4.99 chicken steak & eggs, friendly staff good food and price. Music is little loud. But it is a bar, what can you say right ??
Perfecto! I had the chocolate souffl\u00e9 and the cappuccino. They were both great and the service was awesome. The only thing that was off putting was the bathroom. I felt like I was in the bathroom of a Burger King. I would come back.
Consistent quality and service.  Burgers and fish were both good.  Yummy!
Best pizza! My absolute favorite. This is a family owned place!! Wish there were more, but I will drive to surprise in a heartbeat for this pizza.
Everytime I come here they forget something in my order. They all seem to be rude and hate there job. When i have told them I had missing something, they told me that I should of got it myself. Even though the item was behind thr glass case.
We couldn't have been more pleased with the service and the delicious food!! Loved everything about this place. Great way to end a day of strolling around old town Scottsdale. Perfect date spot!!
Gross man!  The food is tasteless slop and will only add about five cholesterol points to your day.  Not impressed with the granny bait store either.  The service is friendly, so at least the people who made you come here understand civility.
Overpriced for the quality and taste. They don't take American Express.
I don't know why this place got such great ratings. We got the Smallman Street fries, chili cheese fries, sausage sandwich, and corned beef sandwich. Overall, the food was flavorless. Maybe we're just spoiled since we're used to Philly's delicious cuisine..
Good looking girls, terrible service, and mediocre food.
Excellent, tasty food, but no table service or margaritas. You walk up & order. We really need a Mex place exactly like this but with waiters & a bar. Or... add a drive thru
Pretty good carry out...generous portions, quickly prepared (within 10 minutes of calling) and overall delicious for the generic Chinese take-out restaurant.
Really good overview of the Arizona desert plants and flowers. Downside: It's in the desert and it's hot as hell. Enjoy!
The FAMOUS Adobo Omelette. CHEAP EATS. Hangover Cure. Big portions.\n\nGreat place for comfort food and lots of seating.
I have driven by this place many times and see a good number of people eating there. Finally I go. yuck! It was the worst fried food I ever tasted. Everything was fresh from the freezer,square fish, and you could see the salt lying on the batter. My husband and I threw the food out and went to Santan.
Good service and good food.  I had the mussels and the serving size was enough for two.  The flavor was outstanding.
Was good but not out of this world. Saw a few college students and business folks in the restaurant so it must be consistently good food.
ok flavors, but doesnt taste nearly as good as the froyo ive had in chicago.  Forever Yogurt on state street gets my vote!
I felt a great sense of welcoming in this store, they gave me tips w/o having to feel like making a purchase. Very knowledgable individuals
Subpar! Feels like a Cracker Barrel that serves dinner. Not worth $. Menu was POORLY executed! Sounded good on paper (& that's a stretch) tasted horrid!  I would expect better from a Four Seasons...
Good burger and dog.  Great shake.  Great service.  Fast in.   Manager checked on us.   Fries a little cold.   A bit pricey but so is rest of Vegas!
Yuk !  So noisy ... food to salty ... what else can I write. I been to better places , not coming back. See Ya'll Texas Roadhouse we are in Phoenix not Texas.
just another outlet
One of my favorite places in Glendale. Everything I've tried I've absolutely loved. I've had the pesto chicken pizza, the mahi mahi is amazing, the cilantro hummus is delicious. Service is always great. Their lemonade is refreshing and yummy.
This is strictly a review of the food. The service was good but the food could have been much better. I won't compare it or say I should have gone to XYZ, but its nothing to write home about in my opinion. Better options out there.
I've enjoyed my trip to  Phoenix and the good food is one of the reasons.  I really liked Ristorante Giuseppe.  Great food and the owner was very welcoming.  Plus BYOB.  Yes, not the fanciest place, but felt like you were dining someplace special.  I would go back in a heartbeat.
Delicious BBQ and bibimbap. Greta soups. 24hr. Very dear to my heart.
good for late night eats. Good burger patty but please change the bun already. Too much bread.
We have experienced very poor customer service here.  Due to this poor customer service nothing else has mattered.
Overpriced for food and most of the food while it looks good is rather bland tasting.  As far as the beer goes the do keep a lot of nice rotating taps on but the beer operation is really a one man show, when James isn't around the place has no life or atmosphere.
This place is disgusting, I would not take my dog back to this place. The building is in poor condition, the bathrooms were covered in profanity and the doctor seemed like he was drunk. He repeated himself often and didn't seem too aware of his surroundings.
THIS REVIEW IS FOR CABELA'S RESTAURANT\nI ate here twice. Twice it was very bad cafeteria food. Bummer.\n\nYou are better off hitting one of the surrounding restaurants. Lots of OK ones to choose from.
We shop here every time we are in town. We filled up the whole car!  It get busy here so parking is challenging but worth the hassle. Highly recommended!
This company is Awful! We have tried several months for Larry Smith to return our calls. He is evidently the manager, and seems to never be available , or doesn't know how to use his phone. We paid several thousand dollars for a transfer of our timeshare which they never completed. Never use this company!
Tried their foot reflexology and had a great time, perfect after a long day of standing. Great service and friendly people there. Will come back soon :D
I want to start off by saying that Chinese food should not have YELLOW Rice!!! They do have good lunch specials and again this Chinese food wasn't very good. Still searching for a good Chinese food place here in Charlotte. The only reason why I tried this place because I was next to it at the time. Still searching!
Harley Davidson Cafe, Macaroni and Cheese is the Best thing I've ever ate....OMG\n\nI wish i knew the recipe because I would make it and eat it all the time
Good Pho, I always take it to go as this restaurant is next to a cigar shop that often smells smoky.
Suprising as yummy as Santa Monica .I'll be back ! Open one in Scottsdale will u ?
Things must have gone down the drain since my last visit as my last experience in terms of food quality was horrible.Other than the smiling waitress, the sprng rolls tasted right out of the freezer and my chicken curry was everything left to be desired. the chicken did not taste fresh and the dish was unappetizing.
Food takes way to long. Decorations okay but not the best. Took 30 minutes to get 1 order of Pad Thai out. Server barely noticed us. All in all service was horrible and I would never come back.
Great cute cafe style restaurant. The food is fresh and made on site. Excellent food and prices. We especially enjoy the Mexican style egg dishes, pancakes, and Hawaiian French toast. This cafe is family owned and operated. The staff is extremely friendly and courteous.
Not worth the money! Drinks $8 and not good and very small. Chips that were served with the guacamole were very greasy. Pear salad and pear not ripe. Pork chop under cooked. After telling waitress the above, she didn't offer any suggestions to rectify. Very disappointing!
Very good but, remember to ask for eggs soft if you like em that way. Pancakes are very good as well.
The rooms are nice and the breakfast is good. Not worth is with the traffic and noise outside. It is horrible! I do not recommend this hotel if you are trying to catch some quick shut eye after a long drive.
Nice atmosphere for a basement restaurant, and not at all what I expected. Ordered their bibimbap and it was absolutely wonderful. A bottle of Soju was the perfect side. \n\nVery friendly service and great prices are sure to keep me coming back.
Have been going here for a while now..  ERIC is the best...  he does my hair and the kids hair too and we couldn't be happier..  and for the waxing AMANDA is wonderful...  :)
Love love this place food amazing! Living entertainment! So fun! Must come!! Bathrooms are very clean the pictures on the wall are so cool! Old Vegas all the way!!!!
Great place to buy a house!
Great wings!
Try to eat here last night since it got good reviews. Just letting you know the place is CLOSED. They are expanding!
Had the Irish nachos, fantastic twist on nachos.  The cheesesteak had a good flavor but too much bun.   Our server Madison was great, took real great care of our party
As a loyal Paradise customer it baffles me how poorly the bakery is run at this location.  Literally 8 out of 10 times I am there to pick up lunch there are not chippers- or if there are only a few choices.  People on line do a great job as do cashiers - good is consistent .
Nice place to stop in for a glass of wine.  Small place, very cozy and intimate...perfect place for having conversations or a date.  Friendly staff and great service.
Great restaurants and cafes here. If you're casino hopping and looking for good food, this is the place to stop!
Good greek restaurant, nice ambiance, outstanding Gyros.
Good location and interesting menu but service was weird with waiter who changed his fake French accent everytime he came out. Food was ok not stellar but still a good lunch spot. Hostess attitude about reservations vs walk-ins was ridiculous given the low traffic in the door lol
It would be a bargain at twice the price.  Celebrity Vegas Tours is one of the best Vegas adventures I've ever had.  How often do you get to hang out with the the stars of reality TV and other media?  Check it out today.
Our waitress was warm & friendly.\n\nThe food is always consistent here. Comforting and delicious!
Let's be honest with each other on this review. Yes, it's downtown Charlotte, NC but who cares. For the prices that this hotel charges, they can do much better. I'd suggest that they call the Omni in Pittsburgh and find-out how its done.
Terrible terrible food
soggy food
home fries are usually great today they were terrible! I can see why they hardly have any customers, everyone is at the harrisburg family restaurant down the street.
Very overrated.  If you are expecting good Vietnamese good, you'll need to downgrade your expectation.
Bought tickets, still had to bribe bouncers to get in. Fuck that.
Don't believe the hype....just ok. \n\nThe honey BBQ wings were gross. Smothered in a ton of sauce! The regular hot wings (well done) were decent.
The free little chocolate tour is fun, the cactus garden is cool and the best part is being able to chocolates at the end, I particularly like the Creme Liqueurs! If you havent had them you need to try them!
The BEST gyro in scottsdale, the people are very friendly and 90% of the time they do a great job. Once in a while during the lunch rush, the food takes too long, but its only happened to me twice. I still love to eat here.
Average food.  Slow service.
Finally, a hot bagels by us up here on happy valley. Tasty tasty indeed!
Just to let you know, the owner of the restaurant contacted me after she read my review and told me I complain too much.
The food is so mediocre in every way. The beer list and Eleanor are above average.
Edible pub food in an airport....certainly better than buying overpriced snacks on the plane. Can't say I'd choose to eat here again however can't promise that I wouldn't if no other choices arose.
Simply awesome food! Manu covers almost everything.
This place is over priced. Nothing special. I dont mind paying for food if its worth it but everything i had was just okay. The service was good Natalie was our waitress, she payed close attention and always checked up on us. I like the outside seating area and the calamari.
Sympathische Bedienung, gute Stimmung, gemischtes Publikum, angenehm leise Musik. Wenn ich wieder mal in KA bin hol mein Guinness dort.
*Please note: If you are a vegetarian or vegan McDonald's puts beef flavoring in their fries and hash browns.
These hoes ain't loyal. Lol they aren't great... Or even aiiiight. Their beers are way overpriced and it smells like my high school gym in there! LAAAME! Go somewhere else huuuuneys!
The experience was pleasant but I took my car to my mechanic a week or two later to get my brakes replaced.  They told me that I was about a quart low on oil which is disappointing.  It's a hassle to go back and ask them to fill it completely.
Great place!! Very clean and professional!  Prices are reasonable and lots of options.
The cheese blintzes are to die for.  I also got to try the Egg and cheese croissant, which was buttery and light. Yum!  Cash only and very crowded though so be forewarned.
Review for breakfast visits only.  After the remodeling a couple years ago this place got a lot more efficient. My orders are fast, accurate, and the food is always hot.  Drive-thru moves rather well in breakfast hours.
I was surprised to see this restaurant turn into quite the late night hangout. Be prepared for loud music and lots of bodies if you come on the late side.
Love it! I can't say one negative thing about this place. Delicious food, great menu selection, fantastic service, nice ambience, good prices and yummy Aguas frescas. I recommend the strawberry with vodka! You won't be disappointed. I could eat here every week and not get tired of it.
Good korean bakery! Tried their cake, was good.  And bought bunch of cake and bakery goods! Wish they have a store like this in mn.
The only good thing about Secret Pizza is the location and the name.  Pretty creative to called themselves secret and not have signs or direction to this place.\n\nI was not impressed by the pizza at all.  It wasn't bad, just average.
Great food & service. Half & half soup sandwich option is a great way to go. Outside tables are a good option on a nice day as well. Something for everyone.
A Valley Treasure!! Make sure to bring visitors here, especially if you have friends who visit from overseas. Beautiful layout and architectural compliments. Go in the early morning when the desert is waking up for an inspiring day...
Great place for dessert!  However, be prepared to wait... the lineups can be pretty long. The dessert is fabulous! I tried the Chocolate Praline Bombe... it was heavenly!  They serve savoury items too for those that don't have a sweet tooth.
Overbooks on Groupon deal and under allows the reservations. Impossible to get a reservation there if you have paid for a deal. You can call and reserve a place or show up and there is room, but if you have a paid voucher you're out of luck. all of a sudden they are full. \n\nScam.
We felt the atmosphere and service were great but the food was very average. We won't go back. There are much better restaurants in Vegas for the same price.
Delicious place for a casual breakfast.  The French crepes are amazing and they have a nice selection of organic tea!  Definitely check out this place if you are in this part of town!
a great place those titanic fan should not miss! u will get a boarding ticket with real passenger name on it and at the end u can find whether 'u' survive or not. lots of fan. but kind of sad ;(
It's Mcdonald's so there's not much to say about the food as you know what you're getting but the drive thru stinks. I've had to pull around and wait 3 out of 4 visits now.
This was my first time in this restaurant and I have to say that I was amazed at both the service and food. I would recommend this to anyone in Phoenix heading downtown.\n\nWe will be back for sure!
Went for dinner.  Had the protein bowl.  It was 10 dollars for a small salad. It was good but should have been more. Needed more veggies.
The food isn't great but it is a Buffet!!  If your staying at the MGM and don't want to travel all over the strip then it's cool to drop in here but by no means would you travel from another hotel to come here
This is the metro rail stop for those interested in visiting the roosevelt arts district. I've walked the stretch from here to the hi metcalf hostel when i've been in town. The place has new art galleries popping up and what look like small nightclub venues. Also quite a few wall murals dot the buildings on this stretch
Great Thai food at a great price - I love to bring friends here. They've recently tripled the size of their dining room so the growing popularity doesn't really affect your ability to get a table.
Cheap lunch specials. Thai fried rice was good.
Customer service is slow and lacking. I can't recommend anyone staying here. Pay a little more and get a place where people actually care.
Not a Sweet Tomatoes that's for sure. The selections are scarce and when you are use to all they have to offer at the Sweet Tomatoes, you are definitely disappointed when you see what they have to offer at this Souper Salad. In a pinch it would work, but you can definitely find something else better.
If you like bland food with not even a hint of spice this is the place for you! Worst excuse for a breakfast burrito ever! The pan cakes everyone are raving about taste like a sugary disaster tailored to the palate of a six year old. Do your self a favor and go to Denny's!
Poor selection of cigars at a high price, the humidity was a bit high in the walk in humidor which caused the cigar not to properly burn. Staff didn't know how to cut the cigar. Drinks were ehhh. One good thing about this place is the chairs are comfortable if that means anything.
Just awful experience. Horrible food, and that manager guy Tony is not very nice. I miss the old owner. Cant believe they dont take online reservations anymore. I will not return.
Amazing service, friendly staff and good prices what else can a girl ask for  Sammy which is the owner was so quick and very detailed with her nail work the staff there is sweet and welcoming ITS A PLUS for me i recommend it for sure
Junk shop. Rarely find anything.
Horrible customer service, all my fluids were LOW after full service oil change including my oil!! Refused to take any coupons or discounts. I will never go here again, to avoid a hassle please don't go to this Terrible's location for oil changes!!
I've eaten here twice and had sandwiches both times.  The Philly Cheese Steak is really good here.  Had a house salad with it to share and it was large and fresh. Overall a good experience and will go again.
Great location for someone new to the city. Your right in the middle of it all! Within walking distance of Charlotte's great bars & restaurants. The staff was very accommodating.
This one's easy--best brisket sandwich outside of New York.
My daughter found this place and even though it is far from where I live I would come here over and over again. The moist brisket is the best I've had since New York City. You order at the counter and then you sit on huge picnic tables inside and outside it's fast it's delicious and I highly recommend this restaurant.
Sort of like a chain restaurant that's not a chain restaurant that is a chain restaurant. As a member of the Food Fight mega local restaurant conglomerate you can count on inconsistency and quality ranging from mediocre to fairly decent.
Good atmosphere. Decent beer selection. Good menu.
The home is a Taco Bell I'm in Angott shit on the doubletalk over here because the other good prices and a good before with better than them thank you Dunkagle you guys rock
This is the only place that gets my coffee right every time
Not bad. Staff was nice. Had a chicken quesadilla from the hotel restaurant, and there was only 5 minutes until closing at 11:00. The gal was cool, and very accommodating. I appreciate that.
Now that I have a better look at my eye brows, she went a little crazy on the right brow verses the left. I'm just going to stick to my spot in Tempe....
Don't understand why this place would get unfavorable reviews, as my clothes are always cleaned immaculately & lady at the counter is always so nice. Very organized place, unlike other Cleaners I've gone to. \n\nI recommend this place. Your clothes get cleaned in 24 hours. And the prices are reasonable.
Machines are very old - many out-of-order. Premises not very clean.  A tacky place.  Will not go there again.
I can't believe my favorite restaurant closed. =(\n\nSome of the best dining experiences ever were at Fleur de Lys. Loved Hubert Keller's intagrated Spanish-French-American fusion.\n\nRIP, braised short ribs on a bed on polenta.
Awesome downtown gem. Just had a fantastic lunch with great service. Can't wait to come back for breakfast, they look amazing. And remember it's never too early for a Crabbie's ginger beer!
We love this place. The general manager is the nicest man. Pizza is fantastic. I also love the Caprese salad. Everything is made to order and very fresh.
I was here for about 20 min... but at least it wasn't a bad 20 min?
I havent been here in years... nice place to chill for a while and not loose money in the casino (yikes!)\nI think its kinda small but def. fun!
Wonderful menu of different choices of food right here in the little town of Gilbert. Liberty Market gets crowed early but it's so worth the wait. We ate on the patio tonight surround by beautiful suculant plants.  Huge portions and a very attentive staff.  I can't wait to try Liberty Market for breakfast.
I came here for brunch and remember the pricing being fairly inexpensive compared to other buffets. However, I felt the food was mediocre and probably wouldn't come again. \n\nExpect a very long line.
Food was decent (blackened fish sandwhich) but like the other reviewers, service is EXTREMELY slow. It was even difficult to order drinks... They are sorely understaffed. Happy hour prices are decent but I wouldn't come back due to the service.
All dishes were very tasty and well presented.\nA bit overpriced, but considering the stellar service, quality of ingredients and wonderful ambiance, not bad.\nDefinitely try the wagyu gyozas.
The staff is impeccable always hustling always keeping your glasses filled. Having gone to several Fogo de Chao's in other cities this one was among the best. Meats were flavorful and properly cooked, never had to wait more than a few minutes to get my personal favorites
This was a nice Target off the strip. We needed some water and essentials. Went here and the trip was successful
Very very Long wait to check in. Parking somewhat inconvenient and dirty. Plenty of places to eat on the bottom floor.
I live just down Commonwealth and absolutely going to Common Market to get one of there deli sandwiches!  The Californian is my favorite.  They have a great wine and beer selection as well and have wine tastings and other events throughout the week!  Check 'em out!
nice and clean. pleasing n quiet
Food was very bad.
Sunday Brunch was really nice.  Not over the top, but well worth the $13.  Will go again.
Probably the worst food I have ever eaten ,I enquired at the end of my meal how this place ever got a food license ??
The food was pretty good. The service was pretty good. The problem was that it didn't really fit the Bellagio feel, it was like a straight up diner (not a cafe) in a fancy hotel.\n\nExpect a diner, not a cafe.
I've stayed at the Vegas Bally's twice now- and I have to say I was pleased both times.\n\nWe received a free upgrade this past time- and the rooms were a bit nicer.\n\nThe hotel is clean and the location is central.\n\nNo complaints.
Newer location. Which means everything is clean!! Go fast... I take that back.. Run! Run now! Haha! Great prices. Great service. Next to CVS, nothing else next to them yet.
Because it was an expensive meal, our group of 6 expected a finer dining experience.  The osso buco was very good.  The shrimp scampi with pasta lacked flavor.  Lasagna, lobster and chicken picante were all right but not fantastic.  Great service and atmosphere.  Wish the food had been better.
The food is like Denny's. Lets get that out of the way first. Nothing new is going to hit your palette. The atmosphere and people watching are divine. A Vegas landmark well worth the hike or deuce ride if your reading this a 2:00 a.m.  Busy and fun.
sure, the Sirens of Treasure Island sexy pirate show is cheesy, but it is entertaining and free.
Fantastic beer bar near ASU. If Alex or Justin 'I don't rep him' are working, you're in luck. Great beer/food recommendations there and nearby. A new must stop when I'm in town.
This is an okay burger place. It's a bit pricey. The fries are okay. Not much else to say.
Sometimes you find yourself at a strip club...\nThis place is unique because you have ladies downstairs & gentlemen upstairs. It's pretty funny that sometimes you can hear the ladies screaming from downstairs...\nI will leave the rest to your imagination...
Let's just some it up as disgustingly dirty. Nasty all the way around. That explains why they are now out of business.
Went for lunch and service is good and sushi rolls very good. Try the heart attack app...very yummy.
My favorite Asian place in area.  If you haven't had Cambodian don't let it scare you, its just like Vietnamese. Family run place, I see us frequenting this place for years to come.  Get the Basil Seed drink, its good and you probably havent had anything like it before.
The food here is much to do about nothing in my opinion but based on the length of time they've been in this location someone is enjoying the food.  They serve sub par cheesesteaks, however the funnel cake fries are superb......the only reason I ever visit.
First time here and we'll return.  \n\nFresh food, good prices and you can bring your dog and sit outside.  I loved the selection of meats and toppings.  My husband had 2 chicken tacos and I had a chicken enchilada.  All very tasty.
I was really impressed with how Johnson Roofing performed the services.  They made a first analysis and gave me plenty of options to fit in our price range and budget.  I felt that they were very fair, while providing an excellent repair service.  I would recommend Johnson Roofing to my friends above all else.
Loved their red velvet pancakes!
Came at 1230p. Wasn't too crazy. \n\nTried the prosciutto salad and Brie panini. Amazing. 5 star. On par with sf and NYC. Owner is very nice. \n\nGood food. good prices.
Sat for 20 minutes and never got served. Crabby Don's should be Crappy Don's. Left for Mexican restaurant across the street.
Your cage wait time is the reason I won't mess with you! NO MORE' u guys are progressively getting worse.
Basic Mexican food. Average. Not impressive at all the corn tortillas were rubbery in the enchiladas. Hot salsa had a. weird unpleasant taste to it. Rice was ok and the beans were good. I do agree the rellenos are very good.
Pretty much meh.  It wasn't terrible, but nothing worth making a special trip for.  I tried the al pastor and lengua tacos.  The pastor was a little dry and lacked the usual sweetness.  The lengua was tender, but didn't have enough seasoning or something... just kind of bland.
My steak was like rubber. It was full of tough gristle. I will never return.\n\nThe waitress was very friendly and attentive. Unfortunately that does not make for terrible food.
The food came out late extremely. I waited for my margarita that never showed up until I just cancelled it. The waiter seemed preoccupied and two waitresses started yelling at each other.The waiter still hasnt come back around to check on us!!! Never again. The shrimp tacos were actually good
Big disappointment.  I was expecting quality food.  The food was average.  Variety is not.  Service was bad.  Even the dessert did not taste good for us.  Price was very expensive.  I would have rather gone to Golden Corral (a bit exaggerated but given difference in prices, I would).
Great atmosphere, very good food, great service...get the creamed corn side dish!!!
I give this place a three due to the bad service. But I really love the food. I had the tootie fruity and it never disappoints me.
This is the best drunk food drunk money can buy. Very self explanatory, if not just order a greasy burger and enjoy. Never has any issues with this place at all, always friendly and correct. :)
A decent hotel. Nothing outstanding. The pillows are pretty horrible. The view was nice.
My friend decided to go here without me cause she couldn't take it anymore lol. I was looking for her at XS and she said she was here at the cafe. Its across from the Stratta and I ate half of her sandwich. It was ok, but fast and easy. ;)
I thought the food here was very good. We stuck to the vegetarian dishes, I was pleased to see a mushroom dish which was fantastic.  The naan was good, the samosas were excellent. I would definitely go back here again.
I really like this place. Not just restaurant they also sell food to cook at home. I tried thr Buffe really nice. My fav: ravioli with penout sauce,the soya brochette,General Tao chicken, steak with pineapple sauce... Almost everything.  Highly recommended. Certainly I will be back
Great service.. Melinda was great... Excellent service.  She went out of her way and bought us the certificate the next day..
I really enjoyed eating here.  I was surprised at the food and service.  I will co0me back again if I am in the area.
Top of the line sushi and service. They are just way too overpriced even for the Cosmo. I don't mind paying for quality but this was just silly. If you have money to burn though it is perfectly portioned and very high quality.
How cool that it's 'no problem' to go off the menu!!  I ordered a quesadilla and asked if they could put steak tenderloin on there- yum!!
The staff were great.  Food was good.  They slightly overcooked my scallops, but all the appetizer was great.  They even had one of my favorite and exclusive wines.
My fiance and I love going to Planet Fitness. She has a membership that allows a guest, and I go as the guest. Unlike most gyms, you can go in as a guest without having to hear the sales pitch. They've got TVs up so you can watch while you work out.
Food is good love the wings
I was craving them today!!Yummy chicken fingers and fries!!i love either getting the box combo or the sandwich combo! There lemonade is really good as well,it just costs extra :(
Del Taco...just amazing!  To get 39 cent tacos anytime I want makes me feel a significant inner joy which is hard to put into words.  I would give it five stars if it wasn't for the irritation it will likely cause my bowels later.
This is one of the best places to eat... Bar food ... Great French onion soup.. The best ever try it....perogies again great ...,wings ok ...
It's a landmark. One of the originals of sin city. Otherwise there are many places better. But, cool to see.
From all the hype I heard about this place, it didn't really like up to my expectations.  Though I did only order the lunch special so I guess I couldn't expect much.  What I had was a pretty good burger, but nothing to rave about.  Service was great and timely, but other than that it seemed pretty average
I heard everyone rave about BMG so I was really excited to go. Only it was very diapointing, I don't pay to see people eat and  then in a form throw it up. The sense with the machinary were my favorite. Even though I did expect to see more of the bluemen performing.
The food was really good, but the service was bad. The waitress was hard to find and they were far from busy. It also took like 5 minutes just to get a soda & the same amount of time for water.
This was an ultimate eating experience! It would definitely be very hard to top this! I don't know if I'll ever have a better dining experience than this.
Super fun place to hang out and have dinner, I've always liked the food.  Definitely get the egg on your burger.  Definitely.
These guys are awesome, I had a short notice job and they did everything to squeeze in a convenient time for me. They were helpful and had a good attitude even though the job was a tough 3 story one. I highly recommend these guys. The prices aren't bad either!
I enjoyed my time seeing the backstreet boysssssssssssssss here on 9/5/13 AND meeting them!!!! woo!!!
Great food, great people. I got the burger, which was very good, and my wife got the chicken gyro wrap, she liked hers too. Place was packed, always a good sign, the food is superb.
Outstanding. Didn't try the off-the-bone ham but it looked great. Good bacon, great fresh eggs.
Food is great but the staff needs to be as good as the food and speak English!\n So this the  only place where their meat is well done, it  seems the other joints that are similar to this place,  the steak is not as well done. So if you like well done meat it's good. Beware of staff
Loved the atmosphere... Off from the strip which was a nice change of pace. We don't drink wine so felt the wine that was included in your meal was a waste, but had a great experience! The service was also great!
What are the hours on Saturday's?
Nice comfortable hotel, connected to Bally's.  Has the famous \"le Village\" buffet here.
Came here before a show and it was worth it as usual. Great sushi and delicious desserts. The bread pudding and tempura rolls are highly recommended.
We loved our breakfast here. So fresh and flavorful! Coffee was excellent and that's coming from a NY coffee snob.
I've never been but the line looks huge. Five stars! Also once I saw someone get knocked outside five stars
Salad bar is awesome with everything you could possibly want.  The top sirloin was my favorite but everything was wonderful.  The chocolate moose cake was to die for!!!  Good service and atmosphere... Maybe just a tad on the pricy side.
This is the best location, they have friendly service and it can be jammed here at times. But the service and the food is a must.  Gotta check this place out. I love their coke machine you can miz flavors and we're in love with half strawberry and vanilla it's kind of like a jolly rancher.
Come on now, advertised as all you can eat, then they hit you up for $6 for dessert. What a rip.  The meat was overcooked, and the salad bar wasn't as good as they advertised. Total disappointment.  Service was excellent.
Chicken was ok the the person at the counter not very friendly\n\n.
Best place ever! The product is amazing and the is friendly, knowledgable, and made me feel welcome.
The food was blah!  The service was okay.  Pricey for lunch.
The food was awesome and service was super fast. Marianne was our waitress and she was very friendly and efficient! I recommend this place for lunch or breakfast!!! :)  very delicious bloody Mary's and mimosas as well!
It wasn't terrible but the quality for the price was unreasonable. Husband had macadamia but crusted halibut with orange ginger sauce. He said it was very orangey and overall bland. I had the kings combo platter. The fish was excellent. The scallops and shrimp were not bad.
Great pizza joint! Cashier was extremely helpful and knowledgeable about the menu. The atmosphere is pretty 'Northern pizzeria.' Pizza has both visual and taste appeal.
Haha I have been coming here for 10+years... It has never changed, and thats a good thing,
I've been going to see Sarah for some time and she has always provided excellent service. She has done everything from cut and color to Brazilian blowout. I definitely recommend her to anyone looking for great salon service!
Full bar, live band, and a dance floor.  Right off the casino floor at the Palazzo. A great place to unwind. Not quiet at all, but a fun spot.\n \nOverall 4 out of 5 stars.
If you wear pleated, khaki Dockers, an off-brand Polo shirt and cheap shoes you'll fit in with the \"guys who are in sales\" crew that rocks out at the VooDoo.
Pretty good, kinda like a taco truck restaurant without the great grub.  If I go back I'd get the tacos and leave it at that.
Really good tasting food.   Very unique. .. first time a Korean with Hawaiian and Chinese combo.  Had the cold noodle and kalbi ... made well. .. authentic.   Will go back again.
At best this is mediocre food, the hot sauces were not, the chili rellano was a rice filled burrito with one strip of chile and no rellano. Don't go here.
Came here for lunch with the fam. Blah.
Salad had dish soap in it opening weekend. Give them a few months to work out the kinks.
The pizza here is top shelf. My brother actually slings the pies at LGO on the weekends, so I'm a little biased. If you're feeling adventurous, ask him to throw an egg or two on your pizza. It takes a little longer, but it adds an awesome little extra protein fix.
Why is it that no matter what time you come in it is always at least a 20 min wait? They need to hire more people.
Great fast service. And the red curry with tofu was delectable.
Decent pizza place for Vegas, I enjoyed...
Waffle sandwiches...Yes YEs Y E S
love this place, didn't like fried oysters until, i came to this place. the catfish is almost as good as mario's.
Good service, we were asked at least half a dozen times if we needed help. Though they didn't have what we needed. \n\nIt's a decent sized store, some areas a little messier than other. Was looking at the laptop cases area and all the brands were mixed up and in disarray.
Fantastic old school steakhouse.  Service is fantastic, food is flavorful and cooked to perfection.  You can't go wrong with this restaurant selection.
1st time here.  Both ordered Monte Christo sandwiches.  You know its not good when the food comes out in less than 10 minutes.  Soggy sandwich.  Cold potatoes.  Ice tea and coffee just plain bad.  Won't get a second chance... plus side-waitress very nice.
Fun and noisy atmosphere. Great margaritas. They offer a few vegetarian dishes which I really appreciate including veggie tacos. The guac was good.
What happened to this place?\nMy husband I just went to lunch and it took forever to get our food. There were only a few people in there and we couldn't even get our beer within 10min.\nThe brisket is still fantastic but we won't be back due to TERRIBLE service.
Open kitchen, organic and local food, amazing drinks (I recommend \"spontaneous happiness\") & friendly staff. Sold!
Nice facilities and landscaping. Enjoyed the history notes. Lots of playground stuff for kids.
over-priced, weak coffee, boring/awkward staff.
A very cool boutique in Outremont, but the ultra high regular prices have been keeping me away. During sale season, this is a great place to check out, $400 shirts for $90!!
Love the location and the hotel. One star taken off because they can kick rocks with their room keys. I have 4 degrees but my boss had to get me in the room 2 times because the damn keys are hard to use.  Get a damn key slot Marriott. #yesimpissedrightnow
Great little place for Bagels. The secret item is the Chorizo Burrito. They use a delicious chorizo. Nice staff as well.
I found Mia through 2 referrals from friends. She is a perfectionist on my eyebrows and makes me look great. I referred her my husband, mom, friend, and grandma. She is always on time also! She is great!
We got a nice variety of chocolates from here.  The vanilla creme was outstanding.  If you are looking for some higher quality chocolates, then I would definitely check this place out.
I don't like waiting. My appointment was at 6.  and I waited 30 min. When she did come out she was in conversation with another client and made me wait longer. I ended up leaving and she didn't even apologize. Don't know where all the good reviews are coming from!!!
I was in Montreal on business and was told not to miss this place.  Well, I have to agree.  I ordered the smoked sandwich and a cherry coke and I was not disappointed.  Make sure you have cash, they don't accept credit or debit cards.
This is one of my favorite places to get Pho. It's made well here. Good flavor, not too oily. The egg rolls are delicious.
Awesome prices. Delivery included setup so that was a plus since we got an entire bedroom set. Would shop here again.
yummmm i had the best lamb there mmmm the service was fantastically seamless.
This is another fun free hotel show on the strip, like the nearby Sirens of TI and fountains at Bellagio. The volcano erupts, shooting flames in the air and \"lava\" erupts and flows down the mountain to drum beats.
This location's emerald club aisle always has very limited car selection. I came here 3x and never really got a nice car. Last time I was here, there were only 4 Chrysler 200 to choose from.
Quick place to grab a bite! Decent food!
Best drugs in town!
Sweet Republic Ice Cream  - We love the flavors - Rosemary Chocolate, Pear Ginger, Brownie Swirl and too many to list!  Bring us back to Sweet Republic Artisan Ice Cream time and time again for intense, interesting and delicious home made ice cream, forever!  B&B Scottsdale
Seedy bar.. Music nightly. Beer list great. But they need better liquor to bring in the gash.  Premium blend liquor doesn't cut it.
The buffet is big and has a lot of choices. The problem is that literally everything on the buffet was bland. It was like eating the box from a leftover pizza. It was a bit expensive for not much flavor at all.\nThere's not much else that I can say about it.
Don't shop here, we purchased Chobani yogurt and tried to return it because it had a different taste, we were told all yogurt taste like that. When the recall came out I again called Fry's customer service and they told me that the problem was with the manufacturer and not them.
I love everything about this place I never leave unhappy..  Elaine & Grace are amazing. ..
I could spend days at this buffet! So many options and all the food is so tasty. The crab legs, wontons, tacos, and dessert were my favorites. This is a definite must do when you are in Vegas if you want to try a great buffet.
I love it I didn't like shrimp before and now at boiling crab it changed. I love the shrimp the favor is so good I can have a bucket of it. The chicken wings are delicious! And the fries and rice is so good! I love the Boiling Crab
I have mixed feelings about Marquee. Really great sound system and it is relatively clean. Every time I have gone to the bathroom, there were people doing drugs, which I am not a fan of. The place is spacious though and I don't hesitate to go if we have a show to see there
Impressive.  Sat in front row and although normally skeptic I can't explain how he does it. Very interesting person. Not your usual magic.
I'll second what Veeder V. said. What a waste of that space. The food and environment on Monroe are so much better. Blindly ignoring the decor (hard to do) and the food tasted like the cook hadn't slept in a few days since he had been fired from his last gig at Sizzlers.
One of the nicest thrift stores I've ever been to. Well organized with quality items. The staff seem friendly as well.
Had lunch at Lafitte's and ordered a shrimp poboy sandwich. This was the worst poboy i have ever eaten, super dry with little to no taste. The restaurant was dead with only 1 other table and slow wait staff (1 server). I was hoping for a gem, but this was not.
Good food, good drinks. Music was a bit too loud on the patio, and the front of the house didn't seem entirely prepared for us to sit on the upper patio. Would definitely recommend.
Great place for sushi to-go but the place never seems to prepare enough.  Either hire more chefs or make more sushi!
Standing here experiencing horrible customer service. I usually use them to do all my printing in mass and have had awesome success at other locations. This location however is slow, unapologetic, and took over 30 minutes for a small and simple job. Not coming back to this location again. Learned my lesson!!
Spicy and smoky meals serve quickly and with great service. Fun and exciting vibe I watch the game. I wouldn't look for low cal items here, but I plan to indulge in a brewery item next visit!
best vegas pool party!  \nthe cabanas had a $5000 minimum (alcohol and food.)
More sizzle than substance.  Meals were 'heavy'.\nMiss:- The Braised Bison Ribs -recommend a pass\nWin:- The gnocchi - too much oil\nService:- Still learning\nCleanliness:- Good
Nice sports bar. TVs all over showing many different games. Food is just OK. Wouldn't come back here for a meal.
Great soft opening! Service was excellent. Thank you Terry. Beer and pizza also great. Looking forward to  all the beers.  Met Steve the owner and I'm super excited about all the possibilities!
No more all you can eat. Too expensive for the quality of meat they serve. Beef brisket super tough to chew. Moving on to next spot.
Some of the most friendly and knowledgable service I've had in a while! The food was all delicious. Rich and on the salty side but interesting and unique!
Everything here is good.  One of my favorite restaurants.  My favorite is one of two things just depends on how I feel that day and that would be the chicken lavosh shwarma or the chipotle chicken pizza.
Delicious and tastes like the food in Thailand. Definitely to return for mieng kum!
I wouldn't go to this one ever again! \nI understand I have a high power but the glasses which they gave were so thick especially at the edges, they were literally blocking my side vision. \n\nI will never recommend this to anyone!
Evocative of a sidewalk cafe in gay Paree, but with that Vegas vibe. Wandered in for a late breakfast. Was able to watch the Bellagio fountain show as well as the strip denizens slipping on by. Food was above average. Wait staff attentive. I'd go back to this place.
The food is not cheap and is not very good. The place isn't very clean.  \n\nIt's been open for a long time. If you want to pay for nostalgia rather than quality, this is great.
Okay so this isn't one of the top night clubs in all of Vegas but it is pretty fun. I'd say the music was pretty good and got better though out the night. This place is so small!  I wouldn't mind coming here again but I'll definitely try some different places.
pathetic eclair. shame to be in a french hotel
OK, this review is on the mac and cheese only, because that's all I ate. Yep, big enough for the main course. I had it with the apple sausage mixed. Loved it.
Another disappointing dining experience in Vegas. Food was average, think Applebee's. Except 3x the price. I expect something a cut above at a premium priced Las Vegas strip restaurant. Don't eat here.
I came here for lunch and had the okra dish with chicken. There was something really odd about it - like they used dirty oil or a dirty pan for the stir-fry. I was quite disappointed. The bathroom was also a bit dirty. I think for great Malaysian food in the US you have to go to the DC area or California.
I absolutely love this hotel! I haven't stayed here yet, but as for the casino, bars, and nightclubs, I LOVE it! Marquee is my new favorite club and the chandelier bar is absolutely gorgeous!! This hotel is a girl's dream! Glamorous and beautiful chandeliers everywhere!
They had lots of selections so I really didn't have to try everything. I liked most of the dishes I tried.
Can you say Chilaquiles? Dont worry, you dont need to. Just point to the menu and order it. Thank me later! Best god damn breakfast I've had in years. Well done, over easy. Well done!
The Outpost is the place! Cheap drinks and great bartender! Dana always knows our drink order when we show up and always on his game when it comes to refills. Definitely the place to get out for a quick drink or a night out!
Great decor, nicely renovated with an industrial touch. Pizzas were good for the price, but why only the French menu ? I'm perfectly bilingual but ur in the middle of old montreal, pretty touristic area, kinda cutting your business don't you think ?
Great staff to work with.  Always answers to my questions. I never give them much notice and need stuff fast, and they always amaze me with their solutions.\nTry them out.  You will be happy too.
Chocolate delicacy would best describe this place. Im a huge fan of chocolate and this place has lots of varieties and selections. Oh temptations!
A hole in the wall next to the Daily Dose. Very small yet I love the people here and very tasty crepes!\n\nNot your average upscale dining however it is a very homey place. Prices are a little high but then again, its Old Town Scottsdale, what can you expect?
Impossible to contact during lunch hour even though they are still taking appointments and seeing patients. They need a backup to answer urgent phone calls. So frustrating, I'm going to change to another office, life's too short to deal with things like this.
Good service.  Great rich food. What else should I ask for. I ordered pulled smoke pork was great. It cone with two sides I got green beans and saute mushrooms, the sides where done gray from fresh veggies. Will go again.
Stopped in the store @ the Bellagio to look for a wallet. The salesman was very helpful and I was able to select one pretty easily. Love this store!
This steakhouse really shows its age, in a sad way. Food and service are overrated. Tourists may still go there, along with people who equate dull with reassuring.\n\nDo avoid, unless you're invited or dating the wrong person.
Hitting a casino or six is just part of the Spring Training ritual for my dad and I. We've been to casino's all over the Phoenix area, but this is the only one that I'd recommend. Great facility, friendly dealers, and lots of variety in the slots side of the house.
Like other reviewers said the owner is very nice. We decided to try this since we read all the positive reviews on yelp. \n\nWe did not like the the food being cold. (Chicken, potato) Did not feel like fresh just cooked food.  We went in around 2pm.
This is my first Korean spa experience, and I loved it. My favorites are the red clay ball room, the red clay dome room, and the ice room. This is a great experience if you just want to go somewhere away from the strip and relax. I will definitely visit again the next time I am in Vegas. Highly recommend.
We were looking for cheap but not at the expense of our safety! Where was security both nights we wanted to return to our rooms without a weirdo waiting for entrance to the elevator with us.. also the carpet was horribly stained and the bathtub flooded above the ankles during a shower. NO THANKS!
It was good and tasted fresh, tiny place that doesn't care about looks but cares deeply about making some good ass custard. I had some concoction of strawberries and salted pecans and it was damn good with butter pecan custard was very tasty. its a must stop if you are in the area.
SWA usually has great service, but the proprietary machine oriented culture of Vegas has rubbed off a bit at this airport.  And while the flights and inboard service is typically great, the airport service has some local coolness.
The mango habanero wings are freakin awesome. Not impressed with the fries at all. \n\nThe staff are very friendly...
Amazing outdoor seating area perfect for soaking up some vitamin D.
Quickest quick care ever.  Dr Kyle was very nice.  The place was very clean and not busy at all.
Staff is friendly. Food is good not great. I still like going here a couple times a week. The margherita's have NO alcohol, won't be ordering those anymore.
Still waiting to be contacted by my third case manager. I was told a new attorney was taking over the case and my new case manager would update me. It's been two weeks since that was told to me. I guess I will just keep waiting.
Been here twice and both times, I walked away thinking this is the best sandwich I've ever had. The staff is friendly and the subs are excellent. Plenty of variety and spice so I got the tailor made masterpiece I wanted..
great for late night open 24/7, I am in!
good lunch buffet and wide selection of food to choose from. Dessert selection is
I cant say no to anything here! Pizza, pasta, subs, wings, you name it! haven't said no to one menu item here! the family is very nice as well! they treat you like family as well down there! Best italian deli/pizzeria in town!
Everyone's food, I had fish and chips, was cold and soggy. But the service was really good and they have great happy hour deals.
I love this restaurant. It is a great place to go and i have always had a great time here. The food is excellent.  The service is very good. Lots of parking and the history is great as well. I will always go back here.  The Roman bread is Delish!!
Went a few days ago. Medium Whole Shabang was SPICAY!!! Thanks for kicking it up a notch. \n\nBIB ME!!! \n\nThey still don't have a liquor license, but you can B.Y.O.B. if you have the receipt.
What a joke!! Numerous TV's but couldn't get the Seahawks on when 1/4 of the place had Seahawk jerseys on!!
Great service and great food.  Love the combo plate.
nice view, good service
Extremely delicious food, very friendly employees and amazing ambiance there. It feels like you are in a great barbeque fest! I absolutely recommend pork and ribs with mashed potatoes with green onions and bacon.
We had pepperoni pizza and wings last night, it was awesome!
Your typical Walgreens experience.
Was here for a party and everything was excellent. Beef tenderloin that melts in your mouth and a divine Cabernet.
Better than any strip joint in Hawaii. \n\nThe girls are 10x more beautiful! and about 300 of them are available on the weekends. They smell nice and do lap dances!
How fresh can noodles be?  They make it fresh by hand right in front of you.   The stir fried noodle with XO sauce is to die for.
Terrible manager with terrible service and client interaction!
jewish sliders and all the breakfast are great
Warm friendly family owned restaurant. Food is very fresh and good. I would definitely go back and eat. Very authentic. Yummy!!
An amazing fish store. Wide variety of fish, coral, tanks, rocks & just about everything else related to fish. Clean store. Incredibly knowledgeable staff. Come in at any time and any of the staff can answer your questions.
We chose to go to Red Lobster because we wanted lobster. I guess we should be a bit pickier next time. I ordered rock and Maine lobster tails. While the maine lobster was delicious, the rock lobster was tough and veiny. The service was excellent though.
Grate food. Ok service.
Ok so I don't want to be the party pooper but truthfully food isn't great and prob won't order again :/ at least from the delivery
The Inebriator stout. Epic!\n$3.00 at happy hour... Awesome!
I've always liked mexican food but when i tried my first chipotle bowl, it absolutely blew me away. I love mexican food for sure. & with jalapeno sauce it is even better. This is definitely a place i can always stop by to grab a quick bite at.
Horrible, bad don't eat here. Staff doesn't care about service or quality of food
This place is BUSY! \n\nHonestly the Gyros are really great here!\n\n\nIf you are looking for a quick lunch. Definitely try this place.
The good - The meal was good, the service was pretty fast.\nThe bad - most of the empty tables were dirty or were never cleaned well after the previous customers had left. And the apple that came as a side with one of the orders had seen better days.
Buffalo Wild Wings always great!!
Wonderful Food
Stood for a minute while the baristas were chatting.  Drink was made quickly, but when you give a customer a ratty straw, don't roll your eyes.
I have never been here but A for Alexandra should know if she is a licensed professional that not all massages are the same. I'm an LMT and a foot massage isn't ALWAYS performed in a swedish massage.  In fact, I usually NEVER work on someone's feet unless they specifically as for it.
Great foot spa place in Vegas. The guy that did my massage was very very good. The price was only $20 for the whole hour, which makes it more affordable to come more often. Also, they were able to accommodate my last minute reservation.
Great food and experience! Such nice people and service was great! Small and friendly Lil place good for a date or even a family. The pork belly was delicious and the soups are very unique. To top it off, mango shaved ice!!!
The ribs were over cooked and dried out, and the sweet potatoes and mac & cheese were bland. But worst of all, the place simply wasn't clean. We did like the sweet tea and baked beans, and the servers were friendly enough, but that doesn't make up for the dirty floors and soiled table clothes.
The service and cleanliness of this theater has been on a downward projectory for sometime and tonight it may have hit rock bottom.  Surly, rude ticket sellers combined with a theater kept too warm, and more popcorn on the floor than in the snack bar, all in all, not pleasant.  Someone needs to hose that place down!
Wanted to love it, but it was just OK.  Maybe my slices were overcooked.  Will give it one more try.
Cool little local place. Ate healthly and not that happy about it. Not because it wasn't good, the ahi tuna salad was delicious. When fried chicken, burgers, sweet potato fries and a bunch more are on the menu, I want the bad stuff. Looking forward to coming back.
Place has a smell to it that is not pleasant. Food was delivered fast, however the eggs were tasteless. Service was good.
Great deli food and fresh choices for the whole family. Great news, kids eat free on Wednesdays after 4!
They have 164 reviews & they have all 5 stars. They're obviously doing something right!\n\nI absolutely love getting my eyebrows threaded here. Everyone is always so nice especially the owner. She actually cares about her customers & is really good at what she does.\n\nI definitely recommend this place.
These guys are the best!! Since I first moved to Arizona these guys have been taken care of me. Amazing customer service every time. Now that I live in north PHX I still take the trip down to see them. They are honest, fair priced, and very caring.
Used my $20 coupon, good steakhouse.
That's cool. Had a wonderful experience in Mirage! Nice beds... Nice people!
This place has very good drinks. Their menu consists of tropical and fruity drinks, majority of them have rum or a fruity liqueur.
Excellent and fresh sushi, great service and free wifi.
This store is great. We stopped in because I have a friend who is obsessed with pandas and panda things. The clerk was knowledgeable about his products and showed us items we would be interested in. I like that they carry local artists products as well as the fun little toys that I had no idea what you would do with them.
Very disappointing. Only thing that saves this place is the service. Overpriced food that isn't really that good
I don't think they are the best sub shop but certainly the fastest. Food is good.
They have self-checkout which makes it convenient if you're stopping by the store to buy few items only instead of waiting in line.
I had a terrible experience there. Me and my wife went there just to eat a regular plate of sushi but the price was about the same as a all you can eat at that restaurant. Nothing taste that special there from any other sushi buffet places even though the menu looks large. We don't plan to go back again.
Definitely and i mean DEFINITELY NOT authentic mexican food..  I had a burrito it was whatever. I did finish it but only because I was really hungry.
This buffet sucks dick. Selection was very minimal. Meats were pretty bland. I've had better meals at Hometown Buffet. I only liked the desserts. That was the best part.
Tried this place for the first time after seeing on Diners, Drive ins,and Dives . Love the breakfast and the service was superb. Highly recommend! Only wish they had all the breakfasts during the weekdays. First time I went they were not serving the breakfast I had come to try.
The  servers were friendly and all ,  the  chips and salsa were  pretty good  spiced up  just right,  the burger was present well  but  was very dry,  and not really tasty ,  Id probably come back for a beer or something  but won't overly  impressed with the burgers
I called this company a week ago for a simple RO quote and have YET to have a return call.\n\nOur property management company referred them- I would NEVER refer this company to anyone! \n\nIts a wonder how they even get business!!
10.50 a person, clean, polite staff
Not as nice as I hoped. Tight slots, rude service.
Very good food, sometimes can have you waiting for a table for a little too long. Pretty fast service, and lots of healthy smoothie options!
Camerons? How bout Camer-NO. Food is just as good as Taco Bell and the service is worse. Margaritas suck.
As always a good meal!
3 stars for low prices but by far the worst customer service in Las Vegas!!!! I have never been asked if I need any help. If I ask an associate a question I feel as though I have inconvenienced them!
This was my first time playing a live game like this and it's so much fun! Gave me chills along the way and I couldn't wait for the next step in solving the mysteries.  The staff is super kind and friendly.  My friends and I will definitely come back here again.
I went here the other night with a group of people. The pizza was one of the worst I have ever had. I would rather of had frozen pizza or one of the chain restraunts. The service was also not good. Will not be coming back.
Biryani was tasteless  there was no salt at all very greecey . Meat was not cooked u have to improve ur quality
Please please please bring back the old Menu. I dont whats up with this french inspired cuisine going on????? Mimi's was known for good ole comfort food!! Was not happy when we got the menu and will not be going back until the menu changes again....
Kind of an outdated venue but when the ASU team is decent it can be a loud arena with a great college experience.
They have done three birthday cakes for me.  The best buttercream in town.  So moist.  And being able to customize a cake to the individual's likes makes it a super special birthday celebration.  Thanks for making me look like a hero Freeds.
One of the biggest Apple stores, at least width wise.\n\ngood layout, well-organized with the accessories in the back.\n\nGround level of the Fashion Mall.
Drive thru entrance is a little hard to find, it's behind Bank of America.
My date and I both had meals here and it was eh on service and food. I was hoping for it to be better as it's a family owned restaurant but it was not meant to be
I was looking forward to a better show.   I liked the sinking of the invader's ship but everything after that seemed to be too long.  I could be a little bias since two days before I saw \"O\".   But this seemed more like a play with some action.  I've seen better.
I come here often.  Standing in line for more than 15 minutes today.  Food is good but I am really second guessing returning based on the lack of concern and good customer service.
This place was pretty cool back in the day when it first opened. Upon my return, I was highly disappointed. There is literally almost nothing inside that carries an Egyptian theme. Its just so bland and boring. Half the shops were vacant.  Gaming looked unappealing. Did not stay here as a Guest so cannot comment on rooms.
Very unhappy with the experience of having to stand outside forever and then inside... The people inside suck ass as well, very rude inconsiderate and not helpful at all... If you don't like your job find a new one... Seriously...
This place is fab and affordable.\nThe suites are very big and they offer free Wifi!\n\nThe only thing I didn't like about this place is that it's a little far away from all the major hotels/clubs but its really easy to catch a cab so I didnt mind!
Chili Dogs \"All The Way\" here are pretty quintessential \"carolina style\" and not to be missed.  Add slaw for a twist.  The burgers are also perfect.
Always hits the stop after some gambling
Nice attraction, it doesnt feel like an actual pawn shop because its so \"touristy\" Everything is overpriced and they sell mostly shirts and other products for marketing. You don't really get to meet the guys on the show, unless you've got something good, so heads up!
Yea, the curry and naan were good, but way overpriced for the dishes. Service was also slow.
Incredible.  The second we walk in we are seeing midgets dancing and Barney dancing.  There is confetti all over the place.  It was non stop entertainment.  I was supposed to be home at 12:30, but looked at the clock at the time flew to already 2:30 am.  Incredible club.
I was charged over 7.50 for an almond croissant and a SMALL latte, which was nowhere as good as the lattes from Myriad down the street. \n\nSeriously overprice and underflavored, save your taste buds and wallet for something else.
The food is decent but the facility has a smell about it that turns my stomach. Upon looking around the carpet is grossly dirty.
They do not offer free wifi, you have to pay for it! Boooo\nNice restaurants and pool though!
Pricey crab cakes and chili.\nHad to flag someone down to give us a drink.  UMMMM.... isn't this a bar??? \n\nMeh.. not impressed.
I love this place!! They did an amazing job and the whole staff are so friendly..
The one by me has been under \"preview\" since December, its now nearly May... Well when it opens I guess I can try it!  Looks nice but seeing it in use is believing. Parking lot is always filled, so must be decent? Maybe its time to join?
As good as it gets, my favorite Mexican fast food place. They seem to be everywhere and open all the time, so its a solid spot to go to in the middle of the night. The Carne Asada is seasoned and marinated to perfection, and the breakfast burritos are great!
Sarah is amazing here. She always does a great job!! Always friendly people and her skills are top notch.
Chile Relleno plate was pretty good here the beans were good the rice was meh. The chips and 2 diff salsa's were good tasted fresh. It didnt take long and Horchata was good! All in all I will stop here again and try some other dishes since its really close to my new pad!
Love it here, Matt is awesome!!! But CSI on the TV's for 2 hours? Really? Open your eyes managers!!!!!
I think it is highly overrated. Food was watery but the service was good. Washrooms could be a little bit cleaner.
Overly price tiny wings with poor service. Not much else to say.
I would have given this place 3 stars for okay but not great/good food, but given that I got violent food poisoning after eating here and was up from 1:30am-6:30am vomiting every hour or so, I have no choice but to go with 1 star.\n\nAs a dive bar it seemed cool though.
I had fun here while I was in search of an inexpensive brunch before the long drive home. Great variety of dishes. One step up from the hometown buffet/golden corral type buffets.
Dawn is a great trainer!!, calm fun atmosphere. Always willing to go the extra mile to help with your dog and make everyone in the class feel comfortable. I will recommend them to everyone I meet. I will also be taking my dogs back for further training.
I'm a NY-style pizza lover, so this super-sweet sauce freaked me out. \nNothing else about the pizza was good enough to come back. I'm not getting all the hype.
They forgot my drink and they delivered cold food they noticeably stored for a good 7 hours or so. Was not happy.
This food is NOT good. My wife and I have tried it twice and it is sub-standard and overall poor. I am giving it an extra star because the atmosphere is very cool. I would advise walking down the street and going to Diablos!
Love these folks for my termite inspections! They do a GREAT job for my buyers and will coordinate their schedules with my home inspector to do all the inspections at once. If a home is clear of termites Protection termite will warranty that home for a year!\nHighly Recommended!
Tripped over this place. Lovely patio, delightful service.  Happy Hour deals make sampling affordable and delicious.  Wines on happy hour are tasty and affordable.  Tried both Malbecs, each had its own character
Nice little place. Great atmosphere; average service; pretty people. Get the Ahi Poke if you like fish!
LOOOOVE this place!! The sauces are absolutely amazing also. the food is awesome! deffintly coming back!!
Pho is average and the staff are jerks. Avoid this place like the plague and head a few doors to to Pho Bang New York. There's a reason why this place is empty and Pho Bang is full!
My mom and I stopped here for the first time and really enjoyed our meal. We shared orange peel chicken and Korean BBQ chicken which was our favorite.  Both were excellent. We will defiantly go back.
Pleasant service, decent cooking, nothing to be overly upset about, but nothing\nto be excited about either. While the pricing appears reasonable, in light\nof the above, Holder seems somewhat overpriced.
Won't be going back to this place anytime soon.
Waitress was great. Very knowledgeable, never had to ask for refills, or wait for our plates to be cleared.\n\nFood was ok, nothing to write home about.... overpriced.
I have been coming here for over 10 yrs.  I try other places and always come back to Nancy's place.  They are friendly, I like my nails and pedi's.
Purely on the espresso... not good.\n\nI did not have anything else.
The spring roll was the best! Otherwise food was ok.
The food was decent, but the place is not very warm or welcoming.\nThe food is expensive and the waiter was rude.
Ordered their special portobello wrap and there was hardly any Porto in it. Probably not even half of one. It was mostly spinach and the sun dried tomato was so hard I couldn't eat it. Plus it took 25 mins for two items to come out. They lost my service.
Eh, this airport felt a little tired and dirty.  The bathrooms were pretty gross, even though they had attendants.  I think this will be a hub for layovers from my new city and I'm a little bummed about that.  I'm hoping TPTB are planning an upgrade!!
Omg Little kitchen is like totes awesome. You better get ur butt over here and try all these amazing szcheun food. The price is great and the flavor is fantastic. This is an authentic szcheun restaurant. The service is great. Bravo!
This is the worst food ever.  White trash people you now have another gathering spot besides the greyhound bus terminals. Why eat here please tell me.
This is somewhat better. Service more timely. There are still some issues.  Food about the same. I think management recognizes there is a problem and is trying to deal with it. Will see what happens next.  Better than the alternative.
I got there about 6:30pm with my fiance and my son. After 20 minutes of being ignored, I left. On our way out, someone finally came over.
Seafood nachos are great! Great service and prices, will definitely come back
Very disappointed I bout a bunch of stuff today and all was marked decently when I cashed out I dnt even think about how much it was till later they charged me 42 bucks for a book that was makes 24 what the heck
This place is so unprofessional! \nThe girl at the cashier didn't even make eye contact. It's not the customers fault that the employees are unhappy. \nWill not visit this location again!
Great nail salon! Very clean!! That's what I love the most. I have been known to walk about of salons that are way nasty! They always use fresh sterile tools out the bag just for you. The owner is a sweet woman as are her employees. Another hidden treasure.
NOT WORTH IT, and disorganized.
You can sit for hours with your laptop, with a good book, or talking and meeting new friends as you enjoy your coffee or tea and listen to great music.
Atmosphere was perfect and waitstaff cool. Menu delightful but whoever wrote it must have been out of town Sunday night. Nothing matched the description. Worst was the paella which was pretty close to Uncle Bens with some chunks of chicken on top.
awesome burgers.  decent service.  good atmosphere.  it's a dive bar.  just fyi.  with good food.
Don't pay them ahead of time. No pun intended, I paid him $2000 to do a tankless hot water heater and he said he would  be back the next day. It's been five months now and he hasn't even called me back message after message. Not to be trusted.
Caesar's recently underwent a massive renovation to keep up with the times.. and boy are they ever keeping up!\n\nIt's absolutely stunning.. from the Forum shops to the Casino and the restaurants. The rooms are about average for Vegas - nothing THAT great. The beauty really lies on the casino floor.
This place had very bad service, the waitress was terrible slow and inattentive,  the bar tenders also very slow the place was not busy and they would just look past you.
Across from Walgreen's.\n\nAverage as far as Starbucks go. Service wasn't outstanding.\n\n Not much to write about, so I'm done.
Not impressed at all. Great decor but service is average and the food is just average for the most part. The spicy garlic edamame is very flavorful. That was the most impressive dish we had. But not enough to get me to come back.
Be very careful since there seem to be a few aggressive people by the doors outside, asking for your food as you are leaving. The management should be aware this is a major problem when the begger is large and assertive.
La nourriture est excellente, mais malheureusement le restaurant n'est pas tr\u00e8s agr\u00e9able.\n\nMieux vaut commander pour emporter ou faire livrer!
When I reserve a car for 2pm, and they make me wait an hour after I arrive at 3, it doesn't work for me. What is the point of renting a car? I should have taken a bus. This is the third time Dollar has done this to me. Never again.
Aside from taking away all ethnic businesses within a 20 mile radius... me gusta mucho.
Food was great, but the service was horrible! Took the waiter about 30 to 45 minutes to come back to the table after delivering our food.
Shepherds pie was good,as was the mushy peas,  fish and chips was so so, fish was good but the big block/logs chips were not. We didn't get our drink order till half way through our dinner. Thankfully the waiter did comp our drinks for the poor service. So that made up for it.
The bottom line: If you are serious about meat and love your food, this is where you need to go.\n\nFrom hard-to-find cuts, to more exotic meat and with great service, I am really happy to have found \"What's Your Beef\".
It was at our hotel and we were hungry, so we decided to try it. It was a little overpriced and I was physically ill after eating the biscuits and gravy. My husband enjoyed his meal.
Biggest rip-off company I have dealt with, and I have dealt with many. Not up front with fees and hit with way overpriced bill after job is done. I am a very dissatisfied customer, but last time for sure!
Superb work at a very competitive price.  Excellent people to work with.
Second chance, bad service, over and undercooked pizza and appetizers. Cops randomly showed up for whatever reason? How is this place open still?
I like this park, everything is awesome except that those geese birds keep ruining the park. First of all the geese poop all over the place and they lay eggs all over the park.
Easy in and out. Can't really complain.
A clean, well-lit place to stay up all night and smoke meth with the townies. I'm dead serious.
Kinda shady/smokey place but hey- it was the best deal we could find on the strip that wasn't too bad. \"Best of the worst\" I guess you could say.
A really nice and decorative restaurant. I highly suggest their wings and fries.
Overcrowded!! No place to sit down unless you pay $$$$. Main stage super small for the amount of people in the club. Even to see a good dj is not worth the hand greasing, sardine like stage and waiting to get an overpriced cocktail!!
Stay away!  Writing this at 4am as construction started already and is ridiculously loud.  Worst stay of the past year.   Zero stars if possible.  This place is horrible.  You're better off renting a car and sleeping in that.
Love you thintastic asparagus mushroom on an everything bagel- yum! AND why is there no hot sauce here?\nJewish people like hot sauce a lot too!
The food was food but we waited nearly an hour for it. Papaya salad came last, basically after we were done eating. Large, colorful portions compensate for the high prices.\nIf you have small children,  beware the toxic houseplants on the tables!
I got food poisoning here.
Got a veggie plate & slice if cheese cake. For 3 sides I thought it was a little expensive. Ambiance bland. They pack m in here though. I'd def come again if I was over this way but wouldn't make a special trip.
Terrible service!! Rude manager! Lost a customer for life And the manager didn't care
Sage fried chicken was  scrumptious my husband and I shared and were full
I can't say much about the food, but the bar is cool as hell.  The service was impeccable and the waiter kept the black and tans coming all night.  He also had some good suggestions for microbrews as well.  Knowledgeable staff and good service = \"Yay! I'm a fan.\"
I dont know what it is about this place, but I always seem to have a good time. I like the way its set up. Their prices are reasonable. The staff is friendly. The people who go here are nice. \nFYI: They have 2 dart boards if you are in to that.
The worst buffet I been to in Vegas. Nuff said!
Cherry Lash Lounge is the best in town!!  I would highly recommend all the lash artists..Have not had a bad one yet!  Very natural look too!
Great service and great food. Went with three others and everyone tried everyone's else's dish. Everything was very good! The atmosphere could use some updating. Besides that, this place is awesome and you should definitely check it out. I will be back.
Everything is delish! Brownie dessert in made when you order it. Yeah, you read it right! They bake the brownie, add ice cream, deliver heaven! Ask for extra walnuts (or not). Come hungry! Best of waiters!
The fried chicken was very good, better than any other sould food place in the area.\n\nThe place was a little dirtier than it was a few years ago.  Sanitation grade is a borderline 90.  Floors were very dirty although it had not rained.
This place is on my \"never go again\" list. I got the wrong order but she just blamed me for incorrectly placing my order...huh?!?  Tea taste was nothing special, i did like that it wasnt overly sweet, but the boba balls were not fresh (not springy and chewy).
First impression is amazing..very well kept hotel. Clean rooms..smoke free my fav. Internet is fast.
I will alway visit this buffa! For one no one fights with you over food here. Less family and wait is never long. They have about everything u can think about. Seafood snow crabs, are great and the desert secretion is big here also. It's hard not to eat too much here.
Fun place.  Because it's just typical Mexican food, I can't bump it up beyond 3 stars.
This place is just amazing.  Don't let the shady location fool ya.  The service and food are second to none.  Be sure to make reservations well in advance because this place gets booked pretty fast.  The drunken noodles and grilled prawns are the best.
I literally ran for these bagels, from de Bleury and Sherbrooke through the park to the cafe on Avenue du Mt. Royal. Bought bagels and walked back to hotel. And I'd do it again for the love of sesame.
This was an amazing stop for breakfast/lunch on my trip to Phx. Customer service was amazing, food was great worthwhile to stop!!!!! Your missing something great if you dont. Great atmosphere for kids or just to relax coffee house style!
Very Friendly and cheap!  I thought the meat was great as was the sauces.  Some of the vegetables were meh but thats just my opinion.  Overall I am surely coming back
Seriously addictive. So yummy and really nice staff.
Ate my first Kobe burger her in Nov. 2011.  VERY good and under $20!  Tender and awesome!
Everything I tasted here was great.  Had a shrimp curry and chicken lettuce wraps.  Was with a group of 5 and no one had a bad meal.
Call ahead. Eat lots of rolls. Get the double pork chop, and you will be in heaven. \n\nKey is to call ahead.\n\nIve never had a problem here and always loved my food.
Worst experience my boyfriend and I have ever had going out to eat. Food was cold and looked and tasted like it was all microwaved. Table and booth was dirty and sticky. If you want a quick but good breakfast definitely go to U.S Egg
Cheap. Tasty. Personal service. This place is freaking good. I mean, where else can you order great authentic Vietnamese food? Vietnam? Yeah...right.
We went here on a Friday night on a recommendation, and it was dead. We sat on the patio and had some food, which is definitely better than standard bar fare but not amazing. The waitress looked like she couldn't wait to go home. Beer selection didn't wow me either.
What a waste of money! For a $200 detail I got a simple car wash and wax.  And then it rains 48 hrs later and they tell me they only warranty the wash for 24 hrs. The guy that jipped me on the wash was named Antonio. So for everybody else watch the integrity of their details it's a joke!
I remember it being much better a long, long time ago.
Great spot.  Friendly staff.  Awesome happy hour.  Live music is usually pretty good as well.  Bathrooms are too small but it's usually not an issue.
Food tasted good but was cold. Complained to management and was told where to find the microwave. First time going and last. Can zap food at home.
We came here when we got to the hotel. It was really bomb. We got sliders which were out of this world. We also got the hot wings which were really spicy but realllly good. We also go these pretzel bites which were really good. The staff was friendly too.
I eat here at least once a month against my better judgement but I'm always hoping for a finger in my chili. I never try any of their new sandwiches or anything I stick to the chili. It's by no means good but hell it's less than $2 and it helps everything come out easier in the morning.
A little undecided here as standard pricing is on the high side but they sometimes offer groupons and have some decent happy-hours.. Mainly nice that they have a swanky bar adjacent (The Living Room) to change up the scene when the time comes.
This is your garden variety CVS but since it's in Summerlin things are overpriced. Apathetic employees who are never in a hurry.
Italian steak house... Over priced, over cooked, meat quality just seemed lesser for the prices - disappointing... I've been to several of Batali's restaurants, in both Vegas, and Manhattan, and this place is definitely the worst of his, that I've been to.
We arrived. Storefront cafe, okay. Walked inside, turned to our left and entered a completely different room. WOW! I was stunned at how beautiful the lounge and restaurant were inside. We ordered an array of food and some champagne. It was a lovely time. Good food and good people. Who could ask for anything more.
Steer clear, this place is terrible.  They would not honor a coupon I tried to use that was clearly valid.  When I asked to see the manager, he was very rude.  I told him I would never go back there, and he didn't care one bit.  Absolutely terrible service from start to finish.
Very small place a little difficult to find, but very good pizza, so far I think one of best pizza I had in Phoenix
I have enjoyed BJ's so much. My daughter and I have been there 3 times and loved it each time. So today, around 4PM, we are taking the entire family. I believe they deserve this awesome treat also.
Went here for my first time today because I have been doing a detox cleanse so a fresh drink was necessary. I ended up getting the weekend warrior. I personally didn't enjoy the drink . Didn't have much to offer. I have found many other smoothie places and this is something I wouldn't recommend.
I was very impressed by the food, the ambiance, and the service!  We had a great time! Totally will recommend to anyone who likes to eat:)
Kind of Pricey compared to Wal-Mart but I found it less crowded it was ok
I dont know what it is but there is something that I cant stand about there sandwiches it leaves and awful taste in my mouth.  I think it may be something in the bread.
Gorgeous space indoor and out, but the whole stairs thing just kills it!
I've left a review before saying that I love this place and they have great service!  Boy did my waiter prove me wrong today!! We had the worst service ever! He was rude and never came to ask how we were doing or if we needed anything! He kept passing by but would never come to our table. I was so disappointed!
Don't waste your money. I don't understand what the hype was all about. Nothing really good at this buffet. I don't know why it was one of the top 10 in vegas.  Went during dinner and selection was ok.  The buffet iny local town was better than this.
Love this place! I love the options available to choose what to put into your pita. Everything is prepared in front of you. No surprises behind the doors. Good staff and clean place. Good location as well.
This place is good, and the happy-hour specials are pretty good too.  My only complaint is that they make everything extra FATTENING.  I wanted to eat more, but there was soooooo much unnecessary butter and cream and oil all over everything.  I got the steak fettuccine.
I literally would've married the Buffalo Chicken Wrap I just ate...f'ing perfection!\n\nHot, spicy, delicious bar food + free wifi = FAN FOR LIFE
The place looks  clean  and well taken cared of !!! I had a man do my pedicure and he has to learn a lot my skin next to the nail were hurt by the clippers and the vile .  But I think I should of asked for Julia I will do that next time  , no more man on my feet
Every time I've come here the staff have been friendly and helpful. It's relatively easy to get in and out of the lot and has a service station attached. Snacks are available inside and soda is available in the bottle. If they had fountain drinks we'd be here more often.
Ok so I gave in and tried again, just because this place is so darn convenient for their location! Still sucked. Pretty sure I chipped my tooth on a piece of rice (not kidding)  I give up officially.
It's rare I give 5 stars, but the tacos here are great. Good service, better music. \n\nUnfortunately, I'm going to go with a 4 star review because the Moscow Mule drink that I received was flat. But I'm willing to give it another shot due to good service.
The food was yummy and the decor was very beautiful. I just think the entrees should be $5 cheaper. I think $18 for pho or fried rice is just too much.
Huh?!  Are there still mindless drones shopping at Needless Markup???
Terrible service. Mediocre Teppanyaki & for $20+ a plate.... I'd rather eat Panda Express.
Really good food but service was not at all good! We waited so long, our waiter was not a people person, didn't tell us about portion sizes, and the place was pretty dirty. (Can't imagine how the kitchen looks)
This place is like a real, authentic Jewish deli...according to my husband who is a Jewish boy from New York. Best bagels in Vegas. Dine in food is also excellent. We are Californians who come to Vegas 6 times a year and stop here for bagels every time.
Great fish poorly prepared by rookies... received Hamachi Belly so doused in Ponzu that the rice was soggy and so much Yuzu Kosho that you can't taste the fish.  \n\nServers messed up all night, including the bill.\n\nSad rip off.
I had a carne asada taco and carnitas taco. Both were pretty bland. Don't know what they were marinated in, but not much flavor. The red and green salsas are also mediocre. Would not go back and wouldn't recommend.
Excellent service. Quick. Responsive. And billing was handled beautifully. They have wi-fi too.
Not that good, over-priced, bad service, tables were dirty.
A nice airport that gets you in and out quick.  It is easy to get around in this airport without getting lost.
Bad service and worse wings. The so called hot wings taste like nothing but vinegar, the mango habanero are a poor attempt to copy BWs, and the boneless are like a cheap frozen brand but not as good... Don't waste your time or money here.
Called Brent when we moved into our new house June 2013.  A year later and the tile is still in great shape.  Had a small issue with grout around one tile.  He sent his tech immediately to resolve it.  Great service and nice guys.
Azucar has moved to 5004 S. Price Rd., in Tempe.     :-)
Food was okay, I've had better. Service was good but I waited a long time for refills.
Breakfast was mediocre at best. Bland. Not cozy. We live close and never go here so it's just not our fav breakfast place. Service was ok.
Hats? They got some sweet stuff. \nShirts? Stuff you won't get anywhere else. \nSocks? They got you covered. \n\nGreat staff and cool location. Go check this place out.
Used to be great but WAS WAAAAAAAY over priced for the amount of food you get. Don't even try to use a coupon, they tack on all of these special conditions plus automatically add their own tip. Try the Yama place up the street instead.
The man with tatoo on the neck gave me \nLess food,maybe cause i m asian in line, \nPortion size very little at this Panda.
The menu has ads... That's pretty much the only negative thing I can say. The food is always spot on and very big. And cheesecake!
The sushi here is so good and fresh that it literally melts in your mouth. The waitress was extremely friendly and the service was quick. This is a must go to sushi place.
Excellent variety of trails. Easy/moderate climbs to three summits and the circumferential trails are in such good shape I was able to run them.\nI parked on the street near Coral Gables and 7th Street. Four stars since there are no facilities. Great area though!
Went for lunch with co workers, the food is really good but the service is horrible. Good took forever to come out, orders were wrong one of our part waited 30 min additional for her food. Checks were  incorrect as well.
Never stayed, but indulged with friends on their rooftop for cocktails and snacks. Great service, excellent mixed drinks, and a lovely view of the pool. A New York way to relax with an AZ sunset.
This is hands down some of the best food I have had in Phoenix in a long, long time.  Every meal is fantastic and incredibly tasty!
Stayed for a week,\nGreat time. The best bloody steak and eggs in the world. I think I am going to have to come back just for that !! Staff treated me like a rock star Fabulous....
They closed down for a while, opened with a new owner for a while, then one of the original owners re-opened it.  The pizza now is just ok.  I have had a meatball sub and stuffed shells and they are both ok.
Beer is pretty good price is a bit much for what it is tho. Ellis island has better beer, better prices and they have good food.
Loved the food today...they cooked just as I asked. Very friendly too. Yummy good ;)
\u6b7b\u516b\u5a46  made me wait 30 minutes for some pan fried noodles and fried rice.
I like Beauty Brands for its great selection. I always use Kristen at the Peoria location for my salon services. She listens and is an excellent hair stylist. You will not be disappointed.
Went in early on saturday night,  the service was fast, pleasant and really good food. we will be going back to try the sandwiches and pizza.. We used a coupon from deal find, what a good value for us.
Worst sushi experience in Vegas. Amazed they're still open. Over priced tiny portions. Huge disappointment.
First time eating here. Lunch today, not impressed. Had the chicken ranch with fries. Not the best cut of chicken. Nothing outstanding that would want me to come back. Others in the party had burgers. Nothing to write home about. \nJust average.
Arrived on a Saturday and there was a dj and gogo dancing by the bar but by Monday just a spot to grab a drink, catch up on sports and play video poker. Service was adequate not much more to say.
Slow service and the food was subpar. Big drinks made it bearable.  I had the peppercorn crusted tuna and that's more pepper than anyone should have in one sitting.
Horrible service! But  Jalapeno popper roll is amazing.
Many choices here, environment is nice, servers are good and friendly.\n\nI love the name - cravings
Good ambiance , food is very trendy and not traditional mex by any stretch .  Service was good and friendly but after eating here twice I would rate the foods 1 service and friendliness a solid 4.  The reason I rate this a two is based only off good, not service
Pretty cheap, pretty good. They offer delivery in a certain areas (so call to verify). Delivery was non-stop the night I went in and a few dining in.\n\nThe space was small and the restaurant smelled of their seafood dishes. The service was good and fast.
lime mint beef, sugar cane, bacon wrapped okra, red curry tofu with rice.\n\nall of it, awesome.\n\nactually; it was a love affair. we were sweating.
Enjoyed the grilled sea bass which was very tasty!  Nice quiet atmosphere in crazy Vegas!
Love, love, love those steak sandwiches---and pizza.
Ever get that feeling the customer is really interfering with the bartenders work?  Yeah me to, this place is a joke.
Nice 50's atmosphere albeit noisy. Had breakfast of eggs, ham and \"home fries.\" Potatoes were frozen from a bag, not fresh. Biscuits were frozen from a bag. Service was OK. Seems to be popular with the 70+ crowd.
Happy to have tried out The Q Shack. Very friendly and helpful staff!  Great tasting pulled pork.  Plan on visiting again!!
Very cool place. Staff is courteous and friendly. Portions are large and prices is an average of $11 a plate. Food is tasty and the decor is fun and quirky and a great place for family breakfast. A must visit when you're in Vegas.
All food is pre made and reheated on a styrofoam plate. Overall relatively cheap. But If you're expecting nyc mamouns type quality, you should look elsewhere.
Still this Starbuck does not understand that their music is VERY LOUD it should not be as loud that you cannot to hear your conversation with someone.\n\nAGAIN IT'S LOUD
Good service.  The manager was very helpful. \n\nAnnie
I highly recommend you avoid using this location. They are extremely unorganized! They are friendly however only a few attendants know their jobs completely. I have had to use this location for several different things (P.O. Box, mailing letters/boxes, stamps, change of address) none of which were satisfactory.
Had a company party in luxury boxes 4 & 5. Everyone was wonderful in helping plan! Patricia and Lisa were great!! The execution was wonderful and the staff very response to our guests! Jerry and Melissa were very friendly. Great place to have a FUN corporate function!
Les bi\u00e8res sont bonnes, l'endroit est confortable, beaucoup d'espace.
Taco Bell's cousin just doesn't do it for me.
Don Pedro's is a decent cantina with some good Mexican food.  I have gone here a few times for lunch and wouldn't be against stopping by again.
I have been a customer for nearly a year and have always left with beautiful nails. \nThe salon is super clean in a modern setting. The color choices are mind boggling! the 3-D art is the best in town.
Greatest tailor in Scottsdale! Just brought Phil two pairs of pants that I needed shortened since I am going to Vegas in two days.  He had me in and out the door in thirty minutes.  Great service at a great price.
If you love Korean, Chinese and Island food, this place is must place to eat. Whenever we come to Vegas, we stop here to eat! Their Jambpong and Chae Chae Myoung is awesome. Their Yuk-kaejong is very good and my favorite local moco!
This place was sooo good at one time...then they went and changed their menu. \n\nWith the new management, changed menu and HORRIBLE service this place is no longer worth the drive. We live a half a mile away, just to give you an idea...
manmade waves at the pool.  nuff said.  weeeee
Some of the best food that you'll ever eat in a treehouse! The seafood and steaks are out of this world. Highly recommended!
It's really simple. Great pizza, terrible/rude service. If you care a lot about good service, don't go here. If you don't care, then go here. I order here every once-in-awhile just because the pizza is good, but delivery times are always about an hour, which is really long.
Whether you got home from a late night or just want a great sandwich for lunch Silver Mine is the place to go.  They are not only open late, they also deliver till 3 a.m. and have a great staff.  The bread and the selection of sandwiches make this a great sandwich stop!!!
This is the slooooooowest Starbucks service in town.  Due to the convenience of the location, I stop in here for a coffee on occassion but I have to have plenty of time on my hands in order to do so.\n\n--parking is tight--
hung out here earlier in the day, just taking a break from walking around, sightseeing, slot playing. cool, mellow, strong drinks!\n\nlater ended up here post after-hours at forty deuce. \npacked, great music, accompanied by videos, good dancing vibes...and free!
used to be my favorite place now since new ownership the food and service is very poor!
surprise! another east valley lesbian bar
I only Paid $99 so for that it was a nice place to stay...... I'd go again... very quiet.
Dine in or Take Out this place is great!!\n\nThe Pud See Ew with Beef is my Favorite!! The spring rolls are good too!! The ladies are all very sweet and will definitely guide you in the right direction!
My lamb burger and peanut butter shake was very good.  But service...what service ?  No one had time for anything !  Manager, pay attention, you need to train your workers better.
I used to really like this place but it seems the quality has dropped off. I picked up a to go order today and it reminded me why I had not eaten their food in almost a year.
I'm in LOVE with this place. The Mediterranean salad is delish. As is the flour-less chocolate cake. Super friendly staff and nice atmosphere. The only complaint I have is that I can not find any of the nutritional information online nor do they have it in the restaurant.
Great happy hour to 6pm with some yummy appetizers and great drinks.  I had there mojito and margarita which were very good and fried shrimp, mussels and BBQ shrimp.  Great bartenders also
Love taking our dogs here. Clean and well kept. Get here early on Sat & Sun mornings to avoid the crowd.
Tacos are ok there tortillas Are small and a  little crunchy...better then other Mexican fast food joints around here... Still not the same as street tacos in Mexico.. Hamburger is not so great rather get a Mcdouble...
You could drive by here a million times and not see this place. Totally hole in the wall. It has a Hawaiian and korean mix. The oxtail soup is tender and I don't even like oxtail soup. The Hawaiian food is pretty good overall also.
Disregard all the negative publicity, this restaurant is a true gem...  Great ambiance,  amazing atmosphere, excellent service and phenomenal food...  A Must!
Went late night and was the only table in the place, good service the duck was very good tender with crispy skin and also pan friend noodles with beef were good too. Would go back again.
Had a great time at this off beat fun show. TIP don't  sit in the first  few rows is is murder on your neck
I had a bad experience here. I brought in my two boys and two ladies completely messed up their hair. They had patches and it was cut unevenly.  I will never step foot into this great clips again.
tried this when I was out in Vegas last week.  Not bad, probably a step above the Subways and Quizno's out there, but no Pastrami on the menu?  That defies logic right there, but Earl Of Sandwich is good for that late night/morning sandwich urges if yer on the strip.
yum yum yum\nthe tostadas are SOOOO YUMMMY!\ni want to try other things but every time i go there i end up getting the same! so good!
Every time I visit my brother in law, I demand we go here at least once! The thai iced tea is amazing, and my favorite dish is Ginger Chicken! So good!
Best hamburger place in Queen Creek/San Tan Valley area!!!!
I needed three name tags in two weeks, I picked them up in three business days. Quick, efficient and friendly.
Customer service sucked today. Stood there for 10 minutes waiting for someone for help. Someone else gets my money today.
best pool party ever!\n\n- drunk at 2 pm = typical Vegas.\n- food + alcohol + no wait for ladies room ( in the cabana area ) .\n- great house music!\n- Met a cutie got us free cabana + unlimited drinks/food. o yahhhhhhhhh!
Lavazza coffee (no more illy) was excellent with my eggs benedict and homefry cakes  - which by the way were loaded with feta, onions and spinach. A little pricey but would do it all over again.
This used to be a eclectic affordable paradise but since new owner I've watched prices sky rocket. Meh.
This place was awesome. We had a VIP bed and they treated us like kings. Thank you to Michael Sin for hooking us up! Lots of highly attractive folks here - hot weather, cool pool, amazing DJ.
Robbed while asleep at \" The Hotel\"  Security did not want to make a report.  They wanted it swept under the carpet. The person came into our room while we were there and sleeping. You would think that they would care- but they did not.
Best bakery in Pittsburgh! Meh, I don't want your fruity breads Mediterra. I just want the perfect traditional rye bread. The service is great. And they have a bread card. But go early for the best selection.
The club might be awesome but restaurant is a different story. The food was very disappointing, and the hostess even worst. She wouldn't seat our party (we had made reservations the day before) until the rest of the group showed up. What kind of a place makes you stand to wait?!
The only thing that I can say is YUM! I love the pancakes, the waffles and the service.
This was my go to place after work with friends.  Recently the food or menu has changed and was very disappointed.  I hope that was an off night.
CAUTION! Do not go to this club. The \"managers\" lie and try to over charge both guys and girls. Avoid at all costs.
Poor customer service, inferior work and overpriced.
Sweet little shop - great place to take the kiddos, and nice to see a huge selection of hand dipped cones and it's a nice departure from the yogurt bars.
Came here with my gf and my cousin and his wife. He won big gambling so he said it was his treat. Bad move cousin. We were eating kobe beef and ordering up expensive sakes. It was great. I got wasted. I inhaled some ramen at the end of the meal. Great times.
When staying at the boulders you have complementary use of the spa facilities. My husband and I love going to the children free pool, lounging all day, ordering delicious healthy breakfast and using the facilities. The spa has your standard spa items sauna, steam room, huge showers etc. The only thing I would change is a better magazine selection.
This place made my first time having greek food a memorable experience.The greek chicken salad was delicious! Not only was the food tasty but the service was excellent. I will definitely be coming back!
Pretty good. I've tasted better, but those little corn side things are yummy. I wish they'd get some gizzards... or at least some buzzards.
Nice building and good menu variety. We were the first customers of the day. The food was poorly executed. Some of the food was overlooked and come was cold. Something was spoiled.
The best and only hotel I stay when I go Vegas , the room just make me feel like I'm at my own place and make me feel so relax .......I love Wynn ^_^
A OK place. It's not the real thai food. It's like America-style thai food. I'm not sure why it gets such a high score.
Friendly and informative people. They did a great job fixing and buffing out my car. I wouldn't hesitate bringing back my car for any future repairs or maintenance.
The lines keep getting worse and the quality of food is significantly less on lunch vs. dinner.  Ironically, dinner costs roughly 40% more.  Still good food, and a decent value with the players card.
My go-to place for boba...until today. This was the second time they didn't add boba after I asked for it (which I though was the default choice). I'll be looking for someplace closer to home from now on.
This place is as bland as they get. The food was mediocre and the atmosphere was too.
I like the fast food idea of a mexican food restaurant on my lunch break.  It was highly military populated at that time.  the eat now, pay later concept is a little disturbing to me, they didn't really know what I had ordered by the time I went to pay but the food was pretty good and descently priced.
I loved this little brewery! The staff was very knowledgeable about beer and very friendly. The food was awesome! We got the desert kettle board and loved it. My husband got the IPA and really enjoyed it. I got the lager which was very carbonated but good. Over all we had a really great time!
Went a week or so a go. Place was empty but food was good and I love Pacifico beer and they have it on tap there(that is enough for me to like). Service was very slow considering the place was empty.
Best pork chop in the city. Cocktails are also top notch but if often takes forever to get you drink. Staff is attentive.  If you want to go on a Friday or Saturday make sure you make reservations 3 weeks in advance.
$12 chicken sandwich and fries. I felt like I'll wasted $12 on a snack that wasn't that great.  Why can't In N Out be inside the casinos??
I reserved a non smoking room and they messed up with that , I ended up getting a smoking room and that was so gross!!!!
First time eating here. Nice mom & pop place and very affordable. Hubby & I had the calzones. Meatball for me and meat works for him. His was actually better. Crust was good, good size portions. Felt full after we left. A good neighborhood pizza parlor. Staff is friendly and fast.
Very good for fast food. A go to place for us when we need to eat in a hurry. The only thing they could improve on is cosistancy. Sometimes the food comes out vey hot (which I love). Sometimes it comes out lukewarm.
This was a hit or miss dinner. We had a party of eight and some dishes were good & others were awful. The crispy pigs tails are a must though. It would probably be the only thing I would order if I went again. Which is unlikely.
after walking a lot on the strip the first night, the deuce saved us from having aching feet the next.  7 bucks for unlimited rides....thats a better deal than some amusement parks!\ntrust me...forget walking...the deuce is your savior!
I love the pollo fundido and baraccho burrito. Super no frills, yummy Mexican food. Decent prices. Clean and quick, lots of choices. Go for 5 dollar fundido Wednesdays!
The mutitude of billing errors everyone in our group has experienced is unacceptable from a resort of this caliber.  I have been trying to get assistance since yesterday morning and have yet to get a call back from someone who cares. The resort itself is beautiful.
Avoid this place.
I asked for a grilled Tuna rare and it came to me well done along with soggy asparagus.  The rest of the table did not have any issues with their meals.
Great breakfast spot, but be prepared to wait...especially on the weekends. Still, it's worth the wait.
There was nothing good about our experience there who a group from work. Service was awful, waited 15 minutes for cutlery after food arrived .  Food was cold and 2 orders were wrong. Soda water was mixed with sprite.  Everything that could have gone wrong went wrong.  Hope it's not the norm for this place
Great happy hour, tasty rolls and friendly service.  Our go-to place for affordable and delicious sushi in Vegas.
Favorite burger joint. Truffle fries dipping sauce was spectacular.!
I placed an online order only to show up at the store to have it not even started on.  This was the second time at this location that this has happened.  I now had to sit in the store for about 10 minutes while they made my sandwhiches.  The sandwhiches were tasty but, they need to work on this problem.
Sorry ... not impressed with the pizza ... greasy ... could not finish the 1 slice I ordered ... Salad was blah ... free popcorn had no taste, no salt no butter ... blah ... not returning
That was the best lunch I have EVER had. Beef Wellington?? OMG, I think I died that day, and went to Ramsey's Kitchen Buffet, cause It was 5 Stars across the board!!
Lucille's. Well I must say the portions were pretty huge. Their brisket was really good and also their barbecued baby back ribs. The gumbo however made me really sick when I got home and had been throwing up all night.
Gross food. Everything had been laying around for awhile. Go somewhere else.
Do not eat here if you like Chinese food.  Flies in the restaurant.  The food was okay, but the service wasn't great at all.  Although the portions are large, they aren't worth eating. AT ALL. \n\nNo no no no no no no.
Pretty much everything you'd expect from a Pizza Express - decent service, a good Rose at a sensible price and very nice pizzas. The air con was on rather ferociously on my visit but otherwise I've no complaints and could well be making more use of this branch as it's nice and handy for the office.
Great service. they bent over backwards to make us happy. The hummus is a must and the anthens fries are so good!! Drink menu is great. Food came out quickly.
Best ice cream sandwich I have ever had however I would not purchase half a dozen cupcakes again. My family was very disappointed in the cupcakes. I have definitely had a lot better at other shops. The salted caramel was so salty I gagged when I tried a bite. Not worth the calories.
Good Service, although I will never return because I ended up getting food poisoning and it ruined my whole Friday!
I've lived in Champaign since 2000. I think I've finally found a barber shop that I will consistantly go to. Sportscenter on TV, few jokes, straight razor hot shave, hot towel, and I didn't have to talk. \n\nReal nice.
Great locally owned store that specializes in all sorts of outdoor gear.  They are very helpful and will be happy to assist you if you need a special order for anything.
Love the specials, love the pizza
My boyfriend and I stopped by for breakfast right before lunch hours. As we looked around most breakfast items was already taken away. I guess we should of came a bit early to get breakfast items. And for desserts, I find that their cakes and cookies are too dry.\n\nThis place is just nice too look at. Nothing special.
Great local favorite bar! Just like home- great feel. Good to watch game or just stop in and relax. Great tamales, upside down tacos and margaritas. Good happy hour- go and enjoy yourself
Great place to take a walk on a nice day. Outside shopping center, so you have to walk from store to store. A lot of entertainment in the parks for kids. Movie theatre and now a Gameworks. \nNot a good place in the heat. You're going to be outside a lot.
Very nice atmosphere caring friendly kind here now with my sister barbie for her toothache I am so amazed of their availability of assistance for her thank you for your kindness and helping her
Plain and simple:  if you want run of the mill Mexican & margaritas and live North of the 101 between Pima and Tatum, this place is an option.  If you order anything with shrimp, make sure you tell them to be generous or you'll be sending your plate back for more of 'em.
This place has a good rep, I just don't like it. The pizza is way too oily or greasy however you want to call it. Not for me. I hate any food that's covered in oil.
Marita was busy so Phil did my hair last time. He was great. And fast! Good price on my blowout. I love VIP!
I went here with a friend one night, the flavors weren't that good. Also the woman who was working had terrible customer service. She rang my order up wrong and didn't make any eye contact. Not good....
we had an awesome magic show there. forgot the name, but it was very comical
Yummy yummy yummy. My friends and I order from here at least 3 times a month. The Dilly Bird, Yahoo and the Reuben are absolutely delicious. It's a bit pricey but soooooo worth it. I simply love Dilly Deli :)
Although it is expensive, the sushi is different from your average sushi restaurant. Their a la  carte menu is great and you can try things here that you've never tried at other restaurants.\n\nThe rolls are made delicately and tastes amazing. Be sure you try this place at least once
We went here to enjoy the game as we are big Cowboys fans. It is a fun crowd and has great staff. There are game specials, but the menu is limited and the good is just okay. Free shots for every cowboys touchdown was a fun addition.
Again, over-hyped so I was expecting more. My chicken was dry and the portion was ridiculously big... but I can see why people like it. I prefer Janos for Portuguese chicken.
its either dead or hald full. i dont like the floor plan myself but i had sum fun times..just not enough...
Pizza rock was really good the food was amazing and the service was great our waiter which I don't remember his name was very very nice. He gave us a head's up that if we waited a few minutes we would save a lot of money.
Good local place, good food and great price.  Recently expanded so this hole in the wall is now a big hole in the wall!  Great place to stop off and enjoy a chicken burro enchilada style!
C'mon guys!  Millions of dollars is pumped into this place but you cannot afford to supply your customers with WIFI in their rooms?  What year are we in?  Cheap mofos.\n\nAnd what's up with your crazy ass shower heads?  Feel like I just walked out of an F5 tornado.
This is a really good restaurant!  A must try for people who like Korean food!\n\nFavorites: Bulgogi with lettuce wraps and chap chae\n\nI really want to go back to try the karaoke here.
Great company!  Going on my 3rd year with them! Delivered right to my doorstep! Fantastic!!! Plan my meals around my box contents...makes life easier and healthier!!!
BEST Chinese food ever!  Love the people, the homemade food, the qwik special lo mein especially -this place has been in business for many years and is so amazing!
I never thought about writing a review for this place since its inside of another place, but might as well.  100% agree with Jane Q.P.  Delicious coffee for a reasonable price at great location.
Excellent service, very fast even though they were extremely busy. Food was delicious! Highly recommend!
Awesome show done by Brittany. Duke brought in all songs from the past and the light show was amazing.
This place is awesome. Inexpensive and really good. Super friendly people. The owner Nick is a super nice guy and made us feel so much like family we went back the next day and ate there again. Cant wait to go back out to Vegas to eat there again.
Sent Christmas bouquet from Chicago to friends in Charlotte.  Chose Nectar based on reviews and it worked.  The bouquet was gorgeous!  My friend saved the Nectar card as a result and said she didn't think she had ever gotten a more beautiful arrangement!
Who is flagging down all the one-star reviews for The Harmony Bar? To anyone considering patronizing this establishment: read the flagged reviews.
went with friends, it was small, awkward decor, friendly staff, but the food was not good at all.  don't waste your time. I wont be back.
Fun place to check out. Large selection. I didn't know what 90% of the stuff was but I like trying new things.
This is the only place to buy suit! Excellent service! Ask for Barry.
Not impressed. The service was very intermittent. Was not told upfront that they were out of certain ingredients.No pulled pork, no chili and after placing an order for breaded chicken was later told they were out of that too. No utensils were brought to the table, waitress was M.I.A. Nearly the entire time.
I don't know why people rave about Wicked Spoon so much.  I've come here for both lunch and dinner and the food is okay.  The kalbi ribs, beet salad, and bone marrow are the go to dishes.  I much prefer Wynn, or the new buffet at Caesar's
Ok well after a quick response from management I am pleased to report we are back on track ;) food was amazing -service is great - & I'm so happy cuz I really didn't want to not order from here anymore.\nThanx Freddie-you're doing a wonderful job!
I was just there on Saturday. The stone crab was normal. I was expecting a lot more. Everything was good, don't get me wrong, but for the price I could have had so much more at much better places.\n\nI like the crab at Pacific Fish better and the cost difference is considerable.
Total Joke! A place for kids to smoke! Even if you just want to play pool, you have to deal with all of the smoke and immature people. For some reason a few people think hookah is cool, but for each is their own! This place can really be a great place if it was serious!
The band, Locomotives plays here once a month and it is hoppin.  There are two seperate places, one bar area and the other restaurant/lounge.
must go stop in las vegas if you are a foodie! no need to write a long review just go that's it!
Horrible college! If you can go somewhere else they are so unorganized and try to find ways to make you attend their school.
Hodge- podge of various stuff, can be hit or miss affair, you have to check the place out on a regualr basis. I did manage to a score a couple of deals, other times I found nada. All depends on what's come in.
Some of the best fish and chips i have ever had. I would definitely recommend sitting in the patio.
My wife and went there for breakfast. Nice bright decor inside with smiling waitresses.\nWe were both pleased with the food and service.\n\nNext time we are down for spring training this will be our breakfast place.
Great food.  Waiter let us use 2 yelp check-in coupons for 2 free apps!  Had the \"The Big Cheese\" burger special with oozing cheese in the middle of the burger.  Yeah, you heard me.  They also ground their own hamburger meat.  Really good!
Was here for breakfast and was so disappointed.  The wait to get in was bearable... but the 45 minute wait in the Crepe line was ridiculous!\nI am only giving it 2 stars for breakfast because I will not eat breakfast there again.  For lunch or dinner I've really never had any problems....
While everything is fresh, I am still not impressed.  I prefer the true Mediterranean restaurants, like Spices.  This place is just another trendy spin on Mediterranean food.  Examples:  the tzatziki had chunks of cucumber (weird) and the Greek salad didn't have olives.  Won't be back.
If you want something new with an informal setting this is the place for you! Lots to choose from and everything is unique. My favorite is the WHAT WHAT!  Give it a try, you'll be sure to return. Noon hour tends to be busier than normal, of course.
Ther service was friendly and courteous the food was excellent and the Best thing was that the owners participated in greeting guests personally and working alongside their friendly staff
Good variety of food!
Its good been going here  for a year now.  Great food cooked when you order it.  Juns special a favorite.  The only complaint i have is prices went up recently and nothings changed. I cant understand why same food more price now, i could go to a buffet for almost  $20 a plate!!!!
The food was fresh n healthy, a little over priced for the portions.
Some common-a$$ food. Nothing to see here folks. Interior is lame too. Waitress was nice though. Go to Mac's or Mert's if you're in the mood for this type of food.
Half the lights don't work.  Registers freeze up constantly.  Floor and ceiling look like they have been rode hard and hung up wet.  I only shop here when I'm extremely desperate or I'm feeling really really nostalgic.   If you have other options in time, go somewhere else.
The bartender downstairs was extremely rude. I guess if you don't \"look\" gay, you don't receive service. So much for southern hospitality. I will not be returning.
Just not very good. I had the cuban, which is not a cuban...it is a ham and cheese sandwich on cold ciabatta bread. My fiance had a cheeseburger, which was a very small, tasteless patty. For the prices, totally not worth it.
Well appointed great service and amazing food. Make sure that you get garlic naan. Had the lunch buffet. The chicken makkani ( which I would compare to chicken tikki masala) melts in your mouth. The goat curry falls off the bone. Everything was Great!
Like this place very much.  The fried rice is extremely good   I get the bento box 3.  And aways have leftovers for that midnight snack.
The food is not bad.  However, the customer service is horrible.  The wait staff takes too long to deliver your food and drinks.  I have been there on several occasions and have experience the same poor service.
Mmmm Cassis! Great food, really fresh.\n\nSome of the servers that have been there for a while can be a little eh, but they've since hired some new meat and they are great! Super attractive too!\n\nThis place has a pretty decent selection and I've always enjoyed myself!
I recommend the Boston Cream Pie, jelly filled, or glazed. This place is the best donut shop in Phoenix hands down!
Philly Cheese Steak gave me heart burn bad!\n\nRather not go here again!
Stopped in for dinner on Wednesday night.  It was very busy, a line leading out the front door so I sat at the bar.\nBartender, Angie, was lovely.  Glass of wine was a FULL pour and the wine burger was tremendous.\nI will be back.
We had a second gift certificate to use, so we went back, for lunch this time and stuck to the mainstream of the menu with a pork chimichanga and a pork burrito, both of which were enormous and pretty good.
Grade: F\n\nThe world's worst service. I wouldn't serve this rancid mess to animals.  Your money and time stolen by Food Fight Inc.
Great atmosphere and food! Had the breakfast burrito and I have to say it was one of the best I have ever had. Great breakfast spot.
First visit here to this location and it was great. Great atmosphere, food was delicious and the service was awesome. It was very busy for a Saturday but we were seated in less than 10 min. Our servers name was Kat. She was super nice!!!
Went last week to get their catfish and the size of the fish was literally half the size it used to be, and for the same price. It was still yummy, but disappointed.
worth the price, especially if you come back with your cup for refills.  They also give you coupons for $1 off your next purchase.\n\nLots of flavors to choose from and the staff isn't rude.  I recommend adding a shot (or two) to give your drink an extra lil boost :)
Great service!  Very comfortable atmosphere.  Food was fine.  Nothing over the top outstanding but good and it was priced appropriately.
It's a local bar.\nFun.\nNon pretentious.\nGood times.
From the decor to the lighting to the music you feel like you've stepped into another world when you enter this hotel, far from the slot machines and bright lights of Vegas.\n\nRooms seem to average about $200-350, though can be as low as $129 certain times of the year.
Had my nails done for my wedding. VERY overpriced and quality not the greatest either. Just went because we were staying at the Monte Carlo. Would not go back.
Lorraine will help you get into an apartment asap. Truly amazing woman. One of the cleanest complexes Ive ever been to. Top notch luxurious for the price. They even have a water purification system on sight.
Very quick service and they do a good job, I just wish they would talk more... I'm just not really a fan of awkward silences.... But I'd definitely come here again.
Typical chinese food. Nothing special. Better service than most.
Todd replaced the worn out keys and fixed the cylinder in the ignition of my Honda Odyssey. Dropped the van off and he was done with it by the end of the day.\nAnother locksmith I had called previously referred me to Todd at Alcatraz Locksmith. He said that Todd was the local expert in automotive locks.
This is definitely one of the better topless shows on the strip.  The girls are pretty, can dance and sing, and put on an entertaining show.
Love their macaroons! Their other pastries are excellent too, their soups are great, just super rich.
This place is always packed so had to try it. Had the breakfast tacos with turkey sausage. Very flavorful and good salsa. My bf had eggs Benedict. Although the eggs were cooked perfectly, the hollandaise sauce tasted greasy, rather than buttery, lemony. Too many other good restaurants to go back there
Food is decent.  Not sure why people go crazy for it.  Bad service.  Decent American food.get
TRUFFLED POTATO CHIPS WITH MAYTAG BLUE CHEESE AND CHIVES - Great snack food that belongs on your lap while you're plopped in front of a TV. Not at a restaurant so much.\n\nEverything was pretty decent.
I came here for the first time and I loved it! The bartender was very nice and made great drinks. We played shuffle board and were able to play as long as we wanted to without getting bumped off. I want to go back again!
Shared a few appetizers here with some friends and ordered some margaritas - everything was very tasty and the service was great. I'd like to try more items from the menu the next time I am in Vegas.
2 things\nthe balloon lady and the bar\nThat's it.\nEverything else is terrible.
Went to dinner on my business trip here. The price of food was high compared to other places I've been. Quality was OK but portions were small. Expect to spend about $150 for 2 people for some rolls & entrees.
Food was OK. Service was slow but friendly. Nothing too fantastic here. Was good for a late night meal when nothing else is open.
Amazing food! Had a cheese streak with fries and it was amazing.  I loved the look and atmosphere plus the music is great.  Good eats and good times.
The Charlotte Museum of History is an important part of the Charlotte community. It is dedicated to preservation of the Revolutionary War era of Mecklenburg County. The jewel of the museum is the Rock House - oldest house in the county.  I have visited many times and really feel the staff does a great job. Go visit!
Great dining experience. The mahimahi literally melted away as it was eaten. Fantastic flavor. Would highly recommend.
My favorite Coffee place in Madison !\n\nThe capuchino is strong, the pastries are good, and the service is excellent.\nI also like the ambiance, relax and eclectic.
Great Sunday bruch buffet.  Great selection.  About average priced.
This place is horrible, food sucks service is ok nothing crazy. Maybe it was my server but I was very unhappy about my experience here.
This location is OK...the employees at this location are scare and dont seem to overly helpful, which again surprises me. Not my favorite superpawn.
I liked this bar/dance club.  Free pass and good house music.  I know going in there on a Monday night isn't going to make the place busy, but there were still groups at 2am.  I gotta try it out on a weekend.
Food was delish, dining absolutely delightful. We were on the waiting list for another restaurant nearby and got tired of waiting. Walked down and discovered this place. We dined on the back patio. So nice!! Food was great. We all loved it, even kids! Great wine and dessert list too.
Happy to say I highly recommend this company.  We accidentally buckled our garage door on a Saturday morning and got it repaired within two hours.  They are very customer oriented explaining their repair as well as preventative maintenance.
Love the tacos here!! They are authentic tacos they have taco meat we like to eat asada lengua pastor and more! Best place to go at the end of the night! This place also has carneasada fries and lengua fries not to mention mulitas!
I put in a phone order for mild and chili line wings and got a box of mild and plain wings. Thanks for ruining my craving.
Delicious BBQ pork, awesome scenery, you can sit inside or outside there is their farm all around the restaurant.  If you are within 40 mins of here you should make the trip!
My husband and I have been eating here for years. They are always friendly and quick to make our food.  Their pot stickers & eggrolls are to die for.
I've been shopping here for a few years and this shop is the best. Fantastic prices, friendly staff, shelves full with great selection, open late. I'm always glad to support my local businesses!! Highly recommended!!
Perfect place in the east village for brunch. Highly recommended the courtyard !!! The brunch for $ 11 !!! Return
I purchased a living social deal from Twenty20 Window Cleaning, and as soon as I called he made time for my appt right away. He was out only a few days later to my salon Hair Ink. He did an awesome job, I will definitely be calling him next time I need my windows all cleaned and pretty.
Absolutely loved this salon. The prices are great and they spend a lot of quality time on you. The paraffin wax is the best - I have never been to a salon that does this AND I have been to a lot of salons. The staff was also very nice and friendly. I will definitely make this my regular salon.
My family is growing so we went in to look for a bigger car. Our sale rep was soo wonderful,  Kevin Vo answer all of our questions and help us in everyway. We drove out of there with a smile on our face and a new Honda Odyssey 2015!! Great Service!! Thank again Kevin Vo!
Love this restaurant....great food! The view is the best in Vegas, by far. The ambiance is wonderful and that chandelier is to die for. I have eaten here 3 times now and every time has been memorable. Lounge is a bit dated, but still enjoy the place.
First,  I love CTR's coffee.\nSecond,  this location has great batistas and it's less congested than other CTR'S I've been to. \n\nThat about covers it
what the F*** is that smell. Have they ever cleaned this place?? \n\nDrink specials? who cares, If I gave you a free beer with dog crap rubbed all over the sides would you drink it?
The DMV has it more organized than this place with much larger crowds.  The only reason I give it two stars is the worker we had was super helpful and fast once we got there.
I love this place!  The desserts are fantastic and I am determined to try them all.  Haven't had a dud yet.
Excellent place for noodles. I mean, really really good. It was hot as heck in Vegas and we still went to go get noodles for lunch. Place gets packed pretty early on, but well worth the wait. \n\nVegas has Monta, LA has Hakata Ramen Shin-Sen-Gumi.
OK for Mexican food. \nHot chips were served. \nSalsa was good. \nOrdered chili rellano. It was traditional style and tasted OK,\nThe sauce was not what I expected, but good. \nThe service was very good.
I don't remember laughing or even being entertained for the duration of the show.
Terrible. Make sure you Are friends with the staff before you come in here otherwise you will wait and get attitude the entire time. Worse service ever! Shame on you! Sorry not sorry! Ps- Reggie is better off as a bouncer n not a bartender.
Very busy and the for the floor show, I watched a small child dash back and forth from the dining area into the kitchen area and back again. Multiple times. I didn't like the floor show, so that was the last time I went there.
Food is average for this type place.  Bar service leaves you waiting, and they come  off like they are doing you a favor by serving you, also way overpriced compared to similar spots in the area!
The boba tea is overly sweet, and milky. Of the 3 main bubble tea houses, Lollicup is the best for the original milk tea flavor.
I come here about once a year and then I remember why I don't come here more often. My car was next in line to get washed and 3 corp vans were moved in front of me. And now I wait. Will prob take 40 mins to get out of here .
Love the service love the food can't say enough about this place they are very accommodating to my kids and everytime we go they are very busy but the wait is quick great job
I had the experience of my employer ordering from Little Saigon for a luncheon we had scheduled.Never having had Vietnamese food I was weary but that changed. The spring rolls and soup were SO GOOD and so filling!! Look forward to trying more goodies from here in the near future.
Yes, the reviews are right.\n\n1) Hotel needs updated\n2) Shuttle is slow, took me an hour to get to the hotel because of a \"shift change\".  One guy was waiting at the hotel so long he missed his flight\n3) Fitness room is lacking at best
The price went up and the quality went down. It's still o.k. if your a drinker as you get wine and bear with your meal, if not, it's not worth it. There are other local buffets that offer more variety at a lower price point.
Rooms are huge but the walls are supper thin.  You can hear people above your room taking showers and shits.  You can hear every step they make.  GHETTO!
Lines are still very long and slow here even after 9pm. Shelves are not stocked, and the water I buy is never on shelf.
Went here for a business meal. Good points - service was good and a good choice of cuts and non steak options. Bad points - very noisy, and the food was good quality bit nothing special. I had kobe rib cap and it was stringy and did not taste like it was grass fed. $58 for something that was ok.
I've returned to Burger Bar recently and am rethinking that I was overly harsh. They do have good quality and a great variety, even though there's lots of competition now.\nIt's not a bad choice.
great place to get a new kind of burger.
Service was slow, drinks expensive, and the quality of ingredients poor. They used cheap canned blue cheese olives. Oysters tasted funny. Go elsewhere.
The team of Bret and Greg arrived on a Saturday morning.  They were prompt, courteous and removed a garage full of furniture and old sports equipment without any problems.  I will not hesitate to call them for future removals.
Best airbrush tan in Scottsdale! They always go out of their way to squeeze me in last minute! I won't go anywhere else.
Awesome wings, especially the \"Skybox style.\"  A surprisingly great item is the five-cheese sandwich with a cup of their amazing tomato-basil soup.  It has four cheeses inside and is grilled with parmesan on the outside to make it ultra crispy.
The go to local place for cantina cuisine. Attentive wait staff, clean environment, never  a bad experience!
This is the cleanest and most organized Burlington I have ever visited.  The prices can be a little bit higher versus other stores, but keep in mind that this one seems to carry higher end clothing and shoes that we never found at any other Burlington.  If you are ever in the Phoenix area, it is worth the extra drive to visit this particular location.
I have been coming here for 6 years now, and no other place has been able to usurp this bar's place in my mind. Great place to Become a regular. i do the Karaoke Thursday through Sunday.
Good local place (glad they moved away from the \"meat-market\"  Vig.  Usually always get the tots but I am an addict.  Food is comfort with some health thrown in and service is dependent upon who you wind up with but it is never bad.
Horrible service! Owner never pays her sitters on  time. She also hasn't ever met her pet sitters that she has hired.
This restaurant is beautiful. Hadn't been to Z Tejas in a while.  Food hasn't really improved.  I really like Mexican food, so this place doesn't cut it.
I had the BBO mix.  It was fine, nothing bad, but nothing memorable either.  This is typical of L&L everywhere, nothing special, but it will do in a pinch.
Please avoid this people at all costs!  I went there to get a transvaginal ultrasound an they were extremely rude.   The tech didn[t know anything.  How the hell is she going to take pictures of cysts if she doesn't know what she is looking for??? extremely incompetent.
For a Friday night the place was empty. Service was great but drinks were way over priced. Live DJ was promoted but after 2 songs he left out the door... not what I expected for a Friday night but still had a good time with my friends.
Definitely no service.  Very American Chinese food and super salty.  Coming here for whatever meal is ok.  But expect a good sit down meal, definitely so not recommend.
Kaum pong kee Is my favorite but I also enjoy the orange chicken.  Their California rolls are also really good. The food is good and it's clean. That works for me.
We had the white pizza and a glass of their homemade root beer.  The white pizza was delicious. We also had the potato skins, but they weren't anything special. I would definitely go back for the pizza. We stopped for lunch.  It's a small place with tvs to watch the game.
The pizza sauce needs a good improvement, sauce to spicy. The subs are ok.
I love this place with all my heart. I love this place
Convenient and small looking place for a quick bite. Come in hungry and leave satisfied. Great place for meat lovers. Highly recommended if your walking around Edinburg castle.
This place was hoppin' after work on a Friday.  The food was OK, not bad, not outstanding either.  Good selection of beers.  Surprisingly broad cross section of ages, young professionals to older folks like me.  Also some families.
Cool atmosphere, decent cue.\n\nBiker-type barbecue joint.  BBQ was pretty good but not stand out write home to Momma.  Still, would go back.
Great massage in the heart of Las Vegas.  I had one during Thanksgiving break and Christmas break.  My first time ever to get a massage.  Only $20.  Great deal!  A very nice and quiet place.  So relaxing I dozed off.  My entire family loves this place.  We enjoy the late nights at Happy Feet.
This emergency pet clinic is just like any other,charge you up the wa zoo! Make this your last choice! They do high price treatment before the looking at more likely simple causes to your pets problem.
The staff is really friendly and nice to my dog. They are knowledge and kind. I love this pet co and don't mind passing a few of the crappy pet cos to come to this one.
This Safeway is horrible, the employees are very rude, and I've even heard em argue with customers, very expensive and when there busy, there's only one cashier usually open... So it takes forever, I'll go to bashas or Walmart before here.
love their food and pear/ginger juice! great service and always consistent
The fried chicken is perfectly seasoned, tender, juicy & possibly the best I have had!  Will definitely be back to try one of the daily chefs specials.
Ok, how can it get any better?  Hanging out in a Suite, free beer, food and of course a Suns win, didn't look that way early in the game but the Suns came thru in the 2nd half of the game.  Go Suns!
Good amount of food and price is decent
Pretty ok pizza dudes.  Not the best location, just off Main street, they share a tiny building with Country Hearth bread store, and a new gyro place.  Teeny tiny parking lot.  That is all.
Huge selection of beers.. Ambiance is also great.. food is awesome....try the chicken nachos...just awesome !
Don't expect anything special. For the price this is a great place to stay though. There is nothing great about the rooms or the suites but for what it will cost you it may be the best value on the strip.
Not visited here for a while and it didn't disappoint. Year on year, its reputation is earned by perfectly cooked food and excellent service. Large succulent portions of fish in the crispiest batter, and a generous helping of proper chips.
Great food. Nice atmosphere. Good service. And now has alcohol. Salads and sandwiches are delicious. Will be back.
Amazing food here! Split the breakfast sandwich and shrimp& grits both of them were excellent. Great service, quaint comforting space.
Food is good but the WiFi is HORRIBLE. Don't expect to get anything done at 56k.
THIS RESTAURANT HAS CLOSED to make way for a 27 story high rise apartment and retail building.  The convenience store right next door has closed as well. Development along Green street will soon see a 5 story, a 14 story and two 12 story buildings add to Champaign's skyline.
The spa was very very very basic. Staffs were friendly and nice but the facility is a joke. I have been to the spa at THE hotel, Encore and Wynn and this one is by far the crappiest. They have a tiny steam room and sauna and the waiting area is very small as well.
I don't have too much to say here, but I think the quality of the yogurt was a bit disappointing for me. Plus, the mixers and the yogurt stations were messy and didn't look very appetizing
One of my favorite pubs in downtown. I love the patio on a cool night. Drinks are stiff and it's an overall easy relaxed environment. Great for a date drink or with friends. Also, try the pub pretzel. Un. Real.
The muffins are dry and over-baked. The selection is sparse. And the owners are RUDE. Enough said.
No flavor!!!  This pizza joint is from the prior owners of NYPD pizza who sold and started this new place.  While its a decent price point there is no taste to it. Crust is mediocre and the sauce is just awful. It's like they opened a can of tomato sauce and dumped it on the dough. Meh!
Owner or manager was very rude when we presented our yelp deal.
Decent beer but seriously, the bartenders have to get over themselves and learn customer service.  Ummm, smile much?  Eye contact? Check if things are okay?
I love Kmart they have some cute clothes and always have great deals. More people should shop here.
The place was good at one point but not anymore, the pepperoni pizza is not even on the pizza, they shred it or something, looks like just a cheese pizza, tacky and not worth it!!
Um, clearly, the best and prettiest latte in the city! The staff is super cool too. A nice place to work, catch up with friends, or just kick back and read a book.
By far the best hotel in Vegas.
The Big Slick Stout is great.  I had the Cuban along with others who had the pulled pork, pizza, and ham and cheese and everyone liked every bite.  The wait staff was very friendly and informative about the menu and the area.  A great place to take family, friends and or clients.
They are just great! Great Food, Great Taste! simply their food is just Amazing! if you like the Persian Food you Must Try it!
Not my favorite frozen custard in Vegas, but pretty decent.
Big portions, that's really all I can say about this place.  The sauce is okay, the brisket is okay but nothing is great.  Rootboot floats are good, but nothing I can't make at home.  Worth one shot if your curious but I'm not going back.
RA was OK.  We swung in there while stranded at the Phoenix airport for a night.  Did the half price happy hour and it was quick, cheap, and good.  Not amazing sushi, but hey, or half price you're getting more than what you pay for!  Check out RA for yourself!
As far as sports collector stores go, this place is A-OK. Rob was very informative and knowledgable. They are a small store but they have a decent variety of sport collectibles. My favorite was their Johnny Unitas and Archie cards, which were in amazing condition.
Very busy place! Excellent service, above expected. Blueberry pancakes were very yummy and perfect for a cold Las Vegas morning. Fresh OJ - tasty. Everything tasted fantastic. Nothing but kudos for this cafe.
Good food but bad food choice, I ordered the half rack Memphis rub ribs, and the meat could barely fill up a starving infant . All in all don't order this
I've ordered twice from this location recently at different times of day, and not only was the estimated delivery time unusually long, but my pizza arrived nearly 30 minutes late both times.\n\nThe pizza itself was ok.
This is a good sushi bar.  Other reviews say the fish is fresh and they weren't joking.  Its a small place with not much ambience, but if you're going there for good sushi, you won't be disappointed.
Love my local McD's. Food is prepared well, never get the wrong order and staff is friendly. Great place to cool off and get some lunch. This location also does a ton for the community with the fundraiser and teacher nights for schools and local nonprofits. Good community member.
Borderline candidate for the regular lunch rotation.  The price point a tad high and the sauce a little too heavy.
good mall for walking.\n\nthere is a costco, movie theater and decent food court
We are visiting friends from NYC and just finished eating  our Kung fu order.  I just want to make sure you know that this was the best thai food we have ever had.  The service was extraordinary and the food was something special. Absolutely loved it.
Big selection!
Great sushi for a great price! Was down here for a business trip and I've never seen such low prices for entrees and sushi that turned out to be rather good. I had a $20 dinner that probably would've cost $30-35 elsewhere. Good selection of special rolls.
I did not have a good experience at this location.  Service was slow on a not so busy night.  Food was not at it's usual quality.  Have not been back to this location.  I prefer the one a few miles south.
The 3D movie was good. A little expensive for such a small place. Took only about an hour and a half to go through it.
We always receive great service and outstanding food at this location ! Our server Heather did an amazing job.  All her recommendations were \n\"right-on\" .  Thank you Olive Garden !\n\nOnce again, we had delicious  lunch at this Gilbert location !  The food is always fresh and warm.  We will return often.   :-)
I think they must write their own reviews. Just a very average place. I just had lunch, wafer thin chicken breast, so over cooked I could barely cut it , with frozen seasoned fake fries. \nI have had breakfast here once and that was so so too. Over rated!
We were in Phoenix for vacation and my son needed a haircut. It was a great experience. Very skilled barber and excellent result. Trimmed around the ears and neck with straight razor. Highly recommend this establishment if you are in Phoenix in need of a clean up.
This place is great! Have been going here for over 10 years. Great service and great food. Portions are rediculously large for the price.
So Loud.  You cannot hear a thing due to the bad design. Food was good but ridiculously huge. Wasteful.  Manager was a dick.
The worst burrito I've had in a long time it was a steak bean and cheese burrito was absolutely horrible the steak was some type of mystery meat not even edible borderline borderline dog food.
The food was excellent!  So many great choices!  Salads and panini was delish!
Consistently inedible
Love, love, love the noodles!  Took a friend last Saturday and they gave us a lunch menu and when we got our food it was like a dinner proportion. The chicken and noodles were so amazing. I will definitely be back!
I will no longer buy bagels here anymore. No matter which kind you buy they all taste like an onion/garlic bagel...even the cinnamon sugar!
Starting to go down hill ... more rice , less meat.   The chicken was dry and the beef kind of flavorless.  I love the teriyaki sauce better than teriyaki madness , but i feel as they are trying to save money... and its hurting the quality of their food.
Delicious! Very homely with simple dishes. Relatively priced with a good aroma. 5 stars easy.
Only reason I went here was because I'm staying at the hotel. The egg sandwich was not good. The fries were staleee. Service was not that great. \n\nIf you can avoid this place.. AVOID IT.. I didn't finish any of my food and would never come back
I Love tacos, but these tacos I could barley even swallow ! Nasty nasty nasty I was very disappointed . I will never go back .
Sadly - it closed this weekend
The Food was really really good I recommend trying it. Brittany was great waiting on us and she is very out going. I would definitely come back!
Nice menu and good service \nI recommend
Had to wait about an hour to be seated, at a table that was empty the whole time we were waiting.  The food was good, but nothing that special.  The place is pretty small, so expect a wait if you go.
All I have to say is NO. Just don't go. It's awful. A two year old could have done a better job. Tip and money hungry.
Commuter sandwich is delicious. Great coffee. Fun atmosphere with a lot to look at. Wish we lived in Phoenix so we could go more often.
Must try the creamy grits and spicy andouille sausage!  Friendly staff, comfortable, urban atmosphere - a perfect place to \"come together\".
Tried to buy a gun here but the staff could not be bothered; waited 15 minutes before being acknowledged then was told '\"it's going to be a while\" Huh? I thought the point of retail was to sell stuff?!\nHorrible service at the gun counter!
Quesa, carne burrito, pollo asado torts, very good. Excellent sides for free also. The place is clean, not really visible from the street, go behind the car wash/ gas station. Looks and tastes authentic. Limes and jalepenos are a great compliment.
Great Food, great drinks, nice atmosphere, good service open late and never a let down!!!
I love this place so much. Coffee in a bowl is the only way to roll! Not much to add to my previous review except more and more love for this place. Love you Premiere Moisson. XOXO!
If you need a plumber make sure you call these guys. Jason was on time and did a great job. Gave there number to some friends of mine same kind of service. It is good to know that there are still company's that can fix the problems with no headaches.
1 bartender 3 cooks and 1 server with 30 Customers. The food took almost one hour to come out of the kitchen. The portions were extremely small. The burger was like chewing an old shoes from the side of the highway.  you can't hardly call this place bacon bar with only a few bacon items on the menu.
The sales approach at this place is nothing short of a Used Car lot.  Three gentlemen fought over shaking my hand as I walked through the door and everything went downhill from there.
Sub par buffet with the worst service you will EVER receive....
There were few parts that I liked but I wasn't so entertained in general. Hopefully the other shows are better
Got some caps that saved our faces in Utah, but go here for good show and local advice! Very friendly crew. Wished we would have done that sooner...
Ok 10 days in and the gel looks perfect !! Except where the growth is . I'm so happy . My old (nail place ) was very crowded and the gel would peel off a nail a day or two later. I'm so glad I found this place !
Love these Amex lounges! Makes me want to have longer layovers!! Just as nice as the DFW one. Breakfast was incredible and service outstanding. The wifi internet wasn't working when we arrived but they quickly got it fixed. Easy to get over to the lounge even though we were departing out of B terminal.
the lack of specials is very disapointing. The food is awesome, and I have had some great meals there, but the prices have changed. If you want to keep up in this corporate environment, you need to compete with daily specials. DAILY.
They are very nice and did a great job :)
Bone marrow was interesting, not sure I would order it again as it tasted like eating a large chuck of fat.  The staff was very nice.
Very good sandwiches! And a lot of craft beers on tap. I came here with my friend and we ended up staying for a couple hours cuz of the beer! So if you want a a good sandwich and beer this is a great chill spot!
If you have the tasting menu, you will be absolutely stuffed when you leave. I have never had portions this large for a tasting menu. That being said, the wine pairings are the most skillful that I've ever experienced. The view is amazing, romantic and the chandelier is OMG.
Awesome yogurt bar!!!!! Put everything on it!!!!
Our family stopped here on a whim to get a snack and ordered greek fries and bruschetta. Both were generous portions and good values and so delicious we were looking forward to visiting again before finishing our food. The service was friendly, but slow due to only one server working.
Matt is an amazing associate who goes beyond the call of duty and answers every question possible. He is so willing to make your vaping experience impeccable.  There is no other place I will go now just because of the phenomenal customer service. Ask for Matt.
best casino buffet - Friday and Saturday Kobe Beef Steak and King Crab Legs
Excellent service. Really good potato skins!
Breakfast is always reliable here.  The omelets are always made just as ordered, the California Ham and Eggs has a nice big slice of ham again (got small for a while but back to size now - at a premium price too) and you can get raisin toast instead of white or wheat, a nice touch.
The hotel itself is nice but the rooms were so loud! Paper thin walls and loud maintenance crew really detracted from the quality of the stay.
Good ambiance.  Rude bartenders.  Strange mix of music.  Good patio outdoors.  If you want to go here, make sure you don't show up before midnight or you'll be bored out of your mind!  Decent scene for late night.
Bedbathandbeyond is usually my last choice when searching for home goods.  Their prices are always higher than everywhere else, sometimes laughably.  Try Home Goods, Target, Penneys, TJ Maxx, etc.  I don't find the quality to justify the prices
Great service! people are real friendly.\nAlways have my drink filled \nGreat music in background\nPlenty of TV to watch games\nManagement looks like they are involved and helping
My husband and I frequent this gelato shop and love the quality of their gelato in addition to the frequently rotating flavors. I highly recommend giving this locally owned shop a try! Plus with the great $5 for $10 yelp deal you can't go wrong! (that plus 15 cents will get you two larges)
If you go to or work at UNC Charlotte you know and love this place. Great service and good specials. Owner is actively involved and greets the regulars by name. Big fan of the chicken fingers.
Average quality. Slow service,
Overrated. Took over 30 minutes to get fajitas. No desire to return
It is a small hole in the wall kind of place. When we went in today, the place was full of people. The service was good and the waiter was quick. I would give the Place a 3.5 rating.\n\nThe vegetarian and chicken burritos we ordered were flavorful and delicious.
I remember coming here a few years ago and the food was GREAT! I recently visited this place as i was in the area and was very disappointed. The food was mediocre this time around maybe the regular cook was out... I will try this place again and hopefully it taste the same as I remember.
This is a nice hotel with extremely comfortable beds and a nice view.  However there is no parking and it cost $18 a night to park in the parking garage.  My biggest issue with the hotel was the lack of items you received for your purchase.  Just keep in mind that the price you pay gives you only a room.
I love love love my lashes.  I have been to almost every lash longe in vegas and Mia is the absolute best!!!!
Doolittles is a great franchise. While the food was great, the service not so much. Which would not have been so bad had I not lived in Fargo for a short time and visited the location there 30+ times within a nine month stretch.\n\nWill revisit the location again and hopefully have a better experience to share
Pretty fun..... I went with a couple friends that were visiting vegas. The tour guide was really funny and knowledgeable. It was very organized. There are a few stops. We went to the hoover damn which was nice. Its a good family experience if you want something to do during the day. Not very expensive either.
My ticket had the wrong gate number, and once I was figured it  out I ran across 2 terminals to get let through the doors but I was not allowed on the plane. Don't trust your ticket Gate number, I was told to 'always look on the monitors'
The taste was a 3 star, but $6.49 for a 16 oz iced vanilla soy latte? Really? Definitely minus one star for the ridiculously expensive prices. I could have gotten 2 drinks at Starbucks, and taste isn't much different either.
The free volcano show is awesome! I liked the idea of 4 typical things to make up a volcano; fire, shooting water, smoke, and lights!\n\nThe show had a great amount of time for people to enjoy! I thought it was awesome especially since I got to see the show from my hotel room.
The staff there was incredibly rude and obnoxious.  I was insulted about my bag which had nothing to do with my purchase.  I am not saying anything about the Affliction company, but I would never return to that location again.
Food was just okay. Portions were small, service was so-so. Dessert menu is just sad. Not even in the same class as Mac's. Booths are small and uncomfortable. They were out of brisket at 6:30 on a Tuesday. What's up with that?
Decent food - IF  you can Spanglish your way through ordering, and IF you actually get what you ordered. Management is POOR... don't expect a refund if they mess up your to-go order. COMPRENDE???
A good place to meet with a bunch of friends.\n\nPlenty of TV's for watching sports. \n\nThe food is decent enough.
Elephants
I stopped there yesterday and the place was empty. No sign that they moved so apparently they closed up shop. Does anyone know why?
Prices too high and service very slow. Save yourself lots of money and frustration and avoid this location. I've made the mistake of getting service here three times and always leave in a bad mood. Watch out for the aggressive up sell!
I think one time was enough for me. Poor Service always does me in. With so many other options in Vegas, why waste you time here?
Time for a review update.  This place has lost a couple of stars....there's just no excitement here.  It's just a place to grab drinks now.  You can do that anywhere in Vegas.\n\nReturn Factor - 10%
No Thanks! We will never go back. TAPA's terrible and over priced. The only reason it's a two stars because our waiter was decent and the guacamole and the drinks were okay.  I approve this message JK KUHL..
Room was spacious. Pools were beautiful. Lobby was grand. Staff were friendly and helpful.\n\nNo coffee maker in the room, though.
Believe the hype, the food is delicious! I recommend anything with bacon or the chorizo with eggs and jalepenos...YUM!  If you don't like the wait, have breakfast for lunch (its pretty easy to get in around one).
The hostess (blonde girl) was very rude so we left and went to spago next door. I posted a pic of our bill to prove it.
Excellent service and delicious food! Food is cheap to moderately priced. The restaurant has four locations in the Vegas valley, and they all have the same theme--Hawaiian fusion, with a variety of other foods. A great place for breakfast and lunch.
Great pizza.  I recommend the pepperoni roll appetizer too.
Live music, great bruschetta, great service
Love the customer service here. I work across the street so I'm in frequently. Great awesome women, they make the best drinks and know my order when I didn't even ask for it yet! Thanks ladies for making my coffee just the way I like it!
this place is awful, the food is also awful.  Noisey enviroment.  definately, i will no go back .  I wish yelp would have a spot for no stars.  I would even give one!
These guys here are awesome! They went out of their way to help make everything work great for the car hauler we needed to bring our new car we bought in Vegas, home! Very polite and hard working in the Vegas heat!
Unorganized, understaffed, over rated, enough said, we waited for over an hour for a hot dog
Passable, cheap Chinese food. I like the Kung Pao chicken, but they definitely put in too many carrots.
never again. i've given't tom's two tries - because in fairness, every place has an \"off\" night. tonight was the last time. we were there at least 25 minutes. we ordered drinks. drinks never came. we left.
Ordered onion rings and the BBQ bacon burger. Everything tasted fine but the onion rings were very doughy and soggy with little flavor. Same with the fries the past 3 times I've been. Staff meets standards but don't go above and beyond to connect with guests. It was a decent experience.
The food is tied for best breakfast with another place I like to eat.  I had breakfast, and ate the Killer Scramble and Sweet Ginger Crepes.  It was so good, and the temperature of the food was perfect.  I am so happy I ate there.
The food was bland, and sometime tasteless. I went there a couple of time to check on both lunch and dinner but left unsatisfied. \n\nThe sushi was mediocre and the crab wasn't that fresh. \n\nGo some place else yelpers.
Horrible food, horrible service. Can't believe this place is still in business! With all of the amazing sushi places in town, why would anyone come here more than once? Do yourself a favor and drive five more minutes to Ohjah on Decatur. Don't waste your money.
CLT\n  Depends on your carrier but there is some nice food options. It's been upgraded recently, funny the best food is on the domestic piers and the international piers have the least to offer. The First Flight Sushi is great, US has two lounges B and C
Risotto  salty but got it taken off with the scallops. Halibut was dry. Nice setting but the place is overpriced and the food we ordered was not great.
Quaint coffee joint, my iced latte' was fine, but the barista BANGING metal to metal to dislodge the grinds, gets old very quickly.  There is a better way to do that, and one more conducive to a relaxing environment.
No Messing around, these guys did an outstanding job at my daughters apartment. They took their time and worked out the stains. Excellent service,  I would recommend them to all my friends.
Went to Ciro's for lunch and ordered the fresh mussel appetizer with the white wine sauce. It was pretty good. The muscles were small, which I like and none of them were bad. The sauce was tasty, but nothing spectacular. I'd be willing to go back.
It was cheap but definitely not worth the 30 minute wait. In fact, it would not have been worth any wait.  Steak was fat and grissely and the baked potato was under-cooked.  Wish I had spent more and went elsewhere.
Not a good place. WAY over proceed for what it is, just a COMPLETE waste of time. Just go ANYWHERE else
Good breakfast but I think tables need to be a little bigger since foods are served in big plates .. But Keep it up !!
I'm prejudice against chains already but I just don't understand how this place stays busy.  The pizza dough is literally the old Pizza Hut pan pizza recipe.  It's expensive and nasty.
I really didn't get into Sushi until a few years ago.  I've tried a few places around Phoenix and Stingray has been consistently the best! Their fish appears and tastes fresher than other sushi bars.  The Staff at the Biltmore location has always been courteous and genuinely nice.  Great for happy hour!!!!
I had the brisket which had very little flavor and was not tender at all. I fact the meat was chewy. Very disappointed!!! The table behind me had ribs and complained that they were not even warm and were tough. The sides were okay....i will not be back anytime soon.
Here we have one of my Favorite, probably most favorite places to get Pizza!  The dinning room is comfortable and the service is relaxed and friendly.  The Salad Dressing is very good!
I'm not a huge fan of their pizza and wings, but they are the best choice out here and have decent prices. I will say I have had their steak sandwich before and it was AMAZING! I am exciting to try the rest of the menu.
Great food. Average service. A bit overpriced. Worth it when you want quality Chinese food.
This is the BEST breakfast place in Madison, nay, the world. Try the 49'er pancakes and you'll never go back to regular ones. \n\nMy family eats there every weekend!
Love my lashes! Always great deals!  Best of Las Vegas! Beautiful and relaxing,  love the reminder text's! Girls are super sweet!
This place is a great find for eating healthy. The veggie burger is a must try!
Got my fingerprints done here for my IVP card and will come back to do all my shipping, since Mike (the owner) made it simple, easy, and even fun. He is very knowledgeable and friendly....Great Place of Business :)
yep. tons of feta on the feta gyro hides the fact the meat is missing. \n\nweak.\n\ntry king gyros on 43rd/tbird. little out of the way, but way better and you wont leave hungry.
Yes! Yogurtology rocks....yummy good.
I came here before the Giants/Dbacks Opening Day game and ordered the iced hazelnut latte. The latte was good but not the best I've had. I would come back if I'm in the area in the near future.
This place has a very pleasant environment. Lots of TV's.  Patio area is very well connected to the inside of the restaurant. Service is good but the best of all is the food.  Every dish I order is good and for appetizer the fried caramelized brusselsprouts are the best.
2nd time here with my family. The food is excellent. Being born and raised in Chicago I am so happy to have found the taste of home where I now live. Don't pass this place by if you want a great meal.
Had a gyro, and is one of the best ones I've ever had. I'm from Chicago so I'm critical when it comes to gyros, beefs, pizza and hot dogs. Still have to try the other foods here though.
I'm a realtor and my client bought a property and didn't receive the key. I called this company and they showed up right away, opened it up and rekeyed the lock. 5 stars!
the soup great as well as the sandwiches !
Great food horrible service :/ be prepared to wait 30 minutes for a drink order! After waiting another 20 minutes we found out our order wasn't even getting cooked?! Wow. Ordered my own water at the bar. Ridiculous! Never coming back!
Most of the dishes are great,!! But I agree w/ Henri T, Radio Milano is a bit overrated (service and food) and frankly, a bit over priced. \nThe atmosphere is very cool and fun for groups. \n\nBon Appetite!
I had a great dinner here on a night when I had a serious noodle soup craving. Everyone I went with loved their meal as well. The papaya salad is fantastic! It's full of herbs and a really sweet dressing. I might make this my new Sunday night dinner spot. The atmosphere is also really unique.
This place should be leveled. I can see why who ever owns it does not do any improvements, It is pretty much ghetto with a capital G!
Unbelievable,  these people are 30 minutes late and I am their 3rd patient of the day!!  Really?!
Stopped here after dinner for desert. Had the brownie sundae. Brownie was warm and chocolate sauce was sweet but not syrupy. Waitress was courteous and efficient.
just wasn't impressed.  i had heard good things about harlows but the food was not noteworthy, the prices werent' great for what you got and the waitress was a little rude
The other StarBucks inside the FoodCourt has better customer service lol fyi (MGM Resorts employees get 15% off and 25% on Wed just show your employees I.D.)
Really like this place! Great selection, staff know their beer, prices are better than some other local bottle shops. Love the old building, too.
iT'S  OKAY. We did not buy anything due to the long lines! What a waste of time!  Not a good shoe selection!
Wait was too long for a table so we had to order at the window.  The sundae was really good, but a bit smaller than I expected for the price.  I guess I will have to wait for next time I return to NYC for the original Serendipity for the true test.  A bit disappointed, but life goes on!
Food quality is good but it's way overpriced. He wouldn't sell a thing at these prices in Israel.
Had their ngohiong and steamed rice for take out! It may not have tasted exactly like my childhood favorites, but they were close and delicious enough to bring me home and have me wanting more!
Pretty good prices on drinks but have never had their food.
Okay food. If you go at lunch, prepare to wait a long time for your food. If you have the time, the chicken fajitas are pretty good (although it's like pulling teeth if you want more than two tortillas for a huge plate of veggies and a couple chunks of meat).
We had dinner here last night. The food was excellent and the service was out of this world. Our server was prompt, courteous, and funny. Our drinks, appetizers and entrees were out quick and piping hot. Lots of attention to detail. Overall a great experience!
Good price range. Lots of cute accessories. I probably spend way too much time in here. I think the best idea would be to shop for a specific outfit like one you just bought because it narrows down the options. I found one sales person helpful, he showed me a few different things. I don't remember anyone else that worked there.
Latte wasn't very good. The milk was well made, not over heated, but the coffee it was made from was not robust or fresh tasting.
This place just plain smells....and not of things that make you want to enjoy your meal... eww just thinking about it makes me gag.
You should never take any computers to be fixed here. They have the poorest customer serveice and they don't do repairs on time. This is not a good business if you work from home with your Mac as I do.
If this is weird, then give me more.  The best in the business.  Now i'll probably never be able to get another appointment because she will be booked solid.
Decent Acai bowl at a reasonable price. Very minimalist decor.  Somewhat of a wait for our stuff.
As soon as I get off the plane I go straight here for a pizza slice. Best pizza slice ever. When I'm not in Vegas I dream about going back just for the pizza.
Typical Mexican chain restaurant. Lots of salt, cheese, and carbs (oversized burritos, chips & salsa, rice, etc.).  Too many places like this in the Valley.
Love the sand! Very much like a real beach, great for the kids.
Worst service I've ever got. Waited 30 min to sit with no line another 20 to get our menu's ordered drinks and food, while eating I swear on my life a roach ran across the floor and by the time we finished our meals our  drinks came, I wish I was making this stuff up, worst place ever!
I have eaten here many times and they deserve a review!  These are the beat noodles in Vegas.  I get the soft noodles with chicken and it is always fantastic!  The service is great but the ambience is less then desirable. It isn't a date place but a great lunch or late night snack.
I love this place! Music is great and the artists all provide endless hours of entertainment and fun.
I have eaten there many times and find it to be a ok dinning experience, It is really just a higher class of Denny's with a much larger menu . we find the food to be generally bland and not all that well presented. However the portions are large and the staff very friendly and well trained .
This place is attractive, has great service and delicious food! Not generic, canned stuff, but real yummy Italian American cuisine. Casual, too
I give 2.5 stars because I *did* find a dead body floating in it once.\nNow, everytime I walk along TTL, I look for dead bodies.
Easy to find because it is a stand alone location. I found the seating to be open and great for a large group at this location. As always the food was delicious and the food came quickly. The service is also wonderful. We were quickly seated and our orders were placed. I will definetely be returning
Will not be doing any business with them if I can help it.  Was just cold called about their 'exciting plans' to my cell phone.
Had the Mesa Burger: burger was good but nothing earth-shattering good.  I did like the horseradish mustard to dip my fries in.
I found this dentist about 2 yrs ago. He is a great dentist - a nice guy - and good conversation between numbing and drilling (lol).
No complaints! My carne asada burrito hit the spot and it's really close to my work! I will definitely be back with my work friend Melissa. The prices can't be beat!
The veal tartar was off the hook and the service was really good.  Great wine selection as well.  If you find yourself in Montreal this will be a wonderful treat.
Very good authentic mexican food. Great salsa bar. Very good prices.
Really Nice\n\nReally nice, properly clean & maintained.\n\nThe only complaint that I have is in regards to the security \"guard\".  When you see people tripping and fumbling over their luggage, it would be nice of you to help them with the door instead of just watching them.
Excellent quality.  We ordered the half chicken and chicken soup.  Everything was very flavorful and fresh.  A nice little place.  Recommended!
Great customer service! Food tasted great. I would've given 5 stars except the charge extra for more rice and the lumpia is overpriced.
There is no more prime rib. According to the waitress, they changed menu three months ago. It's now a burger and hotdog joint. $7.99 burger doesn't even come with fries.
I love how I can order half rolls off of the all-you-can-eat sushi menu. All the staff members there are super friendly. :)
This is obviously one of my regular hangouts. It's close to home, so it's my favorite late night spot. Excellent service & food. My favorite server is Christy, who is super sweet & beautiful.  My favorite bartenders are Brady & Alex. Prices are reasonable & they have a great happy hour!
Good place to grab a quick, late night snack after a night of gambling into the wee hours\n\nBuffalo wings were above average\nWonton soup was surprisingly good, almost authentic\nService was friendly and quick
Simply the best Sushi, been coming here for years.  The staff is always Awesome, and take great care of you. No question it's our family favorite place for all occasions.
I always judge a mexican place by their Burritos.  This is a very common staple in mexican cuisine and every place usually makes them. The burritos here were ok. So were the tacos just ok. I maybe need to try something else here, for now it's ok.
Everything was GREAT!!!\nI love the origional recipe fried chicken and biscuits!
Love this place!!!!\nAwesome atmosphere great for the kids and as far as the food goes I love the giant shrimp basket and the farm burger. Gives you feeling of being out in the country even though your surrounded by sub divisions and freeways
This condo/hotel is okay. Pros: each room has it's own balcony. Con: it's a far ass walk to MGM
Awesome, somewhat hidden gem in north scottsdale. Great, unique menu with many options. The vibe is always lively here and the place is usually loud and busy-- which i like.
Ok all the bags have discount 20-30% and then + 50%! Is that awesome?
We love Taiko!  Maggie and Toshi are wonderful, and the sushi is absolutely top notch.  We love the Arizona Roll and the Hot & Happy Roll.  Stop in and see them - you won't be sorry!
AWESOME local breakfast place. get the eggs, really and make sure you get the muffin instead of toast AMAZING.\nBig portions and great service, will be back.
Family owned business. They are all so welcoming and hospitable. It's not some super fancy nail salon, more your typical neighborhood one with all the regulars. Keeps me coming back time after time
The best banana Nut bread Ive ever had!!! I live in LA and I'd drive here for the day just to get some bread and mimosas !! Along w more amazing good food ! Nicole is an Amazing server !!! So sweet and patient. With a smile !! Good service ! Love this place
I was referred to Edward by a friend when looking for a dependable and trustworthy cleaner. I was SO impressed by Edwards work; very detail oriented, punctual, and friendly! I will definitely be recommending him to my friends and family!
Went here for a birthday party in which my classmates rented out the whole place.  This place has awesome decor and im happy with the location.  I wish Phoenix had more original bars like this.  The food was tasty, the cocktails outstanding, and the beer service was good.
The restaurant is out of business.
Just because you might not speak English they talk crap about you behind your back. ..nada Buenos!
The food was great, the wait staff was constantly coming around to see if you needed anything, it was clean... Just make sure to be ok to wait in line because the place can get busy :)
Very, very overprice, food was ok. Waiter service is ok.
I heard great things about this place, which is why I was really looking forward to it.  Not sure if I hit them on an off night, but the sushi was not good.  I sure hope this isn't the best sushi in Pittsburgh.  Didn't care for the atmoshphere...kind of dingy.
Came here on a Monday at 4pm, place was graveyard and seemed dirty. Service mediocre as was the burger, then had a rotten French Fry and lost my appetite. Wanted to try something new, which was a mistake, will never spend my hard earned money here again!!
I love the new setup of Carson Street Deli.  New bar seating.  More table seating.  Excellent selection of craft beers.   Excellent menu and sandwiches.  The Reuben that I had today was very good but Szmidt's Old World Deli in Greenfield is better if you are judging on the sandwich alone.
Average quality food and drinks with premium prices. Pretty much like visiting a Starbucks that offers gelato.
This was our first time here and the food was delicious! Everyone found something to suit them. Overall, the food was great, the restaurant is clean, and they were very helpful!
Had a pleasant dinner here very unexpected. We dropped in taking a chance on some good Italian food and we were not disappointed. The place is old school, traditional mafioso Italian. Food was reasonably priced and good,  service very prompt, and atmosphere - fun.
The manager has contacted me after the weekend and refunded the tip plus an additional credit. So I was pleased with the way the management handled the situation. Thank you for taking care of this!
Went this afternoon with about 15 of my co workers. Lots of great food and drinks to go around. I had a chicken salad that was great ! and the assorted dishes around the table all looked fantastic. The service was excellent as was the atmosphere. I will be back with my wife.
I'm originally from Southern California where you can get some GREAT tacos - This place reminds me of all the great tacos along the beach area in So Cal.  Highly recommend it - some of the best tacos in Vegas.  I've tried every taco on the menu - all fantastic!
This Walmart on the weekends in the afternoon gets very busy and the cashiers are very slow and with no self check outs it makes for a long wait. Overall it's a decent Walmart
Now, I'm all for the second amendment,but at this moment there is a guy throwing back the beer while open carrying a firearm.im glad chilis supports the second amendment,but serving booze to someone open carrying a firearm is stupid on both parties sides.
Just went on this past Sunday.....my brother has been wanting to take me and my mom there.....LOVED IT.....wonderful food and wonderful service.....\n\ncan't wait to go back for more.....
Hands down best hole in the wall for burgers! Their fries and made exactly the way I like them. Good customer service :)
yelp to the rescue again!  I was looking for a not overly priced place to get a warm lunch while visiting montreal, and stumbled on this gem.  delicious hearty crepes and good service at a very reasonable price.  great place to take in a rainy day.
I hate myself every time I wind up shopping here. Having to lock up my purse, indifferent staff, high prices....  plus they carry very little sterling and charge through the nose for what they do have.
Meh. I was unimpressed.
Great food! I've had the breakfast chorizo burrito and their tuna salad sandwich, both of which were incredibly good. The prices aren't that bad either especially for the great quality of the meal. Really fun environment, super busy on weekends though especially Sundays. Worth the wait though!
Eaten here several times. Each time we have been pleased with the food. The Tuscan harvest salad is delicious. The waiters & waitresses are average and at times irritating due to lack of experience, poor serving and not checking on you. I would recommend this place to my friends and family. Just wish the service was better
A Scottish restaurant in a very grand setting in the centre of town. The food is lovely, but it can be a little rich at times, and the service can be a little slow. A good place to take someonne you'd like to impress, though, and it's not ridiculously expensive.
Cool atmosphere but you pay for it. Decent bar with decent bar food but slightly over priced IMO. Solid beer selection and the whole downtown Chandler scene is growing on me. If you make a night of it in downtown Chandler this place deserves to be a stop on your tour.
True Japanese food! Very fresh fish and authentic preparation. Will definitely do well, I know I'll be back!
This is my spot, I usually get the \"OG\" or the \"Californian\" if I'm trying to be a little more healthy. Great people and great service.
Always fresh and good food. Good place when need food n less money to spend!
Tacos are good but they out lots of guacamole. ths the only downside i found. the place is your average taqueria. Staff is friendly. Not my favorite taco place, though!n
I was there for one week business conference.\nBad air quality in the room, and unreliable plumbing....\nLooks like the building is still not yet complete.\n\nOf course, the TV and the light dimmer obviously did not work.
I had a wonderful experience. Shannon was friendly and was great to chat with while doing my hair. She gave great style advice and gave me exactly what I wanted. The atmosphere was amazing in the salon. Being new to the area, I struggled with finding someone I trusted. I will definitely return to the salon!
Solid four.  I can't believe I lived across the street in college and never went.  Breakfast is yummy.  I'm a chicken strip connoisseur and Chompie's a terrific.
Very tasty and genuine Chinese food, love the spicy & sour noodles! Also, the make skin, beef pan cake, gyoza are also very good.
Great for a quick bite. Food is fresh, bar is stocked. Device feels family owned.
I love love love my new iron gate that they customized for us! Their service is great and did an awesome job installing our gate! It's truly a work of art! I will highly recommend them!
I understand that you pay for what you get... But I just paid $34 for a large pizza with 4 toppings... ONE PIZZA! With 4 vegetables!!! Not worth the price at all!
Not a treasure at treasure island!  Just\nNot impressed compared to other casinos.  This review is based strictly on the casino.  More of a smoke smell\nThan other casinos.
Didn't see too much in particular that I loved about this place. It is very small, and is truly a \"grab and go\" kind of place amongst the shops in Uptown. Considering all of the other coffee shops in the area you can find, I would probably skip here and go somewhere else.
South Point is definitely one of my favorite movie theater in Las Vegas.  The location of the theater is great seeing that I live a few blocks away but I also like that there is never really long lines or a wait, the transition from ticket booth to concession stand to theaters is smooth and stress free getting you in the right mood to catch a flick.
This place blows! I'm still trying to figure out how a place can ruin something you dip in melted butter...but these guys were able to manage it.
slowest drive thru known to man. Never fails this place will always have you waiting ! It should be classified Food not Fast Food !
Loud, leaking faucet. Lightbulbs out in bedroom. Peep glass in door broken. Just an old Embassy Suites type hotel at a higher rate. I'll stay a\nMarriott gal.
Why do people bring their family to Las Vegas? IT IS NOT a family oriented vacation spot!\n\nSirens of TI was littered with innuendos.  The show was alright.  Then again, it is vegas, land of loose women and newbs to get their kick off in their entertainment career, no?
Great place to come and shoot in A/C controlled ranges.  If your a member you usu don't have to wait.  Ask for Robert, very helpful and knowledgeable.  I've taken ccw and Defensive shotgun classes here.
Never a disappointment,,,, Oysters a various selection,,, tuna tartar  plenty and good!!! Fried calamari needs some improvement... I shall return!!!!
Always enjoyed the Farmer Boys from California. Never disappointing. Great burgers. Nice decor inside.
getting dirty in old town vegas...\nsmoky but old school vegas - lots of fun - the one and only golden nugget!!
I've gone here a few times.  The staff is awesome and the atmosphere is great.  My nails in other words, SUCKED.  Sadly, I won't be returning due to how my gel nail color started peeling off within ONE week. Waste of $.
Love this place, I get the chicken tacos every time.  Rice and beans are great, and the hot sauce is homemade.
Best porn shop around. Visit the glory hole for a surprise!
This place is amazing. I had my samoyed boarded there for two nights and I picked him up today- he was so happy and well exercised and clean! The employees are so nice and really seemed to enjoy my dog. I would definitely board here again.
Coffee is way above par. The service can change your day from bad to amazing in the matter of seconds. Finally a drive thru without the blaring music and the knowledge of what a bad shot of espresso looks and taste like. Thank you. In my book you are a 10.
The Room we sat in had the beautiful artwork. The food was great as was a wonderful Spanish wine that was inexpensive on an expansive and expensive list.
Ordered for carry out and we were overcharged.  We were told we needed a coupon.  Don't trust their invoices. Go elsewhere.  The pizza will be better too.
Came here after dropping by a target hoping the drinks would quench of thirst. Well.. just don't do it.\n\nThe teas tasted super artificial and was overly sweet.
Check your bread out.  It's not very good anymore.  Too cheap or bad baker.
This place is awesome! I always go here because it's just down the street from work and I have never had a bad meal. It is a little pricey though.
Seated quickly, order handled efficiently. Staff brisk but moving many people through! Would eat here again! Pot stickers homemade and grilled to perfection.
Service was very slow. Restaurant wasn't very clean. 2 people sitting in the lobby and lots of dirty tables.. One of the employees kids came in and took over the place crawling on everything and was very disruptive. The fool was awesome and the staff was friendly.
One word: Bacado.  Bacon, avocado and cheese in an omelet.  Seems common place, but no other restaurant does it so well.\n\nBreakfast and brunch only.
Not good. Threw away everything I bought. Blech. :-(
I probably had the worst Thai Green Curry of all my life there today. It was watery and tasteless. A pity!
very expensive...after 6 dishes (between 2 people) we were still hungry and went to cabo wabo for fish tacos. Fish tacos at cabo wabo: $12, dinner at Jaleo: $145. You do the math.
Smelly, hot and miserable. Hotwire said this was a 4.5 star hotel- HA! What a lie?! They were seriously people protesting the awful health codes in this place. AVOID.
We love this place! It's the only Chinese food we eat. The orange chicken and dried beef chow fun can't be beat. The fried rice is delicious. Prices are great and the staff are really nice, especially to kids.
Our waiter is the self proclaimed Sheriff of Flavorland!  He did a great job. The Tatted Turkey Burger was delicious. The fries were a new experience with a variety of cuts and seasoning in the same basket. Also delicious!
Unlike Waverley, Haymarket has fewer shops, fewer tourists, fewer platforms, and seemingly fewer trains.\n\nI dunno. It's a station, isn't it? As far as I'm concerned a railway station gets 3 stars for having rails in and rails out. Haymarket has seemingly little more than this.
Stopped at the location inside the Mirage for cocktails in the late afternoon and I have to say I had never had a better martini. The girls working at the bar were exceptionally nice and it was much needed to get off the casino floor and sit back and relax for a bit. I don't remember it being too pricey either.
Had major surgery and been without most of my prescriptions for 4 days including my blood clot medication and my Pain pills. Terrible service. Picking up my prescriptions today and going to CVS.
Overall, not very impressed. The previous strip location had so much more to offer and it was a letdown to see how very little this new location had. The prices for all the games also seemed quite unreasonable and it was even more disappointing when almost half of the games were down for maintenance.
Great massage, great price. One of the best massages I've had. I had Judy, very nice, asked what degree of massage I liked.
Great Grub.  Blue Cheese burger is fabulous.  Perfect spot to people watch on a nice evening.  Don't forget to try the deep fried pickles!
Not bad but def not great. My pho was a bit salty. Nice place though, great service.
i usually order the skirt steak with fries.  it's usually good but once in a while the meat is lower quality.  the chimichurri is fantastic and the local beer is good.
So... The food was okay but the place was gross and cheesy (in a bad way).the floor was dusty and dirty which made me wonder what is like where I can see. I won't be coming back.
We enjoy this place alot...however we recently went to enjoy the live entertainment on the patio and found out that they allow smoking and left ALOT sooner than we wanted to....I thought there was a law :(
Little over priced but service and food were good.
Cool place to chill and have a few drinks and food.
Dark handsome atmosphere. The petite filet was good. The bone in ribeye was cut too thin and was rather bland. The accompanying vegetables were only average. My martini was only average. The wine list is typical distributor's list, full of over priced wines, but a few decent bottles if you hunt. Service is fine.
I love stopping here for the Studio B Buffet! \n\nHotel is very clean and i am looking forward to one day staying here at their resort. They have a cute cupcake shop and a Hash House A Go Go as well.
I don't know what these people are talking about the place was very dirty and the people there weren't that nice what it looks like on the outside is about what it is on the inside not a very courteous and kind of place
Best Hawaiin Burger I've had in a long time.  My friend really liked his salad also.  Prices good for the area.  Fast enough for lunch.
Nice Italian restaurant. Never have had any issues with service. Wait isn't usually long. Food is pretty good.
An Italian dive on Stanley St. In Montreal. Will let you know how that goes. The pizza is cooked in a \"wood oven\" and just arrived and looks pretty damn fine. The pizza was good but not great. Returned a week later to have Veal Limonene, but that was disappointing.
An airport with slot machines in Vegas, go figure.  My trip was painless through here but there were a lot of people trying to get their luggage despite that we arrived in the middle of the night.  But over all... no problems to report.
Great establishment for a fantastic burger. I have only come once, but it was enough to leave an impact on me that I will come back for sure. My burger was cooked just how I like it and I didn't have to wait forever. The service was very good and everyone was friendly.
Service was amazing-- that's were it ended.  See my tip about the food. When I got home,  I painted the toilet for over an hour!  Nuff said, right?
Service sucks. They are always messing up orders and are rude to customers. One of their workers was just yelling at a kid for bringing in his skateboard and told him to have consideration. So rude and unprofessional.
Crazy hard to get a table at this location, but it still wins my vote for best pizza ever! I wouldn't mind a few more choices because I've had everything on the menu several times now. The service and food here are consistently exceptional, which keeps me coming back time and time again!
I was there Sunday night around 12 the place was almost empty few people I order Chicken wings and wait 40 minutes to the wings came out   And the service slow and I don't wait cuz the place was empty.
Nordstrom Cafe is good food during a long day of shopping. The food is good and of course you pay for the convenience and location. Frankly, the food and style of dining is very comparable to dining at Paradise Bakery downstairs.
I loved how every employee was so friendly, helpful, and attentive! The food and service was great, but the portions for the breakfast special seemed a bit small. I would have enjoyed a little more on my plate.
Great food, pleasant service and very fresh weekend buffet with a wide selection of choices. The carrot dessert is insane. And they're very nice to kids here.
I will recommend this to anyone who wants a familiar taste and a break from big portioned Las Vegas food and buffet...
Just brought my daughter for the very first time! I loved it. We was treated vey nice and the jobs was just incredible! Will deff be coming back soon!
This place was a mess due to remodel. We opted to leave and eat at Flemings instead. They really should just close and complete the remodel.
Good for a cheap date. Food is okay, service is good!
Yum. Really yummy food and it's open late too! Staff is super sweet and welcoming and the menu is enormous.
$47 dollars for 2 people, you would think the food is good. This crap was nasty. The only foods that were decent was the little fried shrimp and the ice cream. What a waste of money and time. Never again and why was it so much dessert, but hardly anything else?
My husband and I always enjoy Hef's. The atmosphere is cozy, yet usually hopping and exciting. The clientele is usually quite diverse. Their fried tomatoes are delicious and the drinks are good. Great neighborhood bar.
Been  to lots of imaging facilities and I can say without a doubt this is the best. Never had to wait over 10 minutes for a walk in or an appointment. Staff is polite, friendly and professional and answered all my questions.
Pretty good place. Tasted fresh. I wish the shrimp ceviche was a bit more limey, and spicier. They are also kinda stingy on the toastadas lol, I had to end up using crackers to eat my shrimp . Fish tacos were really good as well. Overall, I will come back again.
We placed a order for delivery in the downtown area and the food arrived incredibly fast. Tasted fresh and our office couldn't be more pleased. Very glad to see Jimmy Johns in the downtown area!
Had to check this place out because of the amazing smell! Great place to eat in the MGM Grand with out breaking the bank!
Came highly recommended, but we were disappointed. I had the duck, which was fairly tasty, but tough. My wife had the veal, which was ok, but nothing to rave about. Expensive for the quality of food. Service was acceptable, but nothing special. Maybe our expectations were just too high.
Received food poisoning from eating sashimi.  Be careful!  Don't be afraid to ask if the sushi is more than 24 hours old.
My wife and I enjoyed dinner with a friend while on vacation.  Great server who shared some personal things and had a real POV on the menu...love that.\n\nTried a variety of things...all great.  Lagunitas IPA on tap and enjoyable wines.
I was disgusted this morning to drive by and see a Whole Foods being put in this center just down the way from Trader Joe's.  Shame on Town & Country for even allowing this and shame on Whole Foods for such an underhanded move.  Wrong.
Pizza is too expensive and doesn't taste like anything special. A tiny piece of tiramisu was close to $7 and doesn't even taste that good. The tiramsu at Carrabba's is cheaper. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
Good pasta dishes, pizzas and sandwiches.  Nice deli selections.  Service is friendly.  Casual ambience.  Portions are large so prices are cheap for all you get to eat and take home.  Seating is public so noisy at times.
The music is good; nice mix throughout the night. The dance floor is a little small, but you can walk around outside and gaze at the awesome waterfall in the background.
It took forever to get our order than when we finally got our food it had a piece of hair in it which was pretty gross! So for you people eating here you should really look at your food before you eat...
What's up with the people who work here? Are you guys mad that you're not in the Islands right now having REAL spam musubi and loco mocos? Deng. Service with a frown. At least I got a Non-enthusiastic \"have a good day\"
Great haircut, fun guys working there, and a very good price. Ruben is awesome and did a phenomenal job with my hair and with the shave.\n\nI will 100% be back.
Could have been so much better. Prices were not unreasonable for strip . Good was average, drinks were exceptional!  They could at least turn up the music.  A little disappointed .
This is hands down the best Sushi in Scottsdale!!! I've been to several, and though some other places may have great lunch and happy hour prices....they don't come anywhere close to Mo's place! \nThe fish is so fresh and Mo is awesome, meticulous, and fun!
I got the Oregon Trail and Tater Tots.  Not impressed.  Flavorless Bison Burger.  Mushy Bun.  Overwhelmed by the garlic in the aioli.  And expensive.  Not worth the money or time.
Have been there 3 times. They have not gotten my order right once! The food is ok if they would get my order right. I doubt I go back again. If you get any extra condiments on your sandwich they tend to drench the sandwich and makes for a messy meal!
Great flavorful food and kind friendly service.  Definitely coming back to try out more dishes.
24hr Quick Mexican food??? How can you go wrong?! Think out side the box and try something you haven't before. I went for the Arizona Burrito. It was well made, great tortilla and held together until the end. Right down the street from me, I will be back!!!
Poor service\nMgr would not accept criticism when told  waiter to charge for bad order\n\nGood food...bad attitude\n\nNeeds service improvement
Eh, it was okay. I'll admit it, I bought into the hype.\nPerhaps it was simply this location though, the person who brought me said the Rainbow Blvd. location he first visited, was better.
Atmosphere was great.. Worth admission costs for seating, sound, etc. But parking and traffic is horrible and 13 dollars for a beer.. 6 dollars for a bag of peanuts.. Way overpriced..
Great bagels, great sandwiches (Boars Head),  for a great price. Plus they deliver. I can't ask for much more.
We had a groupon which we used 2 days ago... Fantastic food and wine choices here.  They have outside tables but it is too loud out there because it overlooks the strip, can't hear yourself talk.
Definitely a good place to get drunk food.. I like the fire-pit side.
Great produce if looking for normal stuff, the deli and meat counter are great. Good sales on ribs all the time... Other than that it's one of those stores that you go too if you have just a few things to buy. The prices are hiked up a bit but not too bad.
I ordered delivery a few months ago. Their sandwich and fries were good but the pizza was COMPLETELY BURNT TO THE PINT WHERE IT WAS INEDIBLE.
This is a good mid-level hotel and casino. The pyramid rooms are old but you get what you pay for. Location is good. You can easily walk to Mandalay Bay which is a nicer casino.
Meh.. For the price, I expected a lot better. I still stuffed my face though. Cuz, well, you know, it's buffet..
The servings were huge; well worth the already affordable price! I went with my family, and we had a really nice server that helped us. Plus, they had hilarious signs hanging from the ceiling. This is a great place to eat with friends or family.
2 stars 2 words. Cold food!\nYuck that's a HUGE turn off. It was old and dry chicken also.
The Front Desk was less than helpful :(.  Much rather spend my money at a hotel that actually cares about their guests.
We ordered delivery and was greatly disappointed! Chicken fingers were horrible and my Philly steak was soggy and nasty.  When I called back to complain staff was very rude and said no one ever complains and that is what a Philly is.  She was a major bitch and has no idea what customer service is.  I hope they are out of business soon!
In a convient location for me between work and home.   Store is easy to get around, and find whatever you are looking for.  The store staff seems to be helpful the times I have came in.  I prefer the home depot up the road off of ray just because the staff is more knowledgeable, and have been more helpful to myself.
Pho soup was really good..  Service is okay but far from the best.  I would go with the pho or the wonton soup.
The Chinese broccoli was the best dish we had there, but steep at 11 dollars a plate.  Just your average Vietnamese place with poor service.
Cracker Barrel has some great food at reasonable prices.  \n\nIf you are used to southern cooking like I am ( My Grandma ) then this is the place for you.  I love their Chicken N Dumplins !\n\nYou can not go wrong at Cracker Barrel.  Yes, I'm a fan !
Filthy, roach infested. Food will make you severely Sick. Mold throughout! Stay clear of this dump!
Love this place. Had to get used to the new management team. My wife and myself make an effort to come once week.  In my eye its a little pricey.  Over all worth the money. Its about $9 a person.
One star because the brunch is do-able with the DONUTS!!! But otherwise, forgettable....and quite regrettable.
I found comfort and refuge here while living in las vegas.  I thought the food was good and the prices were reasonable for the quality.  Not far from the strip.
I've seen 2 shows here, 1 at Body English & 1 at The Joint. I had a great time at both.
We have two larger dogs and a cat which have been given good care over the years here. This place doesn't seem to do too much thats unneccessary, and not much upselling when you go in. Caring staff.
I'm not a religious person but this church is simply AMAZING and BEAUTIFUL.  The building is in old Montreal where it is historic.  \n\nThis is a must see in Montreal.
This buffet was disgusting. I have never wasted so much food in my life. Everything was very bland. Flavorless. Even the desserts were a huge let down. A bunch of nasty cupcakes and flan that tasted like nothing at all. Don't waste your money here.
I was impressed by the selection of seed beads, the condition they're in... Just wow.\nThere's a .99\u00a2 grab bag display that had some neat stuff in there.\nMore beads for less than hobby lobby or michaels!
We had a great meal and Sarah our server was the best...we ended up here because it was cold and rainy and we didn't want to eat in a smoke filled restaurant...in one of the casinos , the service was great as was the food, quick and well prepared...
Wow, the food is amazing, the service great.   Very imaginative options to customize your burger including homemade sauces you won't find anywhere else.  The bar is good but I wouldn't mind seeing a Pub Ale on tap.  You won't walk away without a smile on your face.
Went there today at 3 and they were closed!
the service was laid back yet professional. the appetizers (oysters, blue corn pancake, and shrimp tamale) were great. my venison was tender and tasty. much better experience after a dismal night at b&b.
A good place to go if you want to get away from tourists in the old montreal area. It has vegetarian food with is definitely a plus. Also the music is good.
Simply Amazing... no words to describe how incredible the food is.  Tikka Masala is to die for.  The service was great, too.  They were all very friendly and overall it was a great experience!
Best Mexican food I have found in years. Salsa and chips are excellent. I go at least once a week. Great carnitas, carne asada.
Too bad we don't have this place in LA. Much better than the big chain smoothie joint we have here.
Avoid at all costs. I've been to tons of Sbarro's in my lifetime, but this one's pizza is uneatable. I tried to eat it after a night on the town and it was pretty gross. Sorry guys just go to McDonald's.
Was not impressed.  Server was rushed. Food was low budget.  Tasted like instant potatoes.  Waitress admitted the Green beans were canned.  Peas in chicken pot pie were canned as well.  Have had much better experience at their ST George location.
They delivered late which was great as an alternative to Sushi Express but the texture of their sushi was a little off. To mushy to be able to taste the different parts of the roll. Not bad for delivery at 11pm but certainly not as good as my go to, sushi express.
We were invited here with some friends and the food and drinks and service were alright.They were not terrible, but not worth going back for. Just very cheesy and greasy and I am sure a fat and calorie bomb!
Dr. Wang rocks!! He was professional, caring, educated and took his time to talk to me in regards to my eye problem--clogged ducts.
What a wonderful Firm of lawyers!  Very professional and helpful always.  I would recommend any of them to those in need of a reputable lawyer and a professional office.  I have found over the years that they CARE about their clients!
Review Soon To Be Posted............
Great business! Mayo is great!!! She treated my husband and within a few days she even sent him a letter letting him know what she thinks is the best treatment for his aches and pains.
Right after I posted my review, someone from the restaurant contacted me. Super professional, apologized for the noisiness, acknowledged it was an issue and thanked me for my review. I don't know why, but that just totally impresses me. Will definitely go back!
Awesome!  You have to do this at night. The lights are spectacular and the view is amazing.  We were at the very top when the Bellagio water show started -amazing!
Great place for a simple bagel and cream cheese or yummy lunch sandwich! Great food!
A very friendly vet clinic in a convenient location!
Poor gym with poor lack of customer service.
Went for lunch. It was awful.
What Vegas was missing! The service was spectacular and the menu smoothies amazing!
Fun bartenders who made us laugh! gREaT corn on the cob, but wait staff can be slow and there is always a problem with the check.....
The worst the level of food is like a holiday inn.  Nothing fresh all made hours ago even salads all drenched and vile
Was pretty decent. Got the truffle and swiss burger.. Was not as good as the one I recently had at Aioli burger (food truck). Also fries were nothing special. Better than fast food but not much
Very pricey for what you get, but it's tasty. Service is slow, partly due to the fact that the customers in front of you are drunk.
looking so beautiful and place was awesome really son looking cafe with the great taste of food
A must-try menu. If you're looking for an awesome fusion of flavors, diverse staff and waitresses, affordable (for tapas) and an extremely comfortable setting..then this is your place. The menu will cater to any pallet, so don't think it's strictly Mediterranean cuisine.
LOVE this place.  Food is always good, ambiance is better (especially on the patio at night).  Prices are very fair.
Other than bypassing the queue and got hooked up with a table and bottle service, it's not my scene. Security and staff very helpful.
Great airport. Easy to navigate, good shops and decent food
Poor service. High price with low quality food! $3 for a side order of fish balls only comes with four pieces. And the beef rib over rice hasn't even been cut!!!! It's definitely my last time!!
This place was not good.  Definitely not the place to be scene.  Not a good looking crowd.
Don't get food other than the occasional donut or munchkin. The manager at this location is rude and usually causes more issues than not. I hate that this is the only one close or I would go somewhere else.
Wicked Spoon was wicked delicious and by far is my current FAVORITE brunch buffet in Vegas. After eating at the Wynn, Caesar's Palace, and Bellagio I can honestly say that the food at Wicked Spoon is fresher/more delicious and the presentation top notch. We will definitely be back!
Didn't have to wait in any long lines and got seated quickly. \nThe server was kind and quick also. \nThe food was awesome and I will love to come back. Happy customer.
Menchie's is a great frozen yogurt place. I liked most of their flavors, but what really caught my eye was their toppings. I found that their toppings were a lot more varied than their flavors. I think that they could improve their place by getting at least a few more flavors of yogurt.
Great food, superb service, wonderful menu.  My go to place for an elegant date night ... as Yelp says \"Yay! I'm a fan.\"
Great show tonight, open mic night.  Lots of good aspiring comedians (some better than others) but overall a good show. Great prices on drinks, and they are mixed strong. Free admission so that makes it totally worth a night out.
My chicken sandwich was great, they seated 9 of us with 3 kids happily and the loud atmosphere drowned out any noise they were making. Not a classy joint, but hey.
This Buffet is LEGIT! Came on a Sunday around 230pm and the selection was insane! \n\nThe food tastes good and the staff is awesome!
Nasty food. Dirty. Terrible service. They tack on random expenses like if you ask for a little more sour cream for their dry food. They forget about you and don't refill your drinks. Beware of the food. I got sick from there.
If you need somewhere close to UNLV, that is clean and reasonable this is a good option.
Teeny Tiny little place with little room to breath inside. Food was just OK IMO.
Fish is not fresh, too much rice, rice of poor quality and too cold.  This is worse than the RA in Scottsdale that I only eat at when I stay at the hotel it's in.  Decent atmosphere here but that's where the good ends.
NOT A FAN- FOOD WAS NOTHING TO WRITE HOME ABOUT. \n\nyou are better off making ramen at home and saving money.. \n the happy hour is they thing that made us stay and eat but even so, never again.
All the services offers are good here
I had the fajitas. It was ok but nothing special. I def think that all the food was lacking flavor.. The service was ok but the def need to work on it! \n\nMy husband had the steak sandwich he really enjoyed it!
the place is nice and clean. the children's hairstylist is really nice and seems to love kids. however, the front desk/ cashier staff needs a lot of improvement.
Great food, very fast and for the price it is a must stop by and try!
Hands down, one of the best meals I have ever had the pleasure of eating.  I have been 3 times and all dishes are wonderfully prepared and presented.  Great staff who enjoy giving hints to newbies.  Tasty cocktails.  Be sure to wear black or you won't fit in with the hip crowd.  Do not miss the Chilean sea bass.
Great pizza my wife an I love the style of pizza they bring to Vegas
I recently visited this HI Health store as I was looking for meal replacement shakes and some vitamins. The gal that was working seemed to be knowledgeable and was very nice.
First time visiting on a Sunday evening and this place is packed! We ordered the Hog Heaven family meal offered on Sunday only. Austin was our awesome, and kind server.  He told us a brief history of this place. We enjoyed our dinner here. Will return for sure!
I have tried to call Sal's a few times and they area always \"closing\" or won't deliver a few miles away.  If you are close and it is dinner time, great.  If not, don't bother.
For the cost to stay there the value is excellent, just don't expect the best accommodations. You are literally sleeping in a giant Hooters restaurant.
Best Ramen in Pittsburgh!!! I went to there twice, and the ramen was so yummy. I could not love it more.
I really like this church. Very beautiful and serene. I enjoy going to the youth mass on Sunday at 5pm. The choir is absolutely amazing and makes the service more lively. My go to church for any service in Vegas.
Chain sub shop. Much better than subway. Needs to improve the bread, a bit denser. And hectic during lunch.
No problems with food quality, I hear they are under new management. However, they have no condiment bar. I've never heard of a Quizno's that doesn't! I need my horseradish sauce, guys.
Rey has been servicing my heater and cooling unit for the past three years and I have nothing but good things to say. He is very honest, knowledgeable and professional. When others are trying to squeeze every dollar out of you he only recommends what you need. I would recommend him to anyone.
This buffet was better the first time we ate there.  This second time around after a few years was not that good.  The best thing I liked to eat there was the Wonton noodle soup, and their Kona Coffee ice cream.
Unique place in historic dilwoth home. Unique menu with local options. Friendly non-corporate vibe. Most importantly great food!  Only negative is its loud and temps can vary to extremes but this is part of the charm of its location.
Nice staff, boring location away from the downtown area, nowhere to walk to. The hallways are depressing as hell, no mini-fridge in the room. We ended up leaving here a day early to stay at the Double Tree downtown. Sucks. :/ I would not go back here.
Great doughnuts! Very friendly been going here for a year now. It's all in the name they really do have fresh doughnuts unlike close by competitors.  Cough* Dunkin'
Ugh....my Willoughby Ohio hipsters would die!   I feel home!  Away from the strip but kinda on the strip all locals all young youth if America...great cafe!  Love love it!  A zillion times better than over roasted beans Starbucks!
The coupons are misleading. The staff are not properly informed or can't keep up with the advertised promotions and either don't honor the promotion or give you the wrong promo items.
Went to Red Devil with a few friends to experience their wings and pizza.  I was not impress with the food at all.  My friends liked it but for me the Pizza had a cardboard taste to it.  I'm from Chicago where Pizza is Pizza and this place did not do it for me.  Sorry!
Terrible service from all of the bartenders. One mocked the great Nieve M. singer and got up onstage to sing a version of \"f you\" a good performance but continued to talk badly of the own performer she hired. Expensive brews for being imported and domestic. Humidor has good selections not not variety.
We enjoyed a small bite but really enjoyed our Intelligentsia coffee's - the place was buzzing from the Hot Chocolate Run and the fact that it is located at the base of Obama's election campaign HQ!
Overpriced is my first thought. Overall our food was good and service was friendly and all but I wasn't going \"wow\" because of the price. I don't mind paying for large portions or something super good but $7.50 for a couple pancakes is too much for my retired wallet.
A nice park in the neighborhood. It's big and my 6 y.o. always seems to find some kids to play with. People seem decent, it's huge, and well maintained.
I go to this bar because it's close to where I work. I like this bar because they have a really good selection of beer, decent patio to hang out on and I love this bar for the wings! Thank you Mel.
Very nice family style Peruvian restaurant in Verdun.  The Ceviche Camarones is tasty but very, very, VERY spicy...so proceed with caution.  I will go back with my wife and kids.  I think they'll enjoy it...but very lightly spiced :)
Think about it before you book.  You get what you pay for and sometimes less.
best breakfast around i come here religously yum yum...egg a bagel is phenomenal and strawberry french toast are my favs...best mimosas in town woohooo
Makino  buffet is ok, quality of the food is not all that great.
Good place to come to waste some money and get fat.
Terrible management. Inconsistent carding policies. Crabby servers. Too dark, extremely loud, and below average food. Don't waste your time.
This was decent comfort food from back home.  Not worth a special trip but, if you're in the area, it is pretty good.
If there was ever a \"get your coffee and go\" Starbucks, this is it. Right in the center of the Waterfront, this Starbucks has no sofa, comfy chairs, only table seating. I love the baristas here, But I don't like the location of the building.
Went in for a latte. Staff member not super friendly and my latte leaned more towards a cappuccino. Take-out cups are Styrofoam -  would love to see this coffee shop along with some others make the switch to more environmentally friendly disposables.
Recently recommended by a friend.  Best recommendation I have ever received! Excellent customer service and mechancial work. Honest and trustworthy, two important items today. I highly recommend Doctor Auto for your automobile service and repair.
This store is so cool. Every turn and glance I took, there was something from my childhood that brought back some fun memories. What makes this store even better is that it's so so so organized and the staff is super friendly. Definitely looking forward to checking out new inventory when I visit AZ again.
The rice was microwaved in the plastic container before they piled the veggies on. This food is going to give me cancer.
Sunita seems to be the best available person there but she handles you a bit rough. Ended up cutting my skin.
Good Lord! Damn good meal. I had myself the 502 Fries, and now I feel like taking a nap. Beware, there is no parking lot. so park next door.
japanesse food is a great experience
Delicious food and the best outdoor seating around.
I love middle eastern food! Love their chicken breast kabob, tabbouleh and hummus! Definitely worth the visit! Huge servings! I would have given this a 4 star rating but the service is very slow.
I have been going here since I was a kid...15 years later and it is still one of my favorite places to eat...GREAT service GREAT food...everybody I know LOVES wongs!
Quality food. Great view when dining on the patio.
This place has went down hill. Don't waste your time or money can't even give it one star. Use to be good now it just plain sucks
Craving some ice cream.  I stopped in here the other day and grabbed a cone.  I tried the chocolate with Oreo and it was great.  I will definitely be back soon.
Really fresh sake. Great rolls. Nice option to get a half or a full roll. Delicious lychee sake. Fast service. Amazing!
I love this restrant .\nMore restrant then pub .\nEnglish and Irish dishes .\nVery clean .
I think it was a good move to use a former restaurant that was nice and clean as Fili-B's doesn't have the best image in those areas.  Bought a breakfast burrito there the other day and it was reasonably prices and super tasty.  Recommend.
Horrible! The drive thru is just garbage! The lady didn't even ask what kind of chicken we wanted, and we sat in the drive thru for more than 20 mins! No wonder they have only 21/2 stars... They don't deserve even one from me! Why can't we give 0 stars?
Needed to get something quick for an office meeting.  A coworker told me about this place and she was right this place is good and the prices are great too. \nGreat service, and great pizza and salads. \nWill definitely recommend this place and will definitely go back.
Very good lil mom and pop pizza shop. Can't beat the combo prices ! Give it a try if you around neighborhood.
Not a bad hotel. It's nice and clean and quiet!!! I wish they had more breakfast selections, but that's the only downside. And it's about 2 blocks off the strip, so not a bad location of your looking for a cheaper and quieter experience!
Hired them through hire a helper to unload my moving truck after relocating from Houston.  They were on time very polite and did a fabulous  and fast job.  Thank you so much
Very friendly service and the best breakfast burrito around.  This place gets pretty busy in the AM, but moves people through quickly.
Love this place. They are always good to the kids. They treat you like you belong. Some restaurants don't. There pizza is great. There ice cream as well. Live in Surprise and it is well worth the drive and there prices aren't bad also.
Belle grande galeries d'art bien cach\u00e9 des Montr\u00e9alais...4 \u00e9tages de beaut\u00e9. Allez-y pour regarder..et c'est gratuit :)
Not much variety.  Some of the ramen dishes are milk based and not very good.  Nevertheless the fried rice and the pork were good.\nThey dont serve beer or wine.\n\nI did like the decour and the service was friendly enough.
Great service and great steaks! Ask to sit near outside, but not outside and you will not be disappointed! The bread and dipping oil was good! We had the steak marinated in red wine and it was a dream. Definitely recommend!
This Kmart has a Sears Outlet inside of it.  if you are looking to replace your appliances come check out the prices there.  Most stuff is always on sale and the employees there are really helpful.  Don't buy your appliance until you compare their prices!!
It was our first time here... But we'll definitely be back!!!! Simple delicious fast. Great service. Great choices. Can't wait to try the ong choy Thai style!
Big mixup on location of pick up. I'm from out of town and they couldn't find the location after I gave them address. Finally came. Dispatcher seemed concerned and worked with me over the phone until we found each other
So we got something that was not on the menu...recommended by very personable server named Osiris!  It was absolutely delicious, one suggestion put beans on the plate.\nWe have been here a few times and have not ever been disappointed!
It takes a long time. One order would be good for two. Pan roast all day.
Fantastic place.  Amazing food, reasonably priced wine list, great service.  One of my favorite places in the area.
This place never disappoints.  The teppanyaki rice and noodles are soooooo good! I always get steak and shrimp, delicious. :)
Website says food served until 11. Walked in at 10:15 and were rudely told that it was last call and no food was being served. Avoid at all costs.
Very good tasty food.  My first time of many.  Outstanding service and a very clean place.
Love it.  Huge!  But the layout is confusing...  We found parking without circling, 5 spots down the street.  We had a great time but did not find the hat that I was looking for.
Run! It is ALL about the money!! They find any reason to sneak a regular visit fee into a well visit appointment. I was charged for an \"extended education\" for discussing everyday life. I will never go back and I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
Being from NY I grew acustom to getting good mediterian food, but since i have lived out here Ive been forced to the commercial places like Pita Jungle. This place blows them all away! I feel like im home again!
I thought the slot machines were pretty welcoming. It gives the feeling you're in Las Vegas even when you are on the way out of state.
Chicago pizza rocks!
Cool little pub in the neighborhood. Little bit older crowd but has a great happy hour good beer selection and good food.
Ordered a meal for pickup, went 15 minutes later and after they rang me up realized they never made it.
Oh my goodness if there was another Popeyes like there is McDonalds in this area I would be going to another location. This location is constantly messing up orders and takes FOREVER! Seriously as long as this place has been open they should already have their crap together but they don't!
Food wasn't more then average or less. The waitress was unmotivied and where the hell are the boo...\u00e4h...hooters?
For a lunch on the go it is my favorite. I get the Italian with everything (sourdough of coarse)+ pepperoncinis to give it a kick, its the best. Don't forget they have coupons on entertainment.com if you are a member or the Henderson press.
I love this place.  It's hard not to enjoy yourself at a midget bar.  I wouldn't eat here under the drunkest of circumstances but for a few drinks and a good time with friends you cannot beat it.
Horrible service for being a fast food chain. Horrible drive thru for late night eating. I'd rather go to the McDonalds on 99th and lower buckeye. Never want to come back here. Ever!
How can you go wrong with Heavenly Bed and Heavenly Baths? I loved this place!!! If only I could afford to stay here again!
The most tasteful Boba Tea in Phoenix area, the owner is actually very nice, but those two girls who make the Boba tea are a little bit wired...\n\nPersonal favorite: Jasmine Milk Tea with Pudding
Really good service. Good Pizza, fresh toppings!  We never have dessert but we were talked into it. Had the caramel apple cheese cake. It was really good and a big enough for both of us to share.
Nom
Feel like an asshole everytime I go and spend this much on a cupcake..but since magnolia bakery is in nyc..this is where I have to go.
The egg pizza is the bomb!!  Also, awesome garlic fries and a great chopped salad.  Everyone we recommended the egg pizza to loved it!!
There is always a long line and there is only one Taylor that help the customer and the other workers running around in the office.\nThis Post Office branch is the worse.\nTo to send Priority Mail it's taking forever it's better to go to UPS store.
I Love this casual fun place. The lobster tacos are delicious and reasonably priced as well. The service was great and quickly served us on a business lunch!
We love this theater.  My only complaint is that they call themselves AMC 24 but they shut down half of the theaters so they should change their name to AMC 12.
Bought the 5 session groupon here for my daughter. She had her sessions with Mike and Henry and they were both great! They worked her out good and she got along with both of them. It's been a great experience for her so far and she wants to continue going!
We were a touch late to the event but it was great fun anyway. Lunch afterwards was great after walking all around town. The shops were nice. And as usual Lindsey organized a great event. Thanks for hosting the brunch, Morning Squeeze!
Quantity of choices, but quality seems to suffer.
This place was awful!  My nails all pealed off in less than 3 days!! Cheap polish and products!! Not impressed!!
Over priced and small portions, but the food is good.
This p;ace is just AWESOME.  The smell, the action, the excitement, the food, the POOL!  All there, and reachable by a free tram from Excalibur.  It's, by far, one of the top 3 casinos in Vegas.
I got chips here once and I enjoyed it. Kind of your run of the mill chippie. I wouldn't go out of my way to recommend it but if you have a craving for chips and you're there, why not?
My husband and I have eaten here twice the last 4 years as we live close by but the food isn't worth the price to us.  We're always disappointed the cost and the food was not worth it.  We won't be back.
Great beer selection and awesome pizza! The service was fantastic! I can't wait to go back!!
All the food we ate here was amazing. I love pho and this place has the best pho I've ever had! The service is great and the food comes out fresh and quick. This is definitely one of my top favorite places!
Love in n out! Kirstyn working the register was very outgoing, happy and genuine!! I listened to her speak with each customer after me and she just sounded so happy! Made me smile :)
I went here for lunch and thought it was going to be amazing . The lighting was SO bright it made you dizzy . The burgers had barely and meat and the shake was not what I expected I ordered the cookies and cream and the oreo was just on the top the rest was just vanilla ice cream . Not impressed
Spicy homemade modern Mexican food with really amazing sauces and salsas. The chicken enchiladas were fantastic, but if you want sweet and very spicy try the diablo shrimp.
This business is closed and the location has a for lease sign in the window as of 12/30/13.  Someone PLEASE open up a dive bar here.  Spanky you listening?  Yellow  Rose #3 please?
Kevin is so awesome. This spa is coming along so nice... Totally relaxing & affordable.... Highly recommend !!!!
Great place, my JRT loved getting a bath here.  I will definitely be coming back again!!! I highly recommend coming here, self wash stations makes it a lot easier to wash your dog they have everything you need!!!
This would probably be my second favorite mexican restaurant . Chips and salsa are fantastic and the food comes out lightning fast! I am a big fan of their tamales but I don't think you could go worn with just about any of your favorite mexican dishes from Casa Don Juan!
Clean, fresh, delicious, fast, affordable , accessible and flavorful ... Also! Green conscientious !
I have been using Maid to Order for a few years, they are extremely dependable, honest, friendly and do a great job.
Owners are very rude people. Course never in good condition. Not worth money or hassle of bad costumer service
Much better service this time. Wait staff was pleasant and very quick. Drinks were refilled in timely manner and food arrived quickly; even though, they were busy.
Oh wow! This place is the bomb! Try their \"pain dor\u00e9\"! Amazing!!! It's a small place, so if you really wanna go, reserve in advance! I was lucky enough to find some spots available.
I love the fish tacos here and the beans and chips are great. The hot salsa is awesome and the peppers on the side are a nice garnish. I love the taste with a squeeze of lime. I'm a fan of the food here. a little pricey but delicious.
I give this all stars because the food was amazing, but it was the presentation that did it for me, it not only tasted good but the way they plated the food it wasn't just thrown on a plate.
The shaved ice here is amazing. Good selection to choose from as well. The service however leaves much to be desired. The place is often staffed by a skeleton crew of teenagers so there is always a wait. The last time I was in, the two behind the counter were bad mouthing the owner...  Very unprofessional.
What a great little place with authentic Italian food! Watch ordering the 16 inch pizza, it is HUGE! The staff is friendly and the food is delicious! This is a hidden gem!
Needed to grab some food after being at the Cigar Bar..was a nice sports bar.. I had the pastrami sliders and loaded french fries.. and OMG was it good! I want to try everything on thier menu! Their prices were good too!
Love this place! Always fresh, hot food and fast, friendly service. You can't go wrong with most items on their menu. My favorites are the Tractor Combo and the Sage Chicken and Bacon-Infused Waffle. Yummy!
I love Steak and Shake! I first tried this when I was visiting Illinois and it was the best thing eeeeever! I remembered seeing that there was one in Vegas. Had to makes stop here! This is inside the South Coast casino! Plenty of parking! Make a stop here and hit up the a outlet that is nearby!
I love this people, they are super nice and fab at what they do! I'm so happy I found them!
This location sucks.\n\nAlways takes forever, drive thru or pull in.\n\nThe master blasts are never blended. Bottom half is always just plain ice cream.\n\nWorst sonic in the valley.
Maitre d was fairly horrendous. No coat room and essentially refused/was otherwise unhelpful regarding storing luggage before/during dining.\n\nAverage steakhouse, filet mignon was good. Some decent fish options - salmon, sea bass, halibut but nothing breathtaking.
Craving a thin crust Pizza Hut pizza last night I called this place at 8PM for a delivery..They were out of pizza,yes out of thin crust pizza...I said that's like McDonalds being out of cheeseburgers,and was hung up on!? Unbelievable!
just left the restaurant...overpriced mediocre food and lackluster service...would not recommend and won't go back.
BEST CHURROS EVER!! Most of the time the churros have caramel on the inside. It's always pretty busy when I've been but they're quick and the food has always been good. I can't wait to go back and try more!
If your hungry in the A.M.  This is the place.  Their breakfast burritos are great.  Enjoy.
The meal was ok, but the service was rather rude in my opinion.  You would think ordering an espresso out of order with the meal would not demand ridicule from the servers.  Can a guy just be tired and have some caffeine?  I guess that is just too outside social norms to be allowed.
Very expensive burger be sure to ask for a table not in the back near the waiters station even when there are no other customers no coke just Pepsi soft drinks by the bottle Hey it's Vegas
It's a firme place compared to other buffets that are all over town and including the famoso Las Vegas Strip too homes. I bring all my carnales and carnalas here and they have mentioned it's better than those high priced casino buffets also. I have no problems frequenting this place.
Food was great, though the servings were small and price expensive for what it was.  I guess that can be expected from a place like this.  What drew the negative review was the really rude server we got.  I dont think i'll come back just because of him.
Great pizza, horrible service.  Our group had 3 families.  2 of our families got food within a short time, the third family waited over 45 minutes for their food.  No explanation or apology from management, just excuse after excuse.
Just this past week I attended Mr. George Wallace's overly religious, bigoted and racist review. Let me just say, Mr. Wallace, your racist remarks & bigoted comments suggest... its time to RETIRE! NOT funny! NOT entertaining! NOT worth the money or time!
Food is a little pricey but it's organic and healthy so I guess you get what you pay. I love the food here. You can sit outside on the picnic table or inside with the a/c. If you're olives connoisseur you won't be disappointed.
Please listen... It would really mean a lot to us.
Southern highlands is a great community to live in. They have many free events at this park. Our family favorite is movies in the park. It's open with lots if room. The condition of the grass is great, especially for Vegas. The only negative is parking is very limited.
Great burgers, awesome chicken sandwiches, ginormous hotdogs, yummy shakes, and tasty condiments. The prices aren't too bad, for as much food as you get. We've been to this location plenty of times and never had any issues.
My second office!! Great place to get some work done and their coffee is amazing!! Specially cappuccino.
The Mango Tofu was amazing but the chicken coconut soup was sub-par at best. All in all it was a good time and i would definitely go back.
This place is very cool! Prices seem to be a little steep at some of the places, but can't expect much less from a fancy place. No big deal, though. I do LOVE the Fresh 52 Farmer's market that is there every weekend.
Been twice, amazing and fresh homemade food every time, tried three total dishes in fact. This is the kind of hole in the wall neighborhood treasure that everyone always searches for. If they keep making food this good, it will need a larger dining area. The only possible improvement would be better silverware/plates/napkins but who cares about that!
The seating was kinda old but the Hotel is not new either... So i guess that makes sense... the flim flickered when we were watching it and had some stalling...
Gotta go for the Original Lobster Sandwich Large. Best lobster in Vegas hands down. Lobster Mac and Cheese was OK, kinda bland.
Good  atmosphere, good service, and clean. However the food is(pardon me)  gringo mexican food. Lacking  flavor and kick.  Even the salsa was bland without spice. Not horrible, but completely forgettable.
I LOVE the gyros & greek fries here....it is a little pricey but you get a lot of food! AWESOME!
Pros: big rooms, nice view of the strip, good price when you find the deals online\n\nCons: pool closes at 6, old tv, crappy shower\n\nPro?/Con?: old school Vegas style :)
Chris and his team are freaking awesome! Came here to celebrate my best friend and my 21st birthdays and they got us on the list of every club we wanted to go to. Extremely professional and reliable. Will definitely be using his service again every time we go to Vegas!!! Thank you so much Chris!!!!!!!
not bad for the money, a deluxe room runs $59 with tax. It's clean, nice 42 inch plasma.\n\nYour room key gives you and four guest's access to the top of the tower, 108 floors up and a spectacular 365 view of Vegas
Habenero burger has great beef. The heat could be cranked up another couple of notches.  The carne adovada is great
My hip was out and had pain in my low back from working and moving patients as a nurse. Went in and saw Dr Scafidi - after a thorough adjustment, felt brand new!
This is utopia for your taste buds.. A carnival of culinary art.  Fantastic and friendly service. The Angkor Salad is a explosion of flavour that you wont soon forget.  The coconut lemongrass soup was easily 6/5 stars.
This place was great, from the couches to the sunken fire place. We spent a couple fo hours in there before we knew it.
1 star is generous.  They literary had 3 cigars for sale.
Happy Hour is still great, and you can't go wrong with the Pub Board. The last few times we've been in, you can tell the service is slipping. The waitstaff and bartenders seem to be way more interested in each other than the customers.
\"I tried this place again and the food was and services was very good. Glad I did!\"
These Guys just get it right,great burgers straight forward toppings hand cut fries.I've eaten here on more than a few occasions with the family and everyone loves it.Counter service is always polite and expeditious .Enjoy.
The pizza is alright but the time it takes to get your pizza borders on ridiculous.  I have been twice.  The first time was just after this place opened so I thought I would try them again... just as slow now as they were then.  With so many other pizza choices in the Valley, I'd suggest looking elsewhere.
Pleasant staff and awesome food - from fresh baked pastries to french toast to die for! The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because they're not open for the early risers.
Richardson's has the most amazing food.  I LOVE the Carne Adovado.  So tender and amazing you will not be disappointed if you order it.  In fact, everything I have had here is absolutely wonderful.  I will be back again and again!
This rating is for service. Was greeted promptly and quickly shown to a table where we waited & waited & waited. No water. No service. Left an went somewhere else.
Amazing as always, the management knows us me are always very pleasant. We are ready to get check out Red Ginger .. We love the sushi here but the presentation just keeps getting better ...
The food and service was excellent and very fairly priced! They have a live band playing which was a lovely ambience. A little off the strip, but apparently they have a free limo ride that brings you from your hotel to the restaurant and back! definitely worth the visit as compared to those horrible and overpriced food on the strip.
The service is so poor, and I waited about 6 minutes to order my foods.  Then every 15 minutes I got one dish! How can you believe that! All my lunch time was waiting! No apology and explain!
Came here for the first time Tuesday. I was very impressed. Small theaters, great menu. Great vegetarian options and everything was very good.
It's that wonderful time of year again!  you have to try their egg nog!  It is so delicious!!
The lines are longer than Disneyland and not worth the experience of the ride.  Won't go back.
At least theyre customer service is better than the other location the new food items not the best! pretzels were good but everything else just so-so at best
Best shop in shop in town! Great selection of juices! Great customer service! Not near my house but I still come here!
Great food and atmosphere in downtown Cambridge.  We don't have too many small pubs and this is the spot to drop in.  Trying to branch out downtown so wanted to try it out tonight after hockey. Having the scotch eggs and wings and they are great
Pizzas are unique and delicious. Great beer selection. A few good appetizer selections too. Lacking in atmosphere but the food selections make up for it.
I've rented 3 times this season to take my family skiing. Each time, Avis made it easy, provided me with a very clean vehicle, full tank of gas and zero hassle upon return.
Lose your cellphone here.\nEverybody's doing it.\nSo dark and so drunk.\n\n(b)
Great service, very attentive especially since there was only one waitress, she did a great job.  Try the Chicken kebabs, very flavorful and moist.  Rice pilaf is great here as well.  Cucumber salad was very tasty.
I had this tailgating on Sunday for the cards greenbay game. It was very tasty and had a lot of flavor. One thing was it was a smaller portion than I expected. By the why it's better that any subway or blimpys.
We had a great experience here:  helpful staff, clean room, comfy bed, free WIFI, and plenty of security.  My only complaint was that silly basin sink located at the entrance to the room.\n\nThis hotel is marvelously situated within walking distance to some of the best entertainment and dining in town.
The freshly made broth is amazing!  I've had 3 different ones so far and they are all great!  I personally love the thick udon noodles too.  The Thai Tea boba could have been better.  One order of soup really feeds 2 people or a 2nd serving at home.
The burger and fries overly dripped grease and tasted like grease. Not good; never going back.
Top notch staff. They really know their merchandise. High praise for the kid in the Shoe department who I sent back to the storeroom a half dozen times to get me a different pair of sneakers.\n\nNow I know its here and has a wide arrangement of sporting goods I will be back for other items.
It's an okay place, when you want to chill out in the middle of your experiment!\nIt's a bit pricy. They have vegetarian options which makes it nice.
Nice rooms, a little dated.  Friendly staff, but long lines for the buffet.  Pool is too small, extra charge for nice pool.
had a burrito there. it had 1/2 the pork filling that you will find anywhere else.\n\nso its basically a tourist trap in the heart of old town scottsdale trying to rip people off.\n\nbetter bet would be filebertos.
Didn't live up to it's expectations. Food was boring and wait staff was disorganized. Go to the Wynn.
Good food!  The turkey burger with a egg and cheese and all the fixins and no relish is a prefect meal.
Food was amazing and our service was good.
burger came half hour after ordered. it was extremely salty, and second time it came out still salty. on top of the food is not being eatable, we needed to wait at least 10 minutes for the waitress to come by. total lunch was a disaster for us. do not come here.
Great breakfast...Great coffee, breakfast sandwiches, perfect in the morning after a late night.  Staff are super friendly....
Love the fresh local food served here in the most professional and friendly manner. Great food staff and atmosphere!
Average. Very average. Not impressed.... Especially for the price. Go somewhere else if in the area.
Very good pecan bar-- just the right amount of sweetness and nuts. Flaky crust. The staff was friendly, just not as knowledgeable of the products. Will probably return and try some of the other treats.
Do NOT listen to the negative reviews, this show is very good, the tricks are well done and fun to watch and david himself has a great stage presence and is funny.  I highly recomend it if you are in town.
Mediocre food, mine was really really salty.  Kind of an interesting place though, looks like a Colorado lodge but what's that decor doing in Arizona??  Looks like a good place to go after work for happy hour and hangin with friends, so-so for a nice dinner.
Disappointed! The place is not clean and the food there are not fresh. Could be because I went there late, around 11pm. Anyway, just think it's not worth a four star rating.
Hilary Jo at the bar was the best bartender  ever. Best drinks for the price. You can't go wrong.
Very good food but i had a very rude waitress. Wish I new her name so I could put it on this review. No tip from me
peanuts are  good, burgers are great and fries are okay...i am happy to get a burger to go and have it with a bake potato at home...tastes homemade...
The worst Italian food I've ever had.  The lasagna I literally wouldn't feed to an animal. I'm not exaggerating.
I have only had the Breakfast Burrito. It was below average. it had very little taste was greasy and the potatoes they put in it were almost mashed. I will give them another shot cause they are close to my house but with so many options in the area I don't think they will make they cut.
Last time I ate at Roberto's was over a year ago, had the carne asada burrito and threw up half way eating it.
It's a subway.  Crap food at a great price!  Though do not try to go here during lunch.  The line is usually just way too long.  Though atleast the employees always seem to have a smile on their face.
This place was filthy. We couldn't get into our room for an hour because the locks were broke. Our TV didn't work and they said there was nothing they could do.
This place has really good Sicilian(square) pizza. Last time I also ordered the Chicken Parm for the first time and that was excellent. Will definitely come back here.
I just had eyebrow waxing done and Jojo was great!  She was very professional and the office was clean and cozy.  I would definately recommend this to anyone that needs a waxing, facials, massages, and more.  Also check out the summer specials!
In addition to the best Pizza, Wings, Fish Fry, and Roast Beef, they also make their own dressing.  Best in town.
Really fun to visit. They were filming the day we stopped in on our way back to Phoenix - so we couldn't go in - but everyone was very nice and we watched the filming and took some pics.
This is one of the nicer Target stores in Las Vegas, lacks store services though as there is only a Pharmacy here. Overall, for a older Target Greatland, this store looks as if it just opened yesterday still. It is always super slow here too, so if you like to shop in peace, you've found your match!
All I can say is \"disappointed\"!\nSmall over priced portions, and just so so. \nI won't be back. \nTry pizza rock, better pizza, larger portions, and cost less
Been attending since 2008 and God has done nothing but miracles for His people. One amazing church with amazing God-loving and Good fearing pastors. This church is a wonderful place to find healing and to be yourself. There's no judgment from anyone just love
I love the cactus garden, and the christmas lights in dec an jan are a cute touch the kids enjoy \n\nI like the walk thru tour, and its nice to have the little sample at the end  but the choco shop is dissapointing.
First time playing, a group of us went and had a blast!  It was great for first time players.  Staff was helpful, rental equipment was good and the refs were eager to help out.  Only negative is their store had sold out of a lot of their product and being a first timer I was lacking gear.  It was painful...
Love this place! KIC roll is to die for if you like spicy rolls. Squid salad, sunshine roll, all the sashimi on happy hour....perfect! The cucumber drink (alcoholic beverage) was great!!! Excellent service and ambiance. So impressed! :)
Shrimp Charlotte and the Catfish and Grits is absolutely delicious!!!! Very fresh.. I most definitely be back to visit!!
Awesome time!
I am torn, too many good reviews and I won't be able to get a table, not enough and they close, but I cannot lie; this place is awesome. The crepes were the fluffier I've ever had, and I adore the atmosphere.
Happy Hour is amazing there. The food is always good, and the ambiance is great! The beef carpaccio was awesome and at $4 I think I may have to become a regular!
I have been going to Don & Charlies for years and am amazed how consistant the food and service is. Love the creamy cole slaw, liver, Seattle Salmon and especially the ribs. The memoriabelia is a Major League plus.
Robertos is a great stop at 3am for a taco or two.  I like to eat here when I'm too lazy to fry my own shells and shred meat for dinner.
Like cone here late at night after a night of drinking!
In love with this place! This restaurant has been about 80 different things before they bought it and so happy they did! Finally, something to do in downtown Gilbert . Service is always fantastic and of course the food, drink, and atmosphere are fabulous. I've been about 10 times and it's never a bad experience.
When the fish tastes like ham there is something wrong.  I would compare this to a cheap $5 buffet that costs $20 per plate.  We are trying to get our money back right now, everything is bad.  Hope I don't get sick.
Amazing chicken dumplings got us very excited for our meal. Then had bland mango chicken. Something that resembled tso chicken and chicken pad Thai \nBland bland bland
The food is good...I have never had anything bad here!   \n\nThe service is also good.
NOT EVEN A FRACTION as good as the one on 67th and Bell. Service stinks!
Only reason i gave 5 stars is because the staff and bartenders are the best the food tho horrible but ill tell u what if u wanna go somewhere and have a great Friday or saturday night this is the place
Sassy Cow vanilla ice cream was the best ever - UNTIL they started adding ingredients other than cream, sugar and natural flavors.  Now it has gum, carageenan and other gunk that has totally spoiled the great taste.  \n\nI switching back to another brand.
I'm very happy with this salon. My feet have never looked better! Plus, they play movies while you get worked on...massage chair and movie? Heck yeah! You have won me over Nail EnV!
Was forced to go there yesterday (because my daughter drove it so much, the gas gauge didn't even move when I started it). I hate that low fuel light!  Well, guess what? Once again, no receipt at the pump. What a surprise!
Only speaking for the alcohol infused milk shakes BLT burger is neat little bar/lounge tucked away in the corner of the MIrage past the Deli.  The shakes are made separate from the lounge/restaurant.  The shakes are delicious albeit a little on the pricy side even with alcohol (the strip :(
Nice little place.  In downtown near light rail.  Has patio dining where you can relax with pho and a cold drink and watch the evening's passerby.  Reasonable but not great prices.  Very friendly service.
Best place in vegas! Al was a big help , made it so convenient . it was at a great price and got it the next day!  i wont go anywhere else for my banners! this is the place to go! great prices great quality and no shipping cost!
Awesome place- I'd come back every year and get the same suite! Love the jacuzzis, pool and gym!
No matter what is wrong with you an antibiotic will fix it.
We have been generally been happy with the pricing and service at Alamo.  They are more often than not the lowest priced rental car company in the Consolidated Rental Facility . Join the Insiders club and avoid the lines by using the kiosks.
I have been to this buffett once.  I am not sure if the restaurant is always that dirty or if I came after a big rush.  As for the food, it was mediocre at best.  One thing I did enjoy quite a bit was the crab rangoon.  However, the meal as a whole was not even close to great.
Been here 5-6 times. It's overrated. Good crust and decent Caesar Salad, but poor service from too-good-to-help employees makes it not worth my while...
The ice cream is great and the service was good but the same Pedaler camps out front begging for money. I don't carry cash but I'm getting tired of being hit up for \"spare change\".  For the sake of their business they need to ask him to leave.
Authentic as it gets.  Chicken burrito was terrific, one of the best I have ever had.
Today was my first visit! I got a pedicure and I loved it! I felt so welcomed and I thoroughly enjoyed my experience! It was super clean and that's so important to me! Fresh tools and what not. I'll definitely be back...
My bill was $180 for 3 nights and 3 extra playtimes for one dog. I wish it wasn't so darn expensive, but no other facility in Charlotte offers the amenities and quality of care that pet paradise does. You get what you pay for!
The stadium and game were a pleasant surprise - the crowd had energy, there was always music playing or something going on on the big screen. They do a great job keeping the fans pumped up and excited, which I can't say for all stadiums. Food was decent and our seats in the 500 level were better than I expected!
Delicious food and a very friendly and helpful staff. Come early to your event to ensure close parking.; especially if there is a Pitt or Steeler game.
I wish the employees would have some aloha spirit like the posters say in the hallways,\nBut Nope they don't,
The bread was really good, the egg salad was decent but everything else was plain and lacked quality.  Service was very friendly  and welcoming.  I wouldn't go back.  Would have given 2 1/2 stars if possible because of service.
Kristi is a real joy... I love getting 0% service and be completely ignored when trying to order a drink. Unless I am one of her ass-kissing regulars. And it's happened countless times.
L'espace de \"fast-food\" est super beau et moderne! Beaucoup de choix et en plus tout est servie dans de la vaisselle r\u00e9utilisable :)
Fresh fish and good ambience. This place rocks! Their all you can eat special is worth the price. Rolls are delicious. Definitely a great sushi spot.
Friendly and delicious! It's like having a friend for breakfast.
Delicious!! \nLittle hole in the wall in target shopping center... Food was fresh, salsa delicious, green sauce and creme with the flautas  was dang good!\nI love family owned establishments...
Open 24hrs and the food seems pretty healthy.  Have had issues when ordering online, showing up and they knew the order came through but had no receipt or anything so I have to tell them what the order was again so they can make it on the spot.
Had a great time here. Drinks are about $14 each so be ready. But the atmosphere was great. They get some really good talent spinning here too. Not a dance floor per se, but we did plenty of dancing (as did everyone else).
This is a beautiful hotel downtown montreal, great staff up front, reasonable rates (i booked via expedia), really nice rooms with huge bathrooms, rain shower head etc.\n\nenjoy.
Although this place is across the street from my house, I stopped going because their food, decor and service are just gross. It looks and tastes like it should be on \"Restaurant Impossible\".
Awesome, quick service. Staff was polite and had me in and out. They even rotated my tires and topped off all my fluids for free after doing my oil change!
Had the best breakfast this morning! Try the California Omelet. Cooked to perfection along with the hash browns.
I hate this place. Everything about it is fake.
The restaurant did their level best to make it up to me, so here's another star for giving a damn. Thanks!
We had to wait 30 min Eventhough we had a reservation. The steak was over cooked and black color. Was very upset about food and services.
Very good food and decent micro beers. The restaurant wasn't busy at all due to the time of the day and of course the service was excellent. Had the Kobe sliders and an order of the garlic fries. Definitely worth a stop to check out.
Hands down, the best all you can eat sushi I have ever had. All the fish, from the salmon to the sea urchin, was extremely fresh and delicious. Moreover, the attentive sushi chefs and wait staff took great care in seeing that I was happy.
There is no cilantro! Have a salsa bar with not much salsa and no chips. Prices are reasonable. Chicken is dry and food is bland.
Great service and food. Share the plate sand you can try many different things and no leave overly full. Try the edemoni as they have some in a chilie sauce that was just great. I enjoyed our meal. Be water the drink bill can be higher than you food bill..
This place is absolutely infested with cockroaches (I've seen them myself and an exterminator has confirmed infestation beyond what I could have even imagined). And the food is not very good at all. Yucky! Be on the lookout for health department citations!
Located in a new shopping center in NW Phoenix.  I had the Blimpie Best Combo and the food was good, staff was fast and friendly... overall it was a good lunch.
Love it, its a great trendy sushi bar.  The food was excellent and had live music and was very clean.  The waitresses have always been great and for a sushi bar and the price of the food and sake it was really pretty great.
We waited 20 minutes without ever seeing our server and during that time it took more than ten minutes for a busser to get our waters to the table. All of this and the restaurant wasn't even crowded, it was actually almost empty. There is no reason for service this poor. This is the only time I have ever walked out of a restaurant.
Good pizza. Too pricey though. The price implies some sort of specialty, but in reality its just the same old regular NY style pizza. Garlic knots are interesting, but I think this place needs to address the pricing issue.
Stopped by on Thur evening at the bar. Dead...except for Mexico vs. Nederland's soccer on TV. The place is beautiful, but the energy is not there. Plus mgmt has to correct the sewer smell as u enter the court yard.
Very good Italian cuisine. I had the linguine with pesto but the mussels and fries looked great. I can see why everybody likes this place.
Good food but wont go back as I don't like the beer they have.  They need Coors Light, or Bud Light etc.
This is a good pho place for being away from Chinatown. The food came out quick and the food was tasty. Prices aren't bad at all. Definitely worth coming to. The only downside is they don't accept cards.
The food was good but not knock my socks off for the price.  Definitely meant more for the cocktails and drinks. Since I'm pregnant, I missed out on that side.
Voted #1 Day Club in Las Vegas. Beautiful people all around, especially the staff! Award winning concoctions, top-notch DJs, 60,000+ square feet. Guestlist for the ladies = feel free to message me.
Great place food us good drinks are excellent SERVICE IS SLOW.... be prepared to wait an hour for one drink .....:-(
Was traveling through on business- they were able to see me on short notice. Friendly staff and a terrific hair cut!
I enjoyed my first visit to Bliss ReBar! The food was great and reasonably priced... the wine selection was impressive and I liked the environment they've created there. Go check them out!
Terrible wings and service was not great. Waste of money the waitress was nowhere to be found anytime we needed anything.  Also she was too busy rubbing her stomach to pay attention to her customers!  NEVER AGAIN HOOTERS!!!
This location is poorly run, staff is untrained on computer system and service.  There is no communication among the management who scramble to put out fires.  This location should be closed while kitchen, front, and management are retrained. The bread is terrific.
Service us slow and the food is inventive. I had chicken salad and it was boiled chicken with ice berg lettuce. For what I got I thought it was very over priced. Stay away, this place needs to close
If you have a choice, go to the one downtown. I always get the buffalo shrimp, but at this Majerle's the coating was too thick. Not to mention, our ice tea tasted like dirt and service was horrible.
The food is good Chinese food though I did get sick once. The owners have been rude several times rushing us our the door saying there were people waiting. Also the men's room needs a deep cleaning
Clean and Cozy! Great deal and super friendly owner. \nPlus, the food was outstanding.\n\nThanks so much everyone at Mr. Mama's
Great for breakfast/brunch! Delicious and hardy meals. We were served extremely fast and the atmosphere was fun.
I love the art work probably more than the food but it's a toss up.  Both are wonderful.\n\nHappy hour is a good deal and service is always spot on.
I've been waiting way too long to get my chicken burger.  Told me 6 minutes about 20 minutes ago.  This after they td me 40 mins ago that they were out of steaks.  Omg.  I won't be doing this again.
Had a blast was down in Vegas on vacation with my family and my fathers family (15 in all) they didn't have seating for that many but they sat us all in the same area. Food was great they had everything from chinese to soul food to fresh sea food and pizza that the kids enjoyed
Yup.  Fast food Chinese alright.  Cheap prices, good portions, great crab puffs.  Surprisingly clean location for the area, and a lot bigger location than I expected.  I'll definitely come here instead of Panda.
It's all good but most of the plates don't have any meat. Also there are no desert at all. However they are really friendly and nice.
The burgers are very good. Bar with a normal atmosphere. Kids area away from bar. 24/7.
We hired Seablu after interviewing several companies around the valley. Susan's communication and attention to detail set her company ahead of the rest. Our pool looks fantastic and the pricing is perfect for the area. If you want personal pool service tailored to your needs, call Seablu!
Absolutely AMAZNG! From some primo steaks, to exotics and even jumbo Chicago style Vienna hot dogs! Live near 5 grocery stores and in the month since I've discovered this place I haven't gone ANYWHERE ELSE for meat and chicken. This place is exceptional!
Try the rice noodles with cured pork...delicious and light...my husband thinks they are a little slow on service (even for take out) but the food is totally worth it!
Brand new. Opened up 5 days ago. Just beginning to work out the bugs. Waited a little long to be served but once we got going the service was spot on. Shrimp and yellow curry was awesome. Desert was green tea ice cream. Not impressed. We will be back to try other items on the menu.
My wife and i really enjoy the friendly staff of this shop and the massive selection of hookahs and shisha flavors....if you smoke hookah or just wanna see a cool shop in north las vegas id stop by and say hi =)
Good show.  Great history lesson.  Actors play their parts so well.  Loved the Johnny cash singer.  Small showroom but sound carries well throughout
I'm a big fan of their strawberry water and if I'm looking for a better lunch than what I have at home I'll swing by and pick up a salad from here.  They have a good selection- and it's constantly expanding.
Very good cheap food. Pittsburgh classic.Great desserts! The oreo pie is amazing! The servers are always very friendly. The salad bar could be a little more clean.
Something different, great bloody Mary bar and lots of fun.
I hate Walmart but they carry Mobil1 oil cheaper than anyone else.  I usually try to avoid this store during the day and go at night since it is 24 hours.  Also, the people at the auto service department are pretty nice.
Awesome place!!! You must go and try all the services!!!!
This if for their driving not food.  You cut off a bunch of people as you ran a stop light! Glad i was further back... Im sure it wasnt that important for you to do that.
Excellent. simply excellent. Best hotel for the price.
The staff and instructors are super patient with all the children and create a very positive environment.  It is great to see my son continuously improve not only in martial arts but also gain confidence and respect.
Pricey for hot dogs, etc. Nothing spectacular or even noteworthy. Ted's in Tempe/Mesa was much much better
Gross. The noodles I'm sure were spaghetti. Beyond that, the food tasted awful. This place is horrible. Sad how places like this remain open and other great places close.
This market does have potential. But sometimes I wonder if this is a farmer's market, or a swap meet....it seems that there are more purses for sale then peaches, or more wallets instead of watermelons...If I want a salt and pepper shaker set, I'll go to Target.
This may not simply be the best Mexican restaurant in the Valley, it may simply be the best restaurant, period. \n\nThe service is cool but friendly, the environment is hip and still inviting, and the food is nothing short of brilliant. \n\nI eat there as often as possible.
They forgot my order, I waited 25 minutes for my bubble tea. The worst attitude I have ever experienced.
I think this will be my last time going there. Its getting obvious that they are cutting corners to save money. My beef teriyaki was kind of rubbery today and once again the meat to rice ratio was out of whack. Yogi's is going down hill.
This is basically for Shaina who with unbelievable skill and dexterity, put on my screen protector for my iPhone 6 Plus. She was great and I was definitely happy I stopped in. And overall really friendly and helpful staff.
if you need an honest knowledgeable mechanic who isn't going to try to rip you off then Desmond is the man to see.  I have been going to him for several years and he is always more than fair.
Spent $10 on my meal which was chicken sandwich, fries, and a milkshake.  C'mon!  For fast food?  And my food was cold & tasteless.
Rays is one of the best pizza joints around...but what is not cool is them charging me for ranch...and I pretty much own stock in the company..that's how often I'm there...but nonetheless ..good greasy pizza!
Tr\u00e8s bon cupcakes! Au chocolat \u00e0 mon avis, sont les meilleurs. Red velvet excellent! Service courtois et rapide.
Solid food with trendy vibe.  Great burger, average fries and good people watching in a convenient location.
The food is good, but I have to warn you, if your body is not used to curry, be afraid. LOL
If you want a great nail tech go see Tanya. She always knows how to make nails look perfect and just how you want it. I looked for a while to find someone who would know how to do my nails how I like it, and Tanya is a pro at doing so. I always leave happy and would recommend this place to anyone.
Pizzas are ok.
Food is great here!  Different vegetables everyday which as a weight watcher fan that is important.
Fantastic experience for lunch here today.  Their sandwiches and flatbreads were amazing.  To be honest though, it was the amazing customer service that was provided that made the experience 5 star worthy.  My drink was never empty, and they were extremely acomodating.  I will be going back 100 more times because of how pleased I am.
Consistently slow service, always the bare minimum working. Try not to come in when it's busy.
Went during the week for dinner and didn't have to wait long. I really liked the interior and the staff was very nice, we sat at the sushi bar and had great service.
I Love this place, from the sushi to the soft robes.  Best Resort in AZ.......no in America.  Escpecially when you get lucky and hit it through Hotwire:)
Rooms were amazing.  Breakfast was disappointing.
Food is nice. If you're in the area and looking for fast Greek food, this is a reasonable choice. The cooking seems talented enough that I wish they'd make some special dishes, but there's nothing out of the ordinary here.
Service was attentive.\n\nThe food ambrosial.
Great area...nice casino but it seems that not a lot a people come here
Worst mani  ever. She didn't sanitize the tools after she was done.  They all rinse them with water then put then into a box with a paper towel. I saw it and confronted her she lied and said she did sanitize. Someone come take their license away, please.
The food is borderline gross but the pie is amazing!
I take my son here every so often as a treat for being good. My husband and son love Gigi's cupcake soo much. And i do have to admit i love them very very much :)The employee's are very sweet and you feel welcome.
Tried again. Not open. To the ppl who own/run this location- you are not neighborhood friendly. #einsteinbagel
Im sad, this place isnt as good as it used to be. Its still pretty good as long as you do not stray away from the tacos, other than that everything is eh.
Service and ambiance were great.  Party of four and we all found the food ... interesting.
Went to Customshop for anniversary dinner last night.  We were not disappointed!  Our server was very attentive and answered all our questions.  The recommended wine was great and she served a generous pour. I had the pork chop which was awesome and my husband raved about the ribeye.  We will definitely go back.
Best Thai food in Vegas!Nice little hole in the wall.Crab pot & spicy garlic chicken is highly recommended.
The pedicure was okay. I've honestly had much better and I think you'd get much better service anywhere but here. The pedicure is the bare minimum at a high price. Get yours done before killing time\nAt the airport for a better experience.
A hot dog place... with no corn dogs?!?!?!? What a DISGRACE!
I love Islands. I wish they had more locations in Northern CA. I always get the hulu burger. Neat that the burgers now come with fries. That wasn't how it was back in the day!
Bar as a whole is great.  I don't want to punish them for me being there on a busy night, but the service really should have been better.  Their tap selection is very good.
This place is a hidden gem in Chandler.  I was refered by a coworker and brought 3 friends my first time it was amazing $30 for an hour.  we all have gone back on a regular basis a must to go and relax...
So I am changing my rating from 5 stars to a generous 2.
Usually love this place.   But I'm now almost 30 minutes into waiting for my cappuccino.  Saw them pour my milk 10 minutes ago which means warm when frothing.     Unacceptable.
If you like crab claws then this is the place for you.  Holy shit the claws are huuge!  See in my pictures.  Really good place and it's in Vegas so you know it's fine dining at it's best.  The lobster bisque wasn't bad either.
Food is good not amazing. But the customer service there is awesome. I don't go here often but when i do the bartenders always remember what I drink. That kind of service makes up for the kinda plain food.
Korean Supermarket, Most stuff here is pricey compare to other Asian supermarkets.  For the damn food count the prices here are crazy that I can just go to an nice restaurant to eat. Shhsh But if you need anything Korean specialties for cooking they have it here.
Great upstairs patio - had a fun night on Freemont, despite thinking I wouldn't
Two words: Perogi. Pizza.
Love this place. Great quality food, great service and great value. Been going there since it opened and it's always been consistent. Gotta check it out if you haven't.
Food was ok. The worst service in the entire world I'm sure. They don't refill your drinks or pick up your plate. Five servers were just standing against the wall and they looked mad when I asked for help. Go to another place!!! Save yourself!
Such a great place to walk in and walk out with a sweet treat!  Horchata flavored Yogurt???  OMG so awesome! Love the topping bar and so satisfied every time I've visited...
Went today and they where closed
Terrible service horrible delivery and service takes forever for them to deliever and the pizza is always cold and bread sticks are burns and taste like crap if i could give 0 starts i would
Pizza is great. Service is always really good. It's incredible family friendly (kids can walk up to watch pizzas being made and get a ball of pizza dough to play with). Veggie pizza actually has real vegetables on it and there are always good beer specials. Garlic knots are fantastic too.
Awesome service.   Very accommodating.   You feel wonderful after.  Always get the full body deep tissue.
Very much enjoyed the Charcuterie Plate and the house made pickles. Pork Tostadas were delish.  Props to the bar: These folks = extraordinary cocktail crafters.  Thanks for serving Hendricks with the appropriate garnish!  :-))
I love Dr. Wingard. He is always warm and responsive. He takes on all of my questions and respects me as a nurse. The only con can be waiting for the appointment because sometimes he is so busy you can't get in to see him quickly. He is an A+ doctor
I've had fun here with friends out on the patio and enjoyed margaritas and chips and dip. But for a meal? No thank you. It's nothing worth writing home about - greasy, unseasoned \"Mexican\" food without a lot of jazz.
Really good quality food on par with the best Indian restaurants in this region. Simple menus and the convenience of a world food market while you wait!
Great fresh not greasy food!  My boy waiter seemed like it was his first time in a restaurant but he must be somebody's nephew. A very enjoyable delicately spiced meal
Went for late night dessert and drinks.  As usual - good stuff.  Sat at the bar, received great service, and the food/beverages were delicious.\n\nOther than the hit on my wallet, it's hard to have a bad experience here.  They always impress.
The Pleasance Courtyard has over 450,000 visitors, sixteen venues, every entertainment under the sun, even a Kids Zone. It's little wonder that for many people the Pleasance is the heart of the Fringe. Go and see Blam!, The boy with tape on his face and more!
This is about as good as it gets! The pho here is fantastic and the portions are large.  The owners and staff are very personable and make you feel at home.  I try to eat here as often as I can and it's always a wonderful experience...can't go wrong here.
I grab a cup from these guys every morning at this location. Great, friendly service\n\nThey have the best coffee, fresh, strong never burned. Jeanie is the one you want to help you when your there. She makes you feel at home.
Nicely decorated...cool atmosphere...but the food sucks. Just go here for a drink before or after dinner somewhere else.
The food is awesome, but the service here is great. I asked about options for my girlfriend since she cant have bread, and they not only prepared a lettuce wrap but offered to sanitize the counter since bread was prepared on it. It wasnt necessary, but it was great for him to offer!
Awesome Italian Food! Moving from NJ I know some good Italian food . This place is the best I've had in Vegas. Great old Vegas atmosphere with live music every time I've ever been.\nThe service was great also! Highly recommend Casa Di Amore :)
Really good food is served here service is fast and the associates are friendly and the food is really delicious! Did I already say that? It's clean, neat, the lighting is really cool, outdoor seating is nice, and there's some really awesome murals. Over all it's really amazing.
Great bartenders, cheap drinks
Stay away from the starches and indulge on all the wonderful selections of meats they have there and assorted seafood and then finish off with tasty desserts and you will be so full you have to walk the strip just so it will relieve the giant lump in your stomach
We order lunch every day for the office, and someone always goes out and picks it up.\n\nOrdered Skillets today, and they added an 18% gratuity to a large take-out order. Refused to take the tip off when confronted about it.\n\nWe will never be going back.
Food poisoning enough said.  Had to leave our show \"O\" early because of this food poisoning.  The maitre de was rude, cold and snobbish not even bothering to take our names when we arrived.  Service was wonderful as well as the chocolate souffle, but neither make up for being sick for the next 24 hours
Food good, air conditioning bad.
Bergere is now my favorite brunch!! Very pleasant environment! You feel like your in another country (switserland?). My waiter was very attentive. Again, the bergere was amazing! I was craving breakfast and it was awesome!
Ok pedicure but the nail tech was rude.\nI definitely will not be back.
The food was good, the alcohol was good, the wait and the service were subpar...
Can we say dive bar? OMG, this place was packed and full of such a variety of people, that the people watching alone was worth it.  Everyone was singing and dancing without much care in the world. Loved it. \n\nOutside was a little sketchy though.
Always have great stuff in stock, but don't always have enough cashiers!
Pho is fine but the soup is not even close to 'warm'. I would give this place 4 stars if soup would be hotter.
I came here for the first time today and this is by far the best cup of coffee I've ever had. Dunkin and Starbucks will never taste the same to me! Overall it was a great experience. So fresh, great baristas working and a super cute shop.
I love Saigon Palace too, but this place has the best pancake and vietnamese rolls in Charlotte, hands down!\n\nLove this place and cannot get enough of it.
large portions, good prices, and it tastes great. If you are looking for a good curry or kebab, then this is your place. I can't imagine there's a better place in all of Edinburgh. Cheap and casual.
Quite possibly the worst Tex-Mex meal ever served.  I had dinner with my client and staff at this hotel in February 2010.  What a disaster.  It was so bad that everyone at the table commented on how bad the food was.  Save for the chips and salsa, complete disaster.
Everything was very tasty here. I got the bacon salmon wrapped and also tried spoon chocolate for dessert, both great. The salmon was very delicious with all the tiny components in the dish. Highly recommended.
My review is specifically on the quality of the sushi. And thats very good!\nBroad selection of interesting and creative rolls. Friendly staff as well.
A little pricey, but the place to go for poutine at a random hour. Their variations on a classic are BRILLIANT!
I like this place,  but the bathrooms are disgusting. There is never toilet paper, they were out of soap last time and  they had no paper towels to dry hands. Other than that, the little cafe is pretty decent and the drinks are cheap.  Good times can be had.
I have curly hair, so I am always cautious about where I get my hair cut. Alice at the Willy St. location is awesome! She has given me great cuts, and she's fun to chat with. I had let about 5 months go by in between my haircuts, and she remembered me. I was impressed.
just easy reading nothing special paperbacks only
Solid food.  My egg white veggie omelet was huge.  I would return to Butterfield's for breakfast.
Great food, attentive staff, fast service. Expect a long wait Friday and Saturday nights to be seated.....especially if its a rainy day perfect for noodles.
Horrible drive thru service. After placing our order we waited at the window for over 5 minutes with no one completing our order. Lady at the window looked at us but never came over. After going inside we placed a complaint, no we are sorry, no explaination, only a dirty look as though we had done something wrong!
Spent a few hours here playing video poker watching football. Its an easy going environment. Nice service...basic drinks are free if you playing video poker there.. will return.
15 bucks for a large Bud Light. I think I will take my business elsewhere.  Saw the price of the beer and could not imagine staying for a while and ordwring a second beer.
its nice to hit up a bar that does not have gaming in it.  Really dig the place and the staff was nice, atmosphere was a needed change from the normal Vegas spots
4 Stars for the ambiance 2 stars for the food & 3 stars for the service.\nFun place to go, lots of seating & lots of rock-n-roll stuff but the food, ugh!
Stayed at Encore. Andrea's was the best meal on our trip. The service and the food were the best. The rock shrimp tempura and the mango avocado and tuna roll were delicious, and the strip steak with wasabi Demi glaze was also very good. Definitely coming back !
Some of my faovite clothes come from TB. If you can shell out the cash, TB will make sure you have a sauve look. Their sport jackets are the absolute best. If you love sport jackets, you might want to think twice about looking at TB's collection, as you will never find another brand adequate again.
Free wifi and awesome atmosphere. Everything on their menu is fantastic.
Decent at best. Got pulled into this place because it had 5 stars. Turns out it was only reviewed by one user (probably the owner). I'm fixing that. Not a bad place but not a great one either. Probably on the lower end of the spectrum.
0 stars.  Too many choice out there to receive bad service while paying to do business.
Best burritos ever. Very clean. Brenda who was taking orders was very polite. Love me some bacon breakfast burritos :)
Panda express is okay. Not something I will ever suggest to eat but at this location it's HORRIBLE. The noodles nor the rice were fully cooked. Food was really nasty here. I will nevee come back to this location.
Typical greasy spoon. Dive looking, average cooking and friendly staff.
Who charges extra to get a drink with easy ice??? This is not right. And they don't even tell you until the bill comes. The food was good. Got the pad Thai, green curry, and Tom kha soup. Everything was pretty sweet. Just a heads up seems like they put sugar in everything.
Quick and easy.  My husband and I stopped in here.  We told the person where we'd like to go and she gave us all these maps and books to help us plan our trip.\n\nWoo hoo!!!   Quick and easy!
Ordered the moo goo pai chicken. Wait time was very quick but it was very bland and customer service was poor also. Older lady with a thick accent took my order and since I couldnt understand her entirely she got rude. Would never come back
Mom in town. Needed a ride. Reservation number given with printed confirmation and credit card charge made Saturday night. Monday morning, called number -  answering service\" - no one heard of her reservation. No ability for \"answering service\" to correct this error. If a guaranteed ride is needed in this instance it was not provided.
I order from them at least three times a month, probably.  Their fettuccine is absolutely amazing, and I could seriously probably die for their white pizza.  Yum.  Only thing that sucks is delivery is always around an hour - but it's worth the wait!
Its fair. Feels like a dim sum style place, ie order a few menu items and share bc portions are for sharing amongst people. I would come here for tacos that seems to be the best deal here.
Get the pilgrim. Enough said.
I'm a regular here and I usually come 3 times per week. The place is quite small but clean. I think the food is okay. However,  the lady that works here is not really friendly. Every time I tried calling in, she'd give me and my boyfriend the biggest attitude.
I like CJ's. The booze is cheap, the patrons are friendly, the bartenders don't act like they're doing you a favor selling you a drink. If you're hungry there is a kitchen with cheap and better than average eats. Check it out.
Just happened upon this place when we were walking down fremont street. Great burgers and drinks. It was nice to sit outside and enjoy a few drinks and watch the people walk by.
It's really kind of a just alright. One could tolerate a meal here but when going out the idea is not to tolerate but to really enjoy.\n\nBoth me and my partner felt the food was kind of bland.
I love this place. Their food never disappoints and the portions are pretty generous. They also have good Happy Hour and the service is fast and friendly staff. This place is a 'hidden treasure'.
The food can be really good but it also seems to be very inconsistent. We've even had to send it back a couple times for being completely overdone. Same thing with the wings, sometimes they're incredibly small with very little meat. When it's good it's good but when it's bad it's terrible.
TSA personnel seem like robots, yelling their 'required announcements' in a monotone voice to hundreds of people daily. They certainly arent friendly but i guess what can you expect from an place that deals with some many jerk daily?!?
Food is pretty good. Always go during the day. The night shift is ratchet! Seriously! Very selfish with bags. They will try to stuff everything in one bag. Dining area is clean.
Love, love, love SushiSamba!  The service was great and the sea bass and Peruvian corn are delicious!
Food is great at this restaurant. It was extremely different but fun for us and our kids. You get to pick your meats, sauces and veggies. Therefore, if your food taste bad it is yourrrr fault. We definitely plan to go back to the mongolian grill.
Einfach die beste Cocktailbar der Stadt.\n\nWenn es voll ist, kann es schonmal etwas dauern. Aber es lohnt sich definitiv, auf die Cocktails zu warten.
I took the wife and kids here for happy hour/dinner.  We experienced friendly, great service.  They brought us a huge bucket of chips that I couldn't even finish.  The rest of the food was tasty and portions were large. \n\n Not a bad place to stop for a snack and a beer.
Bad service...mediocre food...what more?
Do NOT bother going to this Panda Express!! Besides being rude beyond belief I have gone in 2 times in the last couple weeks and they never have the brown rice. Once was even at opening time!!! No apology just rude comments. Don't bother, go to one of the other places to eat nearby.
A long review isn't necessary. All I need to say is this: called for a cab using their app, and got stuck with a cab driver that DIDN'T KNOW WHERE THE AIRPORT WAS. And this happened to me... twice. Same cab company. Deleted. Forever.
I had a customized mini snow ice. Greeted as I walked in. Cashier was helpful and offered to explain how the menu works. Nice clean and a chill spot. Also opens until 12. O the snow ice was yum cant go wrong with green tea!
Amazingly fast service, friendly staff, INCREDIBLE food, decent prices, awesome laid-back atmosphere. I am so very glad we came here on our trip. I had the BBQ bacon burger with slaw and I also got chili cheese fries. No regrets.
Stayed here many times but truly nothing special, wife has never been so took her for her b day. Nice rooms and grounds but there is better for less money. Pool and hot tub close at 4:00????? WTH? Staff is very friendly and attentive.
#1?  More like one star...and then only if you consider serving yourself greasy cardboard.   Very disappointed. Poor service, poor food.
Lacking in seating (as in there's none really), this take out place has some tasty creole.  Try the reds beans & rice with a double order of sausage.  \n\nMore things should come with a double order of sausage.
Ahh it was so so... We had bean burritos and a carne Asada burrito. The beans are ok and the carne Asada was just ok too. There are better places out there. The only plus side is the the price was cheap, but that could be the down side too.. :)
one of the best coffee house tea selections around... and good coffee and they are willing to make an affogato if you bring in a scoop of Gelato from next door!
This place is terrible. Only club I've paid bottles for and can't even give them away because this place is so bad. Everyone has too much alcohol. Also really rachet crowd
Management has definitely changed, unfortunately for the worse - service is slow and unprofessional. Sushi quality has deteriorated and the kama (yellowtail collar) is bordering on questionable. Definitely more of an HH spot for good prices, but wouldn't come here for quality.
This review is for that massage area they have at this mall. Very good massage a bit pricey though. 25 minute massage for $45. Neck, shoulder and back. They do get the job done!!
I love these tacos, ordered the El Pastor tacos. Wow lots of flavor just enough spice. Big patio in the back, next time margaritas!
Very good, friendly service - we had coconut curry prawns, chicken korma, chicken tikka masala, saag with cheese, naan and rice with veggies. All were good.
Buffet food looks okie.  Drink extra but way cheaper than menu price $2 fresh squeeze OJ with the buffet.  I booked through orbitz and got $20 food and drink credit.  Not a poor deal on the strip.
This can be a great and fun place if you get a good server. High enegy in the place. Friendly. Decent music. Large menue with interesting choices.\nGreat wine cellar and they will sometime negotiate the price of the bottle of wi ne.
Great hotel! So clean and nice! Right next to everything on the strip.
Salty to the point you can't taste anything else. Dead on a Saturday @ 6:30-we should have known. The waitress showed her face 2 times total & had someone else do all the rest of her work. Appetizers came out well after our actual food. Bad service- horrible food.
Food was not bad but they need to improve the service which was extremely slow and  forgetful because only three waiters were running around managing a full restaurant. I doubt we will ever go there for dinner but I heard the lunch buffet is supposed to be good and we will give it a try.
HIGHLY RECOMMEND!! Agape Turf install the artificial grass in our front yard. The quality of the grass and the insulation was first class. Extremely satisfied.
Worth the money. You'll probably see celebrities here. You have to get there early to ensure entry.
I have always found the tavern to be a good place to grab a cold one and share some conversation with your friends.  Recently they put together a bicycle bar crawl which I took part in, and had a great time.  They have all the sporting events, including UFC fights and all the NFL games.
Nice environment  with good music.  Great drinks and nice staff. You want it to be good.  The duck was deep fried over cooked. Disappointing!   Lettuce wraps just ok. Nothing really fabulous.  Will not go back!
Good food, good service, nice atmosphere
It's in a good location and works well enough as a cafe. They share their location with a wine bar that starts serving in the afternoon. It would make a pretty good date location. Depending on who you get at the counter service can be either stellar or almost laughable.
Came to this location at 10:30 on a Monday and waited in the drive through for 22 minutes for 3 chicken strip. ...yikes I think they close earlier then listed. They also forgot our biscuits :( cross that off the  place off the list they need some work.
Who doesn't love candy? Gotta go here at least once to pick out your own flavors of chocolate goodness... Yum yum :0)...
Best table made guacamole ever. Bit pricy, but the atmosphere and food were top notch. (~90 with 20% tip for 2 people w/ wine and an app).
our flight was delayed for 19hrs from Manchester to fort Lauderdale, us have offered me the $600 compensation in e-vouchers, I want cash, because the voucher can only be used on there website and there flights are twice as much as any other provider.
The hibachi chicken is amazing! Went for dinner and the hibachi chicken came with soup, salad, fried rice, and stir fried vegetables! For dessert I had the mochi icecream in mango which came out on a plate of chocolate syrup drizzle. Will be returning for sure!
We stayed here for our anniversary and loved it. Rooms are beautiful and have a great view. If you are looking for a more intimate get away from the kids the canyon suites are better and more quiet than the regular rooms and pools
Went to watch the Giants/Pirates Wild Card game there. They had the whole bar reserved for some trivia thing, yet not one customer in the bar. Very disappointed. Definitely won't be going back there to watch a game and eat/drink anytime soon.
Hav to pay for refill......use to be free but they got cheap.
I've had good luck selling stuff here, but none when it comes to buying things. I just feel like everything here is either tacky, terribly made, or just an old trend. I definitely have better luck at TJ Maxx for sure.
Very good food and organized service. They also serve beer, wine, ect. The only problem is that their deserts are awful and the ice cream scoops sitting in dirty water is really gross. If they get some cheesecake or something, this would be the ultimate buffet.
Wanted good golf courses for a short stay in Vegas. Brady set us up with very nice courses . He knows the courses so his advice on which courses to play is right on. If you want to play courses at a reasonable price and deal with someone who is friendly and knows the courses call BK's golf service.
Great hotel. No noisy or drunk guest running around. A peaceful place in the middle of sin city.
Good food. all was pretty good, but garlic fries could have been better. mmmm Hot Bunz sound good right now LOL!!!
This place is awesome;  everything we ordered was spot on and delicious.  The patio was a nice size but unfortunately had no sun!  They lose a star because they were understaffed and made people wait when there were available tables.  Also they could afford to carry a little better of a beer selection.  I'll definitely be back.
The worst.  I ordered chow fun, wide noodles.  Got home and they were skinny noodles.  Called them and got some bullshit response.  They will NEVER get my business again.
My favorite local theater to hang out at.  Buy the cup and t-shirt and you save on soda and popcorn and the shirt pays for itself if you see movies like we do.  We are here almost every week.
Try the cinnamon gelato! You will not be disappointed. It's a flavor that I don't see in many place, but it was delicious. As I was leaving I also saw that they had legit macrons. I cannot wait to try those next time!
Nice clean store, however it is the MOST EXPENSIVE Goodwill in the Valley, and I've been to all of them.  It's not really worth making the trip from Phoenix.  Also they moved to the Southeast corner of E Palisades Blvd and N Fountain Hills Blvd.
I ordered the shrimp Burrito, What I received was some of the worst tasting shrimp in my life.  It tasted as though it was microwaved it was so rubbery and tough!  Seriously buyer beware!   Really bad!  Service is still good and efficient but the Shrimp really was horrible!
Taaaaaaaaacs!!! Bomb digitty all day errr day. Uwwwwwee!
We enjoyed our meal, our service was excellent and most important to us our kids had a great time as well! The management was awesome when needed. Really have nothing but great things to say about dining in this establishment!
Save your money and go to the many other nearby salons that offer more service for the price this salon charges. The decor is nice but that's pretty much it. Terrible service!
The brunch is really nice, but going there for dinner is just not worth it. Only went because of a coupon, and I found it too old-fashioned, with sub-par food. \n\nCan't beat that donut machine for brunch though!
Maybe because I have lived in New York, but I was really not impressed with the pizza. The crust was gluey and not crispy enough. The place itself was fine but I would not come here for the pizza again.
Beans, toast, and spicy Cole slaw are worth the visit.  Ribs are dry and meatless.  Servers are nice.
My 2nd time there. As good as first time. Small little 15 table hole in the wall that serves great food. Good prices and filling portions. Highly recommend the steak kabob very tastey. Will be back
The best smoked meat in Montreal. Period.\nGot a sandwich with toasted rye bread to go and it was great!! It was tender and flavorful with enough grease to help with my hang over.
Dr. Price was very helpful and answered any/all question I had regarding my situation and pain.\nThe staff was friendly, and I was able to call and make an appointment within just a couple hours.\n\nVery helpful being it happened to be a last minute ordeal.\n4/5!
Didn't open on time. The guys just stood there and looked at me as they smoked. Not cool IMO. They finally opened at 8:15 (15 minutes after they were supposed to). Fail.
The services is horrible . Giving us attitude from the time ordering till the end. Pho is super salty and way too much msg. Things had changed. I used to visit this place every time I'm in Vegas. It used to be good then. Not anymore .
A fun and easy way to go between parts of the Vegas strip.  This price is cheaper than using a taxi if you plan to move between casinos on opposite sides of the strip quickly.  Wish it had a stop at each of the casinos on this side, but for what it does and nominal fee, it works.
Nice find in downtown Pittsburgh while visiting from California to see the fam. Good and polite service---enjoying the buffet on a slow Saturday afternoon...the service earns the 5 stars.
its packed.... waiting was the only bad thing but its understandable (: \nfood was too good \nservice was friendly\nagain the food was AMAZING!!\nill be back!!
Went in REI for the second time in my life ever trying to find a certain North Face jacket.  It took 3 employees circling the whole building twice to find out they don't carry it.  Helpful people, but kind of wasted my time.  Shouldn't someone working know what they carry?
Great place in the old downtown area of Las Vegas. Great selection of delicious thai food at great prices. Loved the short rib fried rice, the 3 flavor curry and the drunken noodles. Definitely going back when I get a chance and will take anyone who loves good thai food.
Had the express falafel pita and was so happy to find out that I got a free salad/fries with it at lunch time! :)  I only paid $5.24 and had a bigggg plate of food!  I really liked the falafel so I definitely recommend this place.  The staff was also very nice!
Like a candy story for woodworking. Selection is amazing and staff is fabulous. Both the machinery and hardwood stores are essential for any project.
wasn't the ownership change at the time in 2004... It was the cook, and recipe change that killed it. Went there for lunch, new owners... Horrible... Zero stars
terrific shop with an excellent, but not overwhelming collection of men's upscale casual clothes.  the owner was extremely helpful and honest and even let me know when he thought something didn't look good on me.  i walked out with two new shirts and couldn't be happier.  i will definitely shop here again on my next trip to Montreal.
I've been here a couple times over the years. I always found the food fair. I don't go home a brag about how great my meal was, but I'm not totally disappointed like a few others have reviewed here.
For some reason.  I'm here when I'm delayed a lot.  I'm really grateful they opened that Paradise Cafe.  A decent coffee or (insert your own) comfort food makes all the difference. =)
Today, my oldest daughter AGAIN visited the school to take her sister for a birthday hair color... AGAIN, rude... what were we thinking... I hope they are not teaching their students these POOR customer service skills.
I like perusing this place! They have many colorful decor items, including furniture, sculptures, furniture, fabric, bobbing turtles...the list continues. I bought some decorative tiles on here for $1 each. These are unique and cheap gifts, a good place to go if you want to give someone an \"Arizona\" present.
This place closed back around the first of the year.  Very sorry to see them go.
There is a good reason for the 5 stars review. It is just awesome. The sandwiches are spectacular and so tasty. Great job guys
Dollar has great rental prices but I always have to wait in very long lines and the cars usually have quite a few miles on them.  But if price is the most important thing to you and you have time to wait in lines then go for it.
We have always loved Oreganos, but my wife was recently diagnosed with a gluten allergy.  Many pizza places in the valley now have gluten free crust options.  Oreganos, please get with the times and add a gluten free crust option!!
When they had the crispy chicken deluxe meal for $2.99, I'd eat here. Recently Wendy's bean counters got greedy and eliminated it. Good move in a recession.
This is absolutely my most favorite place for gnocchi....  The bartender ruined every ounce of my enjoyment!  \nTypical middle aged, ugly, gross, miserable, divorce who hates her job and apparently needs to make her customers feel like shit!  Do not come here!!!!  It sucks!!!
One of the cleanest TJ Maxx stores I've been in. I was there during a blowout sale, but they managed to keep some semblance of order, and the staff was really helpful.  Checkout was speedy despite the massive amount of people.
Was quoted a much lower price for a car rental by the end if the whole ordeal I ended up paying $400+ for a $200 car. Brought the car back spotless(washed twice and vacuumed etc.) And they still kept $70 of my promised $250 return. Never again.
You want to get their crepes because they add value to your digestive system. I had a sandwich and it was alright.
I came here on a Thursday night. \n\n3 guys for every girl. If I was gay, I probably would've rated this place at 11 stars. But I'm not. So you lose 10 stars.
Worth every penny! We had early dinner and the wait on Friday was about 30 minutes- worth it! So much food and everything taste amazing. The service is ehh but I didn't let it ruin my experience. The mochi ice cream bar is awesome- they have practically every flavor available!
Only good thing I like about Raising canes is their sauce..The sweet tea taste similar to McDonald's so nothing new. Also they don't accept bills over $100 beware
Best pizza ever brings me back to childhood \"cornet pizzeria\"!!!!!!!
Frost got me through the last month of my twin pregnancy.  Happy, nice employees and YUMMY gelato.  Try it, but be prepared you may become addicted.  My only complaint is that pumpkin is only a seasonal flavor.
Had a very nice dinner there.  Good service and liked the decor.  Liked the 9 oz glass of wine.
shit sandwich disgusting and huge line \nIf you like organic and healthuy walk away !!! insane that they are so successful maybe because of no competition around
closed...I'm not sure how I feel about it, but I'm not broken hearted...
This store might be small, but it has charm and wonderful food... the people are nice and friendly
Has everything a baker needs. Staff is super knowledgeable and friendly.\n\n Parking is a little crowded early morning Friday and Saturday cause it gets super busy.
Wide selection of extremely fresh fish and fantastic service from the young Asian fellow. Even throws in authentic Arabic words.\n\nI thjnk the fact the fiah market is attached to the restaurant thatbis always busy makes this place better than most fish markets because of the volumes they move. The snapper and stripped bass are a must.
Had great experiences with other toppers pizza. They left out ingredients that my pizza carried. Called back to let them know and the person on the phone didn't seem to care. Just not good customer service.
I hate them. They don't know how to turn off a maintenance light on a car newer then 1995. They told me I needed synthetic oil, I don't. Very unprofessional.
Buffet is extremely disorganized! Waited in line forever, then a little longer since we're loyal Total Rewards members and had a voucher. Really Rio? Penalizing customers who frequent your business in favor of those paying cash?? I won't be back.
I had a yummy White Chocolate Martini, but other than that, it was average.  Seems like plenty of people really like it because there were lots of people willing to wait.
food was really good service was decent\n\ntransfriendly- a okay, might be a little wierd
Very good take out chinese food. Reasonably priced and we got tons of food. We were very happy with our order. I belive we had the take out special for 4 and it was around 45 delivered. Delivery was very quick
Take-away coffee. Great taste, lovingly prepared but smaller than I'm used to. Perhaps that's because I need a pint mug of latte to function in the morning.
The Nachos here are unreal.  They are enough for almost 7 people and piled high with peppers and cheese.  You have your option of Steak, Pork, or Chicken.  We did the pork and it was awesome!  Dont forget to grab a margarita!
Really loud music...\nSam Adams is a big plus...\nStaff was unfriendly.
Great food and atmosphere. Staff are very friendly. I find that they are a little heavy on the salt sometimes, so give them the heads up to take it easy on the salt.
Thank you to the amazing staff aka Tj (a goddess) dan (sweetheart) and Steve (nicest guy ever) and Adam for the the hook up :) smaller club but the best time I ever had in Vegas :))))
Only go to this location during the snowbird off-season.  Otherwise, you'll be playing bumper cars in the parking lot, standing in the pharmacy line that goes around the building twice and waiting twenty minutes in the check out line for the senior in front of you to write a personal check for milk, eggs and Dulcolax.
Best burgers in Las Vegas.
We had the cheese & desert happy hour.. Awesome price, great food, and good service! Will definitely be back :)
Went there for lunch and had a Chicken chopped salad.  There was not a lot of chicken and it was not cheap!  Everything is already made and it is re-heated after you order it.
They certainly have everything, from tiaras to bottles of that stuff you use to create real-looking wounds. A little on the pricey side, but excellent stuff overall.
Food and service were just ok. We left our camera on the table after the meal. One waitress told us she saw it and kept it inside, then the ones inside denied and took it. Have left stuff at many places before, hard to find such dishonesty in North America.
Tried my first poutine! Exactly what it says fries, gravy and bland little cheese balls. I think the rendition was good but the sentimental taste is better than it actually is.  Burger was average but on a nice roll. Street watching priceless!
I had heated seats installed in my SUV.  They were cheaper and better than factory.  Customer service was awesome and I got my car back faster than expected. These guys are great!
The TSA was extremely friendly and understanding
Rare beef and tendon pho.  OK, not bad.  Beef not that great, and the tendon was middling.  A bit expensive, too.  2 1/2 rounded up to 3.  I won't be back.  There are much better places nearby, especially Saigon Pho on Alma School.
Came here for a pastry and a sandwich before heading out of town.\n\nThis place offers a solid selection of fresh breads and pastries at reasonable prices. My chocolate pastry and chicken sandwich were delicious.
Very reasonable, professional would definitely recommend to anyone who needs a plumber.  Called Dave and he came right out that day.
Great figures, love the props for interacting. However, the smallest Tussauds I've been to with a price so high. Thank goodness for coupons!
Great staff, great Naan.  The food is ok
Have been there twice with my iphone, once for broken glass and once for water damage. Great service and reasonable prices!
The long time Pharmacy staff is wonderful! They have great attitudes which is very much appreciated. I have three CVS stores near me, but will remain at this location because of the Pharmacy staff.
I have been going to Connie for about 10 years and she has always been corteous and her prices are very resonable.  I go to her for watch repairs, band replacement, batteries and I got my ring resized.  I would definitely recommend Connie to my family and friends.
Cool idea, a place to have a drink and play arcade games.  Its kinda small, not much room to play while others are walking around (drunk).  Watch the dress code, too strict for me.  Would rather forget about the drinks and just go to the Pinball Hall of Fame.
I had 2 pairs of boots and a pair of heels repaired here. Everything cost $40 (2x heels on boots, fixed the front of one pair of boots, and new clasps on the heels). I have no idea if that is a good price or not, but everything looks good.
The wife and I stopped here for a bite and beer and was surprised. The steaks we ordered were huge and very tasty. Overall good beer selection and great service from Robin made foe a great evening.
worst service I've ever encountered. food isn't bad but would never recommend this place due to the disorganized staff and the insanely long waits for everything.
New York style restaurant. The decor makes you feel like you are in NY. Great food, feels fresh and made with care. People are very nice and friendly. I had a great breakfast. Would love to visit again. Its very close to ASU campus. What I loved the most was the pricing.
Never disappointed eating here. Friendly service, hot and fantastic tasting food.  I especially like the spicy chicken bowl.  You can have it with a fountain drink for under $6, what a bargain.\nI want to try their breakfast one day.
Can't wait to eat @ this yummy local spot during restaraunt  week!:)
Been there twice. Loved it both times. Great drinks! Busy but great service. In a good area. Tasty food.
Good place to get whatever you want, fast in and out.  Good thing they have a bank inside, but I've heard rumors that the bank is closing soon.  So they really need to do some remodeling before this place die like a Bashas' stores in Arizona.
This place is great I had the most amazing salmon there with a citrus sauce and i was cooked perfectly like seriously if you've never been go to this place for your next date night!
Very nice people and awesome job.  They took my dog last minute when PETCO didn't work out.  I wil be using them instead of petco from now on!!
This place used to be fun but is now overrun by tables as if it was primarily a restaurant. Boring. Advertise yourself as a restaurant and not a club and you'll be fine. Wasted $20. Thanks.
Right around the corner from me, really affordable, helpful staff! I had to buy a battery here last summer and they where fantastic!
So einen schlechten D\u00f6ner hatte ich noch nie!\nDie vorigen Bewertungen kann ich nicht nachvollziehen, sorry
I travel often and I've never had a shoe shine as good! Don't miss out if you get the chance.
Hey, don't advertise that you deliver when you do not.  I live 1.5 miles away and my address is out of range?  You may want to spend less money advertising about your amazing delivery service and invest in a few cars and drivers.
Standard American Italian  fare+checkered table clothes+piped in Sinatra playing in the background, = pretty safe and predictable dinner.  About what you'd expect from a corporation like Brinker.
So rude! I called the store to ask a question. The clerk put me on hold for 13 minutes! I called back and got a messaging service saying this store was closed. All the clerk had to do was tell me they were closing, and I would've patiently waited to call back tomorrow!
My best friend and I visited this resort for 3 days and have a new favorite spot!  The surroundings are divine, you hear fun eclectic music throughout....the best part though hands down is the staff!  We were met with cheerful, knowledgable and attentive staff wherever we went.  Will definitely be returning!
Amazing place, where the kitchen takes real pride in their food... I love a place where you can  tell it is locally-owned and the regulars are respected.  The food is amazing and they will customize almost anything just ask!
Just got my car tinted at Bill's 1 month ago.\n\nWent really well.  Excellent service and results.  Made an appointment on Sat and car was done on time as promised.  After the typical dry up period, did not see mistake anywhere.
PCL no longer exists.   The club name has changed to EpiQ
The people are friendly and the ingredients in each wrap are masterfully selected. So why only two star? They don't mix the ingredients together very well which makes for a lame meal. I want to have a bite of lettuce, cheese, chicken, and tomato. Not a bite of cheese, then a bite of lettuce, etc.
I have to say I was not impressed, walked in on a Sunday, wasn't greeted by anyone, didn't even know if they were open, no selection to choose from. No thanks.
This is a great place for Korean. I took the kalbi while my wife had the bibbimbap which was quite nice. The food was really good and so was the service. Would definitely be going back.
Nice place, tacos are good quac very different  and fun and  quite different, drinks can get very expensive  \n$ 8 +-$16.  Beans and rice  are nasty I mean rotten.
Food was OK, menu shows items not meals total price 4 adults with drinks $ 47.13 will not return. ....
I like this place, how the food is presented and what is offered. Some good prices and some average.
OK Let's forget this place. Bad food, horrible service and just another shitty pub on Crescent.
Gross. Gross. Gross. Save your money.
Loved dinner at STK!  Clayton was super cool. Mags is the best waiter ever. Had so much fun. Food was delicious.
Great service and they had what I came for. Some work boots. Rand H. and I called in first to make sure they had what we were looking for and they did indeed. Big 5 Gets my big 5 stars!
If it's pizza you want, consider somewhere else.  If you want the best Fuel pizza, consider a different location. I have tried this location several times out of pure convenience and been disappointed everytime in the pizza. Opted once for a calzone and it was not much better.  There's much better pizza in Charlotte.
The chicken is good here I will give them that. But this place is quite pricy for the selections. Service is slow & in-attentive. Certainly will not be returning, don't see this one lasting here.
My wife wanted to go there after church because it was close to the house.... The service as well as the food was mediocre at best.... So many better places  to go in Surprise... Rio Mirage Cafe on Litchfield is my Favorite...
One of my favorite places to eat. They are open really late (and super early) and the food is always good. I highly recommend the breakfast burritos! Yum!
Overpriced.\n\nI spent about $300 on bra, underwear, garter, and stockings.\n\nIf you have boobs bigger than a C, don't expect to find your size.
Best Japanese fast food in the valley. Great staff, clean.
Delish!!! Great variety of toppings although I wish there were more flavors to choose from. Cute little shop with seating outside. I would definitely go here again and try something else like a smoothie or even a coffee.
Overrated in my book. Not bad food, some of it was pretty good. \n\nBut, I can have much better pasta, much better to home.\n\nThe setting is very nice, though, with weathered bricks, twinkley lights and twining grape vines.
Love this place.  Great Service and great food!! UFC Fans $5 fights..   Update as of 8-25-13.  Service is worse not by fault of staff they are over worked most nights and understaffed.   quality of food has dropped to just ok 3 stars
Very well done! \nI have been to several Tommy Bahamas Restaurants and this one doesn't disappoint.
$5 pizzas at the bar are ok along with the cool wine serving machine but entrees are plain, unimaginative, and dry. Don't order them!
This is the best pizza my family & I have ever tasted. We had cheese bread, pizza and cheese ravioli and all of it was excellent.  We also tried the apple/cinnamon dessert which also was outstanding.  We highly recommend it!
If you like real authentic Mexican food you have to eat here. The tortas are amazing.\n\nHave to spend $10.00 to use a debit card but the food is so good you won't mind.
Good but not good enough to justify price charged for food.
The atmosphere was pleasant. The service amazing.  The Filet was 5 stars and the ribeye was 4 stars. The price was reasonable. And oh was it clean. Definitely a 5 star experience.
Wanted to have lunch here today.  Not even a chance of finding a parking spot.  We even went in the back of the entire complex and not a spot to be had that wasn't marked \"reserved.\"  So many of these new restaurants don't supply adequate parking for their patrons! Very disappointing!
I love CB. None in California so I come here everytime I come to AZ. Unfortunately food cold today. Out of pie so they said they would put in oven but it takes an hour to cook!!! Now I am checking out and finding my bill is incorrect. Wow...
Worse service ever, it took forever to get water, bread and our bill. We told them we were in a rush and it seems they didn't care. Too bad cause they have a nice terasse.
Got home after picking up my order and realized they forgot my breadsticks. I even ordered extra. I called to get a refund on the extra ones and was told I would need to speak to a manager, 10 minutes holding and no one. I hung up. Poor customer service. Food was good though.
Another awesome night here! Where else can you go to a fun haunted house in February! Great staff, excellent sets, enthusiastic performers, and it ends in a bar with an awesome view of the strip! What more can you ask for?
The bathrooms were REALLY dirty, I couldn't find anyone to help me, and I waited at the cash register for some time before the cashier hung up his \"personal\" phone call to wait on me.
I love Vegas!! =) That's all.
My order was simple: two large pepperoni pizzas and a two-liter of coke. An hour and a half later, the driver showed up reaking of some herbal substance or other and forgot my coke. No biggie, but I called back to complain and I got hung up on. What's up with that?
My friend took me here for lunch.  I had two fish tacos and they were amazing!  The ingredients were fresh, the place was clean, and the people were very very friendly.   I came back here for dinner the same day and took my wife and two other friends.  Everyone agreed the place is amazing.
I give Phil's grill two stars for the mountain views.  I ordered a chicken salad and could not eat it because most of the chicken was raw.
The Super 8 of the Strip. If you are looking for a cheap place, with good location, then here you go.  Just don't expect too much.
We called Leonard around 9pm very accommodating especially late at night they had a tech over the next day. \nGreat service
First time here and the cashier was very rude . The food wasn't to bad either but I wasn't impressed at all .
Happy hour from 11pm - 3am for $11.99 is LEGIT!!! The selection they put out during this time is limited, but is still satisfying if you want a good, cheap Korean BBQ fix
Love love this restaurant. Is casual enough that u can dress down but still have a feeling of a fine dining food is excellent and the service is outstanding. Crab cake is my fave!!! Can't wait to go back - yes I've been here more than 5x!!
jamba juice totally rocks i am a big fan they have really good smoothies and bagels thier services is preaty cool and you can order a smoothie with fruit only without the sugar and crap in it!
I come here almost every Thursday & Monday for football they have a good drink special which is a beer and a shot for $3 & I ordered the burger slides, which come in 3, on the bar menu. They were really good about $5. Well worth it. Not to mention the bartenders are really cool as well.
This was my go-to for my morning sunshine and muffin.  Nothing unique (compared to the run-of-the-mill Starbucks), but lots of tables and prompt service.
At ces trade show and looking for lunch. I show up at 2:03 and the host jokingly says we are closed. We laughed. But he meant it. Last year my burger ordered medium came out almost raw. I am never going back
We used to go all the time because we had such good experiences. Last two times have been awful. Rude staff- they don't care about you or your experience.
I'm writing this review on behalf of my husband because he won't get his hair cut anywhere but V's.  Even on a busy day, he never has to wait that long to get in, and he loves the straight razor shave and quick massage with that little machine they put on their hand.
Me and my friend went here for our first foot massages and it was fabulous! But they laughrd in our faces when we said only 5 dollars for a tip. Super disrespectful. Wont go back. They wont give your card back until you agree to tip higher.
The Smokehouse burger (minus the BBQ sauce) is the best burger in all of Phoenix.
So far taking four times to fix patio door that they just put new rollers on an had to cut a little off the top. Would not recommend these people unless you want to keep calling them back .
Fun place for breakfast or brunch.  Variety of egg based dishes done very well.
This is hands down the best place to rent a car in Las Vegas.  They are priced less expensive because of their location and the staff is incredibly accommodating.  Kojak, Amy, Reed - amazing service!  There is no better place to rent a vehicle
My favorite sushi spot. The sushi chefs are so nice and they will make anything you ask for. I prefer this spot over Sushi Mon. Sin City is\nSo much better. My fav is the Kasia roll!!!!
Perfect hangover meal. We couldn't make it very far and decided on pink taco. It was very tasty. I enjoyed the burrito and guacamole, and the Bloody Mary was good even though I only took two sips. Nice atmosphere and staff was very attentive.
Hidden but not enough because the line was long! Luckily the line went fast and the staff was nice and pleasant. I had a slice of sausage and ricotta. Mmmmmm. Thin crust, fresh toppings. So good!!! I forgot to order a cannoli so I will definately be back!
Nice place to grab a bite to eat at the Wynn without breaking the bank.  The Zooza burger with pastrami on it was quite filling to say the least.
Went for breakfast, but got the grilled cheese with the smoked pork...very good, \nalso had the sweet cream crepes..absolutely yummy!!!  of course also ordered the red velvet pancakes....what can I say...I left happy and full.
Heard about this place so we had to try it. Very glad we did! Loved the options available to chose from.  Pizza cooked quickly and wasn't greasy.
This place has the most amazing food. The Le Potence is out of this world. They have great fondue and crapes.\n\nThe staff is awesome. There is a TV in the lounge that your can watch your food being made.
Service was extremely slow. It was 20 minutes before our drinks order was taken. Drinks were very slow to arrive too. Meals arrived and my sliders were cold. No water was available on the table. Overall, quite disappointing. \n\nUpside - location was good.
The wifi never works. Don't come here if you plan to have a coffee and do some computer work.
Amazing looking sweets, chocolates, sweets, and more to look at. I enjoyed a scoop of the gellato. Highly recommended.\nThey have a fabulous chocolate dragon display up right now. It's perfectly lit to take pictures with no glare.
Amazing customer service. Here from out of town with an urgent glass repair need. They were fast and friendly!
Two stars for the food and some of their staff service. Minus 3 for crappy bottomless mimosas that had zero fizz to them. More like bottomless orange juice....
No surprise. Very basic grub served by tough looking staff. Overpriced. You get what you would expect from something owned by Sammy Hagar. Only went to take advantage of deal for frozen margaritas - meh. Skip it unless you are DESPERATE.
Go somewhere else for takeout!  You call and it is not made when you get there.  It is one of the few chinese food takeouts that I dont like in Charlotte.
They are getting better. When I first went here I was disappointed
It's all about the staff, second disappointment and we didn't even eat there. I thought this one would be different but I was wrong. No more sugar factory for me.
This place is almost never busy.  The food is delicious and the service is outstanding.  It is worth the money.  Spread the word around....this restaurant has been around for a while!!!!  Definitely worth the money.
I don't get the gelato obsession. No, it is not a real Italian gelato, just unreasnably expensive thicker fro-yo. And for the price of scoop, you can get a lot of goo\nd fro-yo!
Eh
Ugh... Way overpriced, same taste as the food court at the mall. And when I asked to change one thing on a dish, was told \"NO\"
Zero supplies (e.g. Flat rate envelopes) in the self service area. Now have to make another trip. Also, there was a handwritten sign made out to the attention of \"costumers\".
I travel for business for 11years. I had my share of airports. CLT needs improvements in the drop off and pick up areas. Need to expand the roads.
It wasn't bad, it wasn't great...just mediocre. Seemed like there were enough people here for more than 1 waitress...also she seemed annoyed. But overall it was ok
The owners are very rude.. food is OK..not the best
I didn't end up eating bc we went to Sushi Kaya, but the drinks were GREAT!  Plus $2.00 off for happy hour and free shot with a review
Old, dark and dirty.  Only great thing is security that moves very fast and efficient.  Great job security.  Now if Nevada can only afford to brighten up the airport and take the dark ugly casino carpet out and make it whiter, fresher and cleaner.
Too expensive,and all dudes at the bar.its very close to the house and it has a pool table,or i wouldnt go back.
Good food and huge portions. Standard mid-range chain restaurant design, nice outdoor seating. \n\nLoved the mason jar beverages. \n\nService was prompt and the waiter was appropriately contrite when my table mate complained about her meal. BBQ sauce was too sweet for her.
Rather disappointed with the diner. I was expecting booths and a jukebox. Very average breakfast.
Had breakfast there. Service is fine and leisurely.\n\noakmeal and bacon are good.\n\nStay away from the \"Classic French Toast\".  Undercooked stale bread.
Another PetSmart, but this one has some big minuses in terms of staff (they're always short with big lines @ the register) and parking (you can't turn left out of ANY of the exits of this shopping center). Otherwise, the store is clean and has everything for your furry friends!
Very friendly staff. Had an iced chi it was great. Staff asked about my day, what I had planed. Drive thru was a little tight as I have a large truck. I will defiantly be back.
Having just spent 2 months in Venezuela eating arepas every day I can say that the flavors here are authentic and delicious.  The reina popiada is the bomb..you have to try it!!
I gave this place plenty of chances but I lost hope. The owner is kinda nice. The cashier is ish.  And the most important part.... cleaning,....horrible.  I had to wipe down my car after they washed it. 25$ plus tip. I'm done going here. K bye.
I've never really had a bad experience per se, but I've not exactly been helped a whole bunch either. It's Home Depot. What more can you expect?
Love it. Wish I could go more often. \n\nGo easy on the toppings. Less is more. Great lunch specials too.
Took forever to get our food, very disorganized wait staff! Food was OK but the water must come right out of the water main, tasted terrible. Also the place was very dirty!
simply the worst, and is not even all the people that work there but the corporation core values are aimed in take every dollar possible out of their costumers pocket and not even maintain a sanitary environment on this particularly establishment.
This place sucks mega nuts
I love Total Wine. Whenever I am in town I stop by one of their stores. They have like 40+ stores over six states (NJ, DE, VA, NC, SC, FL). They have thousands of brands of wine, beer and spirits. Prices are pretty good too.
i love vegas!
The food was okay. The service was slow, definitely do not go if you are in a hurry. For the prices and the lack of speed I was expecting something a little bit better. The food did it's job though. The restaurant is cute and we had a good time.
I thought people at the dmv are friendly but my guess is wrong. The lady who helped me was being sarcastic and being rude coz maybe I was the last person she was going to help. But still, they need better training and they need to show better customer service.
Great prices on quality merchandise. Much better than similar discount stores, i.e. TJ Maxx, Marshalls. An easy place to walk into with no intention of buying anything, and leaving a few hundred dollars lighter. Caveat emptor.
We came here because I wanted to try something different. This place had very good reviews on Yelp so I thought I would give it a try and I'm glad I did. Bobby Q had really great food, service and an all around great experience.
I come in every 2 weeks. I swear it's a 30 minute wait ever single time. Always a long line here.
You get what you paid for.
Used a Groupon to try this gem out, the wife and I were very satified and left happy.  Try the fried avacado with crab meat.
If you're looking for authentic Japanese food, don't even bother.  But if you want a quick meal from a restaurant with a similar setup like Pei Wei, this could be your place.  I thought the ramen was decent, but would I go back for it?  Probably not.
We chose to Dine at McCormick and Schmick's in Charlotte this past Friday.  We had been to other locations in the States and chose to have dinner here at the last moment following the auto show.  The food was excellenct and the service even better.  If you are looking for seafood, this is the place to go.
Was in the store for over 10 minutes and was never greeted, acknowledged or even looked at.  Spent a lot of money at Z in KC but I'll not spend a dime here.
Their products are delicious.\nThe price is high but if you really want to do something special for someone this a great way to do it.\nI have ordered 4-5 baskets from them and each has been perfect.\nI certainly don't mind spending the money when you get what you pay for! ;)
If you are hungry this place is not for you. My husband and I came in to watch an Angels game and we ordered three different things through out our time here. Nothing was really good and definitely not worth the money. They do have a nice set up as far as their TVs go. The service was good but I would eat before you come.
I am very upset as I write this review.. i ordered my Food to go and I get home and it is nothing I ordered and the food looks and tastes reheated.. i won't be coming back ever! Service was horrible.
One of my FaVoRiTe places...My husband and I catch happy hour and it has never disappointed us.  The food is delish - the prices can't be beat.  Service is always delightful.  I love me a happy hour that starts at 3:00 in the afternoon.  Check it out.
Good flavor but I can't stand loose rolls that fall apart...  A bit more work on tightening up would make a big difference...  Will give them another whirl  - worth a shot.
After living here for almost two years and trying practically every threading place by my house I finally found a great one.  Shila make my eyebrows look amazing!  Thank you!!! High recommend her!
Food was great and love how easy the menu is for vegetarian/ vegans- Amazing!
It's good but not as good as the Ray's located on Greenway. Which is some of the best Pizza in the Valley.
Unable to review this place nor do I think I want to. Left 2 messages, sent an email for a large party reservation. No one has called or emailed back. Customer service is always one of my top 3 when reviewing or recommending. So far, F.
I went to Sumits for the first time today because I purchased a Groupon for the studio.  I had an excellent experience!  The studio is large, clean and comfortable.  The class was different from what I am used to but the instructor was nice and helpful.  I liked the progression and flow of the class!  Can't wait to go back!
decent room (out dated for sure)\nI didn't get the push for up-grade like everyone else had mentioned.\nI will consider to stay here again on sat. for under $50
Wow.  Hard to believe anyone would charge $24 to get a tire plugged at their business.  Sad.
The food is great & the service is even better.  \n\nI highly recommend this place.
The cookies are amazing.  I always buy a few to take home.  They need more meal selections for lunch in my opinion.  Also, they tend to run low on iced tea a lot.  Food is really great though.  Sit outside for a quieter atmosphere.
Pretty boring there was some funny parts of the show but overall you'd expect much more. Most of the acts dragged on and got to the point I was waiting for it to end. Nothing great. But the last 10 mins was the best of the whole show. Other then the meh it's ok but I was mostly boring the entire time
Fantastic food, attentive service and welcoming family staff running the front of house and dad in the kitchen is a wizard of spice and meats. Samosas alone were enough to keep me coming back everyday (had to order them again after the main for dessert as well!)
Really good Mexican food.  My favorite place here in Vegas for Mexican.  Good new location, the place is clean and nice atmosphere.  Good for families and children.  I highly recommend it.
This place is great! My boyfriend and I had a subscription thing for a few years. They have a fantastic selection and the staff rocks! My boyfriend and I cancelled our subscription because of the location change though. I don't know if it's changed, but the place gives me the creeps.
Three words: bland, expensive, bland. I went with a friend and she ordered a ham sandwich and I ordered crab cakes. We were both disappointed and found this place way OVERRATED. I think you pay for the atmosphere because the food is just your average lunch.
Hands down the quickest and most authentic Mexican food I have ever had in the Boulevard Mall at the food court of all places!! The portions are huge and the prices are great! A wonderful gem of a place!!
I have had some luck with the sales racks out front but while the remainder of the merchandise is very nice, their prices are prohibitive.
This is like any other LVAC out there, except there's no juice bar, which is a huge negative for me. Was hoping to get a protein smoothie after my workout. The staff is nice though.
Great dentist experience! Everyone on staff was super friendly, could watch tv while getting work done and the X-rays and cleaning were super speedy. Would recommend!
I personally liked Thai Rama better than this place. But then again, I ventured away from my normal Yellow Curry too...\n\nI got the BBQ thai chicken. Good, but nothing I'd wet my panties over.
Expensive, but worth it. Plain and simple... Damn good burgers. The best in town.
I am HUGE fan of this place! Good food, great company!
Love this quaint little place. The owner is the sweetest Frenchmen I've met. I stopped in on a rainy morning and had a spinach quiche. Great little place. He told me on Saturday they have special dinners and a Dj. Will be back!!
This places sucks on service and food the food is bland and tasteless. Not much of it and the service is the worst i have seen yet!\nThey never gave me a refill and tried to flag time several times, unless your asian, you may get better service!! Will never go to this dump again!
Went here this morning for breakfast and was verry satisfied with the customer service but the food was not very good! I had the chicken fried steak and the meat was over cooked and the gravy tasted like flour and had clumps of something in it! Will probably not be back! I'll stick with egg works lol
I've had lunch here and diner both times were very disappointed. Service was lacking in the FOOD just not taste good.
Waiting 19 minutes and counting for food. Drive thru getting food but not diners. Received food after 20 minutes.  One counter person friendly the other was not. Out of frosted mugs as well. How do you let your freezer not be stocked when customers are counting on the frosty mug root beer.  Will not come back.
Subway needs to watch its back. Comparable prices, better quality, and outstanding selection put Which Wich ahead of the game. And might I recommend the Wicked?
Surprised that this is still listed, they have been closed for a couple of years now... Hmmm..
Went here just before a movie. The service was fast but that's it. I ordered the mango and shrimp quesadilla. My friend ordered nachos. The food was not good. I and my friend could not finish our food and we had stomach aches immediately after.
Hate to do this but WOW my first cup of terrible coffee from here! I literally think they had it sitting around for a while-bitter and cold! Kinda disappointed since I had been dreaming about this cup since last night!
I miss the old location. They tried to make it Indian Chipotle now and the food just isn't the same quality. It's really a shame. My boyfriend and I used to love the old one as a date spot and it's gone forever. :(
Tacos el Gordo used to be my favorite. But the al pastor here is freakin awesome. These are the best tacos I've had in forever. Great service. The guys were friendly and ready to take orders. I will definitely be coming here often.
Service is great here. Very professional staff. Food is pretty good, too. I only give it 2 stars because even though the food is decent and staff is professional it's WAY overpriced. I can get the same great service and good food for half the price in many other restaurants on the strip.
Dont know why i came back to this location a second time! This place suckkss & lack major customer service. An hour & a half & still waiting...for an oil change & i even scheduled the appt online!!!
Staff is awesome. Food is yummy. My kids love smashburger.  I prefer some other places, but their food is still tasty.
I love this place.  The food is fresh and high quality.  For as good as the food is, the prices are great!  Highly reccommend if you have never been!
Not open on 1-3-10. Out of business? Waste of a cab ride from the strip.
Food not great, took forever to get food then it came out cold. Service is below average and then the waitress messed up on our tabs and it took over 30 mins to get it sorted out. Not a place to right home about!
Agree with everybody who gave 5 stars: \"The BEST Japanese food in Arizona.\" \"It's a no nonsense ma & pa kind of place with good food.\" \n\nThey provide good size portions and are inexpensive.  I like the katsudon.
Celebrated dropping our son off for college with his mother's birthday. Our server Carolann was delightful. She delivered complimentary champagne and dessert. We will be repeat customers!
Filet mignon is delish! Big portions! Fun show! Didn't catch the shrimp in the mouth though :( (just a tip, chairs are not comfy if your legs go numb easily)
Good but too pricey for what they serve (not much better than the big chains).  They should go on groupon and lower prices and this place could be popular in an area without a lot of options.
Fabulous cuts! Our whole family goes here now. Lauren did a great job with our children - she works so well with them even when they don't always sit still (they are toddlers). We've gotten many compliments, and this place is worth it.
You don't grow up in Chandler without trying Elmer's!!  Its a total dive and a Chandler High favorite for lunch.  They have the best bean & cheese burros (order it \"with sauce\").  I like the strips & cheese too.  Kind of a hangover tradition for us Chandler alumni :)
Very nice place to hang with friends!!! I had a mojitos for 9 dollars. Just curious, why the waitress couldn't deliver the check, but I had to go to cashier myself. \nOverall lovely place!
I met with David to go over several things from my upcoming taxes to different incorporation strategies. He was incredibly knowledgeable, thorough and patient. I would highly recommend that people use his services.
Disappointed that if I order off the \"skinnylicious\" menu, I can't get bread and butter? What? If i ask for it, I know that it's not skinnylicious anymore but that should be my choice...
best ramen I've ever had.\nNot too fatty or salty, just perfect
Service was completely awful... Ordered a margarita it tasted like straight sour mix... Asked for a different drink manager was rude... Save your money the food sucks too :(
If you are in the mood for fresh oysters, this is the place for you! Great, friendly service by staff who make feel right at home.
Rescued my 1962 Skylark Convertible, and took excellent car and concern for it. Rick (the tow truck driver) was great! Glad to find a quick, courteous, tow company....Since I probably will be needed their services quite a bit with this beauty! Thanks Guys!
Fabulous. Had brunch here. The Adovada with anything and the Chile Verde are delicious with a heft of spice. Highly recommended.
Went for lunch and ok.  First beer flat but replace affably and quickly.  Food ok but best part was anticipation and location.  Much closer than other stores. M
ugh. had the mediterranean omelet. eggs were so overcooked they even looked rubbery, not to mention the taste. the artichokes were hard. the feta cheese was dry. flavors were odd. the only appetizing was the toast, and they don't make that in house.
This is the place you want to be when you've had a great night out and it's time to get something to eat with some friends. It's just so good. Friendly people and a great vibe late at night.  So glad to have this in Vegas.
Vegas wouldn't be the same without this place.  This place is definatly on the To Do List when my friends and I go to Vegas.  190 Octane with a shot of Everclear....the only way to roll.
Only thing I've tasted so far that was palatable is the Wonton Soup.
Original owners of Fontanella sold the restaurant about a year ago. Definitely not the same place.
This Best Buy is alright. They usually don't have things in stock and I pretty much don't want to go there for a while because I was on hold for about 15 minutes so I entirely gave up.
Locally roasted awesome coffee. They care about coffee here, have awesome equipment (Mirage Veloce pull) and skills to match.
Sooo after minutes of searching for something new to try I come across Braddaaaaahs and ohhhh man! This place is like the Hawaiian Chipotle. Their Kalua Pig and steak are amazing. Go try this place I give it a huge thumbs up!  Oh yea and their coconut bark is so deeelish!
The food is good because newer restaurant. The salad bar is good and at a decent price. The prices are better here,then at the airport. If your waiting around by the airport for someone to come in from where ever. Have eaten at the bar a couple times now and always enjoyed the service and food!!
Be careful when you eat in this restaurant I was order ong choy it has grass in side the food they gave me an other plate the second plate it has more grass then the first plate .and the price so expensive , never again and i recommend don't go to this place .
YUM!! I have been here twice and had a great experience both times. The pita bread is fabulous. This is the type of restaurant where you sit down and enjoy the experience. Take your time and enjoy the ambiance and food. It is great Mediterranean food.
If you crave some greasey spoon food at a drive-in style spot not near anything, this is your place. Once or twice a year is fine by me
AMAZING! Great staff and amazing doughnuts!
Awesome Staff and great food!!
I just expected more from a Paradise Valley establishment.  I have eaten at hundreds of restaurants, very few deserve four or five stars.   This place is not one of them.  The food was decent but lack the flair which truly great chefs give their dishes.
Everything was too much.  Theresa was too much sauce on my pulled pork sandwich.  There was too much bread on the sandwich.  The soups were like eating a salt lick.  I tried 4 different types and they were all too salty.  I'm usually over salting dishes when I east them.
First visit durning restaurant week. Highly disappointed with the food. Fatty short ribs, mediocre salmon, gloppy sweet sea sesame chicken. The chocolate cake was really good.  The deep fried cheesecake not so much as it renders the cheesecake warm. Will not be returning.
Jamba Juice is a good way to get a healthier snacking option in when you're craving something cold and sweet. I like that they have a wide variety to choose from, and make it easy to adapt the flavors to your palate and needs. The boosters rock, too :)
Great Pizza and service. It's a unique pizza coal ovens with unique taste. The ingredients are top class so are there pizzas. If you have time this is definitely a place you need to try.
Very nice tapas, each one tastier than the other, nice atmosphere, modern look of the restaurant. Unfortunately the service was terrible. It took forever to get anyone's attention once we got seated. There were 4 of us and the service unfortunately will make me not rate this place very high. Also bring your wallet......
This place is a diamond in the rough. You must come here and get the prime rib, with potatoes and green beans AND soup PLUS any Ellis Island beer you want for $12.99
The absolute worst ribs I have ever had, maybe because they were served ice cold.  Salad bar was gross.\nPeople in the bar were very loud and obnoxious. \nPass this one and go on up a ways to Halvorsons... much better place.
Horrible customer service. Unless you are into horror movies or The Simpsons the people working the counter can't give you a honest review. However they will make fun of your movie selections and treat you like crap. Can't wait to go back!!
This place deserves no stars. Sucks and I have no idea how it's even still standing. Not many people are in the eating area usually, your waitress can be found on the bar talking with other employees while you're low on drinks or your food is in correct.
For lunch, snack or grocery it works. I have a pita breads and humus for $6 to take to my office and skip lunch.
Tried it for the first time tonight and I will definitely recommend it to my friends. Very fresh food, bursting with flavor, nice menu items...will definitely go back.
manager Veronica delivers the best service. I ordered a dish that was too salty and she was courteous all the way and made sure I got a different dish. Thank you for the excellent service!
Tremendosly disappointing. Overpriced Tropicana orange juice, awkward waiter, and very mediocre food. Will not be returning.
Had Sunday brunch here and everything we had was delicious. Short rib hash, French toast, and the chicken and waffles. I enjoied the music , the only probelm we had was the the table was super small. It seemed cramped when eating.
Even for a Las Vegas hip joint, over-priced.  Sushi quality only average (in LA, similar quality sushi would be about 1/3 the price).  Nice looking waitresses.
My husband and I liked this place. We would definitely return. Fast and friendly service. Some of the patrons were a little loud but it is a sports bar. It's a nice spot to bring a large group of people who like to watch games on TV. Food was really good and well prepared. Nicely located inside the Miracle Mile shops.
Carowinds is a fun place.....where else can you spend $4 on a bottle of water?!
the only reason i even consider giving it 4 stars is that i love beer.....they have a very nice selection !
Apparently, reservations are not valued here.  We had a reservation for 7 and were told it would be a 20 min. wait.  Walked over to Harvest Moon Grille and had lunch instead.  Wish I could have reviewed the food...
Pros: \n- Aloha Hour (happy hour) is 4:30 pm - 6:30 pm everyday, not just weekdays\n- Excellent service \n- Good food\n\nCons:\n- Pricey\n- Cookie-cutter chain restaurant
Great bite to grab before a show. My wife and I had dinner reservations somewhere else after criss angel and this was a perfect pizza snack for us to split. If you're really hungry I'd recommend getting one for yourself.
Just got back from the best lunch EVER!\nI had a braised beef sandwich, which is new on the menu. \nBraised beef and mashed potatoes on grilled ciabatta, served with horseradish cream and au jus. It was absolutely perfect and under $10.
We went on a weeknight.  Place was not busy waited over 20 minutes for drinks and to have our order taken.  We ordered an app and it came out with the meals and that was another 20 minutes or so.  Food was luke warm at best.  I would not go back.
LUV The Parlor. The front desk guy Doug is such a nice fella. We take our whole family here to get the ol mops trimmed up.
This Target location is like any other Target location.  I literally cannot think of anything that stands out about this place except that it has hybrid car charging stations in their parking lot.
The service was good. Happy Hour wine also good. Food was terrible. We ordered our dinner and within 3 minutes we had our cold meals. Very greasy. Will not go back.
Nice little place with a perfect setup for all the Apple lovers out there. Coffee really nice but I think one should try the different blends of regular coffee and not the espresso as this is not the niche for Cartel. Nice place and worth a short stop when in the area
This place has the most awesome food and best service. Manni is the best server ever and made our visit most memorable !!
Horrible poker room. No action! Maybe, 1-2 tables going on a regular Saturday night (not holiday). Go elsewhere.
Great ribs and good BBQ. The cornbread was way to dry & personally I would skip the tails. They are a little to fatty for my taste. I would definitely visit this place again thought. I loved the live music and the menu was pretty extensive.
Old school deli that has amazing food.  Chicken parm and lasagna are my favorites.  You cannot go wrong with either or both.  The tiramisu and cannoli's are perfect.  Great spot or Italian sausage to make at home too.
The experience would have been a lot more enjoyable if I wouldn't have had to get my own refill of water and eat chip crumbs. The chile rellenos and beef tacos are good though.
I really like this place. Its very close to home, priced right and overall a good experience. It has a family owned/operated feel and is nice to get away from the chain restaurants once in a while.
Amazing pizza!  The staff already knows me and what I want.  Think crust pepperoni with pineapple if u haven't tried it you're missing out!
Pricey for smoke meat place at 20$ for sandwich coke fries and pickle...  Smoked meat has no taste . Go to Schwartz wait in line u will love your smoked meat much more there...
La migliore Pizza in Las Vegas.\nThe best  Italian pizza in Las Vegas\nWwwwwooooooooowwwwwwwwww
Food was priced good. Sadly our food wasn't very good. I had beef & broccoli -- yuk!
The only reason I got to EDC within 4 hours instead of 6-7 is because I ran 5.5 miles there after my bus broke down.  Spent the whole night being sweaty and exhausted.  Never, ever, ever go with these guys.
The most amazing experience EVER! I decided to take my boyfriend on a helicopter ride over the Vegas strip at night for his 30th birthday. A limo picked us up at our hotel and then we were the last people to ride for the night. The limo ride and helicopter ride over the Vegas strip at night was the best experience ever!
Overall good. Rooms are nice ( AC or temp control doesn't work well) breakfast is well done. Cool shower water at 4:30 am but close to convention center. Had dinner in bar 2 nights and thought food was very good. I would stay here again
Save your time and money. Food was terrible and cold. Servise was the worst! Stay away!
Great Sandwich.
Very good Thai food!! As soon as you enter the restaurant, you get a wonderful aroma of authentic Thai food. Curry is just amazing. Their spicy can get real spicy. Portion sizes are good. Ambience is very basic lunch room types.
Really good tortas but not the best, service was fast and I will definitely be back.
I hate to say this but thos particular location has a poor selection. Not to mention it seemed the entire staff even the manager had attitude. I don't believe one customer in the store got greated by staff when they entered or exited the building. I'd rather take my business else where customers are welcome.
Has almost everything I need at decent prices and it's convenient. I like that they price match any local ads. This is a big plus.
I had okay service and an overall okay experience. They do not really have anything to remember them by. I might go back someday.
Interior of the restaurant feels old school. No big attractions or view. Food and service is overall good. This restaurant is off  the strip, but its a quick drive or taxi drive to the establishment.
Meh. I've experienced better.  (default for 2 stars)\n\nPretty much summed it up for me. \n\nDidn't notice any dank smell as Korinna suggested.\n\nMaybe because I went for lunch...don't know.
Everything was delicious!  Def worth the money!  Made to order.  So, it's fresh.
Since they lost their chef, the food has really tanked. Now they have come out with a new, condensed menu. Less choice, did not equate to better consistent meals.  I used to go at least once a week, but now I am not sure even their extensive beer selection will be enough to get us to keep coming.
The Tom Yum Soup with Shrimp still has a lot of shrimps hehee, the padi thai this time around was good not great and the thai iced tea still taste damn good hehee.
The food at Hawk's is shockingly mediocre.  Except for the chili, which I really, really like, everything is about as bland and unappetizing as can be.  I would give three stars but they just hiked their prices up, so two it is.
Food is great but terrible service.
Giant Coffee has a nice atmosphere, friendly staff, decent cup of coffee.
Vegetarians take note: $30 will buy you all the wilty iceberg lettuce, overcooked white rice, baked potato, and oily asparagus your heart desires. Or you can just ask for your money back and go someplace else.
Love this hotel, very clean & rooms clean also   & friendly staff & kid friendly too.. Lots of thing too do for kids .. & there buffi great also.. We will be here next year with our whole basketball team!!! For Fab 48 tournament .. Thanks. Sunset for making us feel welcomed ...
We found this place having lost patience with Cora's. What a gem! A nice mix of old world American diner and Montreal ambience. It serves all day, but we only experienced the breakfast menu on the two days we visited. Wholesome, simple fare, with unlimited coffee all at very reasonable prices.
Consistently good service and food. Love the patio year round....and the $5 pitchers of Hoegaarden.  Recommend riding your bike there, they have a convenient bike rack.
This place is no longer in business... (at least, not at this location)
This is a great place to just sit and chat with a friend.  Yes, its known to be a gay bar, but so what.  Sit upstairs and look down at the people passing by.  I've seen many a beautiful snow fall from that window with straight friends.
Best FREE appetizers I've tried (fresh bread nuggets with homemade tomato sauce) I always go for the salads, my favorite one is the ice berge salad with blue cheese dressing. (ask upon request)
Service was very prompt. I got the Lamb Burger (outstanding) wife got the Runnelstone burger. We ordered the Appetizer sampler (the cheese curds and mac and cheese wedges are incredible) they have a great selection of micro brews. And fairly priced as well
sorry.\nbut it totally sucks.
i have no idea why this place has good reviews!  my salad was ok but the dressing was pure oil!!  the gyro meat was dry and had little flavor!  try yassous greek grill on buffalo and charleston or sultans grill on village center off town center and summerlin pky!
I only eat here because of the buy one get one free coupons plus it's close to my house in Chandler.  The food is okay and the drink prices are high.
Really good food, really good atmosphere. I had there wild mushroom pizza w/o truffle oil, and it was very tasty, and some goat cheese Tortellini pasta, that were beyond good. Can't recommend this place enough.
Came in wanting to eat pho and it's the furthest thing from it. Very salty as there is a load of msg. Avoid this place it's not worth your money.
Friendly hostess and wait staff. Reasonable prices for the food and beverages. Great burgers, salads and tacos. I would come here again!
Nothing special about this place. The food is ok and the service is slow. Not enough space between tables so its almost like your having dinner with the tables next to you.
Great service an great food. Barely any wait for our food but when it finally came, I was pleasantly surprised at how good the sliders were. Not too wild about the ceviche though but that's all right. I'm easy to please.
Capechanga fries! oh my!! Love this place. Friend told me about this spot a while back and am so I glad I opted for this over steak n eggs! You can eve order half orders! Just imagine super fries but 10x better and thats capechanga fries for ya ;)
This place argues with you allll the time.  They won't do anything for you and want to make you  pay 4 times the rates of other vets.  DO  NOT GO HERE !
The food is always good & the berry salad is my absolute face! Monica the manager is so nice & pretty! :-)  I want to go at least 2 times a week!!!
I wanted to love this place because I love boba.  I love the decorations and the clean look.  I got the almond milk tea with boba, but it tasted watered down.  I also got the beef bulgogi lunch set.  It was surprising good!
High end seafood attached to a high end hotel. I liked the large bar area where I had lunch. Tried the fish (Cod) sandwich that was fresh and high quality. Great service too. I would return again when in town for any reason.
Nonchalant attitudes all around. I felt that the customer service was quite poor. They never really cared until I came in to pay for the work I had done, which made me very surprised after reading all of the great reviews. They were also quite pricey. I will most likely not return to Honest 1.
love the owner PETER ! great hands ! GREAT massage ! salon is gorgeous , cleaned , tools are sanitized , brand new files and buffers and pumice !
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!  Need I say more?\nLychee Boba - my favorite in the world! \n\nI wouldn't hang out here, but the boba is just what my belly wanted.
Great service. Fun atmosphere. Amazing food for when you just want to pig out. The only problem is there's always a 45 minute wait no matter what day or time you go, so if you don't mind waiting it's a Vegas must see :)
We come here weekly. This place is legit all the way around. Awesome service, 50+ sushi rolls and probably the best happy hour around. Awesome patio for outside, great atmosphere.
I went to the location in Scottsdale off of McDonald and didn't find anything worth buying. The prices are cheap but the quality of clothing is hit or miss. U may find something but I don't think I'll be in a hurry to go back there. Maybe I'll try the other locations. Happy Hunting!!!!
We went for the buffet. It was good. I just dont get what the hype is about. They a wide selection for decent food but the prices are too high for what you get
I got my beer fast but I was more hungry than thirsty. Sat around for 30 min and and not one girl came by to take my food order.
This is a wonderful family owned restaurant. What a pleasant surprise! I'm glad I tried it! I can't spell or say most of the items in the menu but they sure are tasty! I recommend the sample platter. It's really good and has a variety I didn't expect.
Check your bill.  When I asked why I was overcharged, dude claimed that the prices on the menu were \"old prices\".
Food was almost at the level of Houston's.  Oysters more like Red Lobster quality, steak a bit better.  Good crab cake.  Won't go back.
We love to go here. Always for a special occasion. Food is delicious and we always have so much fun.
Horrible service.   Everyone I spoke to was unhelpful.   Specifically, I asked for help to bring my food out to me as my hands were full with my child and drinks.  I was told to wait and bring my food out myself.
Very good for what it is- cheap, tasty bar food. Everything on the menu is fried and/or covered in cheese. I like to wash it down with a $5 pitcher of Blue Moon during happy hour, kick back, and wait for the inevtiable stomach cramps to arrive. It's a good pain.
Had the Ahi Tuna tacos, they were very good...their guac is good too.  I ordered a glass of wine at the bar which they just have one kind called Red, it was gross and $12 dollars...their drinks are overpriced, I'll just be ordering meals there for now on.
We only ventured here because we had a coupon for a free hot dog and beer.  Disgusting doesn't even begin to describe the \"hot dog\".  Utterly inedible.\n\nThere are plenty of other bargain and cheap eats out there.  Skip this one.
Dropped by for a coffee and BLT with a colleague from work.  Service was good, food was OK, typical east side Mario's food, decent value for what you get.
Sadly after my husband I both got food poisoning I have to take off a couple stars. If you like rolls - this still is the best place in Vegas to go ! Their cooked food is decent as well. If you're a sashimi/nigiri fan I would take your business down the street to En.
Nice place...we usually eat at the sushi bar.  Great sushi....We come here quite a bit and have always had great service. The regular bar area is always crowded.  A big happy hour crowd.  Love this place!
Great place decent food overall very pleasant experience it's definitely a step up from subway but I highly recommend
Wings are always ALWAYS good here, fires are hit or miss. Service is normally really good but we go here all the time for lunch and on on occasion during peak lunch rush it can take for ever so call ahead or build in some extra time if your in a hurry.
Not a country music fan, but somehow I still like this place... (they play some classic rock occasionally too).\n\nLive music most nights & reasonable drink prices keep this place consistently busy. Also a killer location in old town for bar hopping. Try Old Town Tavern if you need a break from the action.
I am still trying to figure out how to transport a few sandwiches back on the plane.....There is just something about Pittsburgh and their traditional comfort food!  I have addicted my husband.
This is the greatest buffet in the world.  I am sure every ethnic food is represented in this joint.  My favorite was this Spanish-Asian/Filipino fusion dish but I forgot what the name was, it was 5'8\" and delicious.\n\nWhat happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.
Interesting atmosphere, ok food, and fairly decent drinks has me rating Fiamma a 3.0 out of a possible 5.0.  I just didn't really get into the vibe of the place and being that it was offseason the place was not close to being full.  Maybe the vibe is different when it is busier.
Yogurt is watery and expensive. Fro-Yo should be much thicker than this. It shouldn't be a liquid 5 minutes after you start eating it.\n\nThe only upside is that they offer the usual samples along with a loyalty program.
Prima Lage um an einem sonnigen Tag ein k\u00fchles Getr\u00e4nk zu sich zu nehmen.
Hands down the best local record store...Steve & Kristian are awesome guys and I'm so glad they found a great location to re-open at after the MU fire...\n\nHighly recommended.
AMAZING!  Love the laid back atmosphere.  The omelet was AMAZING.  Pick your 3 favorite fillers and enjoy!  I chose mushrooms, spinach, and avocado!  Lean mean and green!\nService was quick, friendly, and educated on all their dishes!
Good food and amazing customer service.  If you order takeout expect it to be ready in about 15 minutes.
Food is decent, nothing great. However I have done to-go 2 times and both times found a hair in my food. The first time was a long grey beard hair in my omelet and again today was a brown hair in my potatoes. That kind of food handling is not acceptable.
I can't complain about the food but my service was below average. There seemed to be a lot of people working but not much going on. Maybe a better system needs to be in place. Also, a little dirty.
We ordered a mixed plate and saimin. Portions are pretty generous.  Will come back again.
Amazingly helpful anything that you need can be done here!  Great service and fair prices and never anything misleading its like have a neighborhood Genius on hand but without the pricey Apple Sales stuff!\n\nIf you need to make what you have work this is the place to check first!
A great breakfast spot!   Friendly and prompt staff.   Try the chickichanga.  It's great!
They have all of the standard Mexican food options: tacos, burritos, enchiladas, tostadas, etc. But, for a counter service place, You can do better for yourself at several other places in town.
Horrible. Raw tortillas and cold food
Seriously so super fresh! Their sashimi is melt in your mouth goodness! But with all this AYCE available out there I just feel like this place is pretty expensive.
Come with a group of friends and you'll have a good time. The interior design is pretty cool.
Here on a Friday night! Just Finished dinner :) quite some people, they only have two servers here tonight so the panchan came out  pretty slow. Ordered sootofu and Bibimpam the portion is a little small, but satiates. Will come here when I don't feel like driving to the east valley.
Great mom and pop owned resturant, serves breakfast on the weekends for a very reasonable price and lunch and dinners are delicious. Great beer selection and friendly atmosphere. Great place to stop by for a lunch and a few brews.
After pulling an all-nighter from studying for finals I decided to reward myself with a raisin bran muffin. Thank the heavens they were open very early :)
This place is close to our house so we decided to give it a whirl. The Hawaiian flare is interesting, but the sushi was just OK. DIdn't taste super fresh. We will probably just drive the extra 5 minutes to Oyshi next time.
The food is delicious stromboli is amazing and its a must visit at least once. But after repeat visits, its not worth the shit.
Was not impressed at all. I ended up ordering the special Deezee and getting sick from it. Nice atmosphere but the food was horrible.
Brutal service!!!  The ladies here do not want to be here.  Food was decent.  The only positive was a huge cold beer that they brought to the table.  This experience is not worthy of a review.
bad service. okay food. but bad service. waited forever for everything. 30 minutes for food in an empty restaurant and waitresses that just dont give a crap about women who come to eat. waited a while to get a bill too. Unless you have a penis you wont get good service here.
This place is the Pitts!!  What's up with the high pressure glass repair person trying to make big $$$ from my insurance company??  Avoid this place.... I certainly will!!!
Feta-freaking-licious. Holy shit. That's all I can say.
Good price, good hotel!clean and welcoming in a great location!If it weren't for that nasty garbage truck at 5 AM in the morning, I would give a 5 star!
It's like Schwartz's but with better smoked meat (and Karnatzl's) and worse hours. Much better smoked meat. Much worse hours.
Ribeye was the clear winner here, seasoned tender and juicy medium rare. Have a shot of Veev(acai berry alcohol) and let it all digest! Yum
Over the years I have stopped by this location a few times.  This time I was hungry and drawn in by the buy one get one free offer on the original chicken sandwich, which I think is one of their better staple items, at $3.99.  I did check out the restrooms this trip and found them to be clean and stocked.
Great, authentic Mexican food! I had pork carnitas, my husband had fish tacos, and both were very good and came with an avocado sauce that was wonderful. Great place for quick, no fuss lunch. We'll be back!
This is a classic Wisconsin Tavern and I enjoyed watching football at the Harmony.  No bullshit here.
The best Fish Fry I have had. Good pieces of fish with a thin crisp coating. No skipping on the fish part. On Friday you can get All You Can Eat. The service was excellent and a great Irish atmosphere. Was dark and loud music is playing FYI.
Truly excellent breakfast.  We liked it so much we went back the next day.\n\nThe second day I had the Lemon Poppy Pancakes, which were a sight to behold.  They had to be 12\" in diameter, they covered the entire plate.\n\nCannot recommend enough.
The service is the worst.  You can order all you can eat, they just will never bring it.  Food is fair.  My strong recommendation find another spot!
The BEST donuts I've ever had!  The apple fritter and buttermilk bar are heavenly.
Less then stellar steak.  Typically the food is above par, but tonight's ribeye was something I expect from Chili's.  Not sure if they have a sub-standard cut of steak for their $69 \"dinner for 2\" or I just got a really greasy, fatty, overly charred Food Lion steak.
The food and atmosphere was really good! I love the decor in this place. The food was very well cooked and the pierogies were amazing! The only reason why they don't get 5 stars is because the waiter was taking his sweet time by talking to someone else.
Ticket line fairly quick. Concession had lots of choices prices average for movie theaters. Great seats. Clean and comfortable.
First visit but not the last.  Great value for the quality and variety of food. Everything tasted wonderful.  Desserts are wonderful.  Lunch line was long but it moves fairly quickly and so worth the wait.
The worst lunch ever. the food tasted gross and the service was horrible.  I will NEVER eat there again!!!
MTD is a great way to get to class when the weather is nasty.  However, the buses are often late, so be sure to choose a bus that arrives to your destination a few minutes early.  At least the MTD buses are free to students.
Super casual little hole in the walk but good food at fair prices. Great Thai tea! Biggest issue for us was language barrier when ordering but we managed...
The food was just ok. The people seemed very a loof and not too professional. I do not even remember what I ate but there was a wait. Nothing special and crowded in.
Made to order pizza and sandwiches. Great alternative to endless chain restraint food
food is authentic! Didn't take long at all!! gyros + greek fries = heaven in my mouth  a little pricey but worth it!
Best place to dine in Fort Mill.  I've never had a bad meal at the Dish and the service is fantastic.
I visited Hula's today for brunch and enjoyed every bite of the Mango Chicken Caesar salad that I ordered.  My friend ordered the Hula's Hangover Hash and she loved it!  I can't wait to come back and try more from Hula's menu (it all sounded so fresh and delicious).
This place is fabulous!! Went here for the first time with 3 carnivores (I'm the lone veggie) and everybody left happy! The hand rolls, crispy \"chicken\" sandwich, pho, and Hawaiian style fried rice were all amazing. Can't wait to come back for more!!
The service was great. (Alice) our waitress was really helpful and gave us what we needed. The food was good. Buffalo meatloaf was tasty, chicken was good. Vegetables were a little garlicky.
Excellent burgers..love the spicy options. Have been here four times and the service has been good everytime..nothing like a burger and cold beer on a hot day!
Best pho place in the east valley and prices are fantastic. I am a huge fan of the fresh spring rolls. I ordered a seafood pho, meatball pho, shrimp fried rice, and order of fresh spring rolls for $25. Definitely a favorite!
Vegan desserts in the AZ desert. Is this an episode of the twilight zone? \n\nIt's just a testament to the growing diversity in body, mind and palette here everyday.\n\nI love the fact that I eat their ice cream and don't feel fat afterwards.
I was here for just a minute, which is how long it took to chug a PBR.  I loved the setting...dark and somewhat foreboding, but colorful.  They had a DJ in the back, but I did not partake.  I will the next time I'm on the South Side.
Charles was a fantastic help when I came in looking for a new juice. I told him what I was looking for and he immediately had a recommendation. The store is clean, well organized and comfortable. I couldn't recommend these guys more.
Went here once and waited over 5 minutes to be helped. I was the only one in the store. Took me 15 minutes to get a slice of pizza and a drink when it should have taken less than 5. Service was not very good and the pizza was medicore.
I've been going there for years but just switched to another place. Their new hours are terrible.  If your don't go for a couple months they make you buy another package to get back any unused tanning sessions. I was deployed and couldn't tan.  Bad customer service.
Such a beautiful venue! So glad this is here and can't wait to visit each season. The Xmas display is absolutely gorgeous. Buy a glass of wine and stroll around! Thank you Phipps!
I've been wanting to stay here for a long time because the hotel is so pretty inside.The price was right.  The room was a typical hotel room but the cool part was that we had an awesome view of the pool. Other than that, nothing more to speak of.
I doooo LOVE it here. Met so many great people on this lake, super fun and lots of room during the week...Great parties on the weekends
My fist time here. My son's choice. Everything was good . Our server was super nice and informative . The food was as expected.
This was okay, nothing great. Ribs were very fatty, tough, and chime bone was not cut off of the rib. Hush puppies and potato salad for good.  BBQ was also good, not great.
I was drunk after the buffet.  But I don't remember the food being that great.  Would not go back cause the price is too steep for a buffet.
Went here by myself while at a conference. Loved the fact they had a price fixe menu (picture included). $30 for an appetizer, entree and dessert. Staff was great; loved the open air feeling of the restaurant.
Ordered delivery and was told a half hour. One hour and twenty minutes later they diver a burnt pie. Tip the driver $3 and he graffitied my front porch with wow! Will never order from here again.
I went here yesterday and ate at Dillion's BBQ, I had a tiny issue with my food and they fixed it instantly and it was perfect. The manager was great with me, and I will defiantly be back
I never write reviews for fast food, but this place was clean and the staff was pleasant.  The food, well it was Taco Bell would you expect anything different, it was good
Waitress here are so f**king rude, no drinks, no side dishes, no menu, no one takes care in almost half hour since we walked in. Strongly recommend u guys do not go there!
I have been in search for good Pho and so happy that I have found it.  Tastes great, good service, reasonable prices.  I have tried multiple Vietnamese restaurants around the area and this is the most consistent with everything - never disappointed.
Was out this way for a class and tried this place for lunch, amazing food and wonderful customer service! Everything was made in house and you could tell!
closed down - hope they open close by - granted the guy behind the counter was awful but the food was tasty-not as good as precious owners (even tho same guy cooking) but it was still tasty.
Great place for the whole family! They have a little for everyone. Kids games and puzzles, family games classics, and a great selection of tabletop RPG and some easy to learn wargames. Staff is really nice, knowagable and helpful. The owners are always in and out to see what the customer wants and they are quick to respond them.
Fantastic Thai Food! Friendly service too!
Expensive gimmick.  Missleading website.  Wide angle lens camera makes it look big but is smaller than my kitchen.  For $25 dollars to get in, it was a real disappointment.  We felt ripped off.  Plus the free drink was absolutely aweful; it reminded me of the trash can parties we went to in college.
Dont take orders by phone. For someone who was ordering a surprise lunch pickup from South Carolina, that was not helpful
If you have not had the teriyaki  char burger... You are failing at life.
Knocking you guys down a star. The place has become a rather hit & miss as of my latest visit. Broth used to be richer, portion more generous, service has gotten a bit more prompt not enough to warrant the 3star.\n\nTime for a new backup pho place?
This experience is spendy, but isnt everything at the Ballpark. However, the food is very good & diverse. Reservations for a table overlooking the field & awwww: a baseball fan is in heaven.
Best choice of ingredients and selection of toppings I've seen in a pizza joint. Spotted goat is great but what's really great about this place is a vegan actually has options on this menu.
I stopped into this little East Plateau coffee shop a couple weeks ago. It was a decent little place. I wouldn't go out of my way to return, but if you live nearby give it a try. My coffee a great and the staff was friendly. I guess that's all we really need from a coffee shop isn't it.
The environs of the private room we dined in were nice and the service was above average but not expert. The food was unremarkable.
Great food - but not enough and VERY expensive. 3 scallops - $38. better off getting a cheaper meal elsewhere and spending the cash you save on the tables. server was visibly annoyed when we asked to split the bill. cheer up mate, your tip was decent
Great friendly service. Consistent food quality every time. It's nice to come back and see the same team working so well together. Always a pleasant experience!
Clean and comfortable - very friendly and helpful staff. Had some special requests and they were great about it.
LOVE LOVE LOVE the people at Arrowhead Nail Mall & Spa! Lindsy does a fantastic job!!
I'm still crying over Social House being closed, but I may be able to dry those tears soon. I've heard that they are in the process of building their new location at City Center after the new owners at TI kicked them out. Let's hope it happens by June!
Update: now its colder and the songs are shittier but i keep going.
Ridicious grease. Too many french fries. Bring an appetite!!\n\nI'd much rather eat at Uncle Sam's!
I love the place. Not the typical dark casino. Everything is light and friendly. The dealers are super nice. Try to find Tracy. She is so much fun to play with. Overall a good place to stay.
Food was not great. Service was poor. Atmosphere was the only good thing about this place.
Eexelent store and very helpful owners. We went there on our way back to LA and picked up a few items. Everything was top quality.
I really enjoyed it.  Think of it as a better version of the mandarin..Tastier food, better quality food, better atmosphere and a hell lot cleaner! Good work.
Pad Thai was okay. Orange chicken was pretty good and crab puffs was also decent, but portion sizes are terrible. Those three things I got almost cost me 30 dollars some how....
Dr Glassman has been a caring and thorough physician. He takes the time to make you feel at ease and important and he always explains everything so I can understand it. His staff is friendly and kind and they always remember my name and make me feel wwlcome. Highly recommend this Doctor to anyone!
We went in to this location last week.  We left.  The air conditioner filters in the ceiling above the staff were nasty.  Then we looked in the freezer and the coils were just as gross.  A cleaning might be a good idea.
My husband went there for date night. Atmosphere great!  \n\nIf you have a soy or nut allergy do not go here as they have nothing but salad for you to eat. \n\nAlso will not be going back because my husband got food poisoning from the calzone.
I like their pizza but they need to improve on their wings and maybe the cashier need to be little nicer...  I like the other locations better than the west side location.
Food is good, but service is terrible. Waited 45 minutes and only half our food came. They forgot the rest.
I went to nail shack for the first time its was very dirty and the signage wasn't very good.  The workers couldve been more friendly. The man who did my nails was nice. My nails look awesome but i probably wouldn't go  back because of how dirty it was.
food was good as always . papaya salad last time wasn't taste the same as before
This place is awful and does not meet McDonald's standards by a long shot. Do not stop here. Servic3 is terrible dood is xold and usually comes out wrong.
I chose this place because it is so close to my home. Unfortunately the food was not good at all. Not much taste and the sesame chicken was super tough. The lo mein was okay. And the wontons were pretty bland and a little softer than other places. I will not be eating here again. I threw most of it away.
To be honest I expected better. The burger was sloppy and the food was over-priced. I paid $22 for one combo and one with just a burger and drink. Not cool fatburger!
Very nice place to grab a bit to eat.  Big portions friendly staff.  They should push the bacon more it was amazing.  Yes I know all bacon is amazing.  This was bacon squared.   Get the full body Mary and the biscuits and gravey or chicken fried steak.  They will not disappoint.
Had lunch here today. All in all, the food is tasty and I've been her several times before. Unfortunately, my co-worker got a hair in her food and had to wait for them to re-cook it, but that was a huge dent in the dining experience.
As I eat more and more sushi, I have been eating rolls less and nigiri more. The sushi here is fantastic. Great fish, cut perfectly, with amazing rice. That's all there is to it. Simple things, executed well. Very rare to see this high level of attention to the nigiri in an AYCE joint.
Food decent. Spring rolls great. Pho, have had better. Service was not great.  Everyone was on their phones when we arrived.  Overcharged for one entree. Probably will not come back.
i discovered this store while visiting Las Vegas. Love the assortment, the prices and really friendly staff. I wish we have a chain like that in Vancouver, Canada.
Yum, yum,yum. Yucatan pork rocks and plantains were cooked perfectly. Waitress Sunday was great. Bar was a bit under staffed, wine order took too long, but ultimately they came through. We will be back.
Decent Cheesesteak especially after a late night out on the town!  Lunch line type service which is very fast and friendly and expect the line to be out the door if visiting during late at night hours.
Got my skates sharpened at this location and didn't realize until I stepped on the ice that they didn't sharpen them at all. They took all the edge off and made it a flat surface. Ice den fixed my problem..
Horrible service!!!! Very rude and pushy waitress. I will never go back.......we were told that she would only take an order from one person!!! She could not be bothered with speaking to the 7 of us. Overpriced and not worth it
I don't really like But  review just I don't recommend  no one -go there because I swear I will never ever go back there even it is for free
Pretty good. Not great but good. I would return though and try other stuff. I do like that its locally owned and operated. I noticed that the people coming in seemed to be regulars and the customers seemed to know each other. Maybe I'll update my review after trying other stuff.
I typically enjoy coming here to play tennis, but I gotta tell you, it's annoying when people occupy the courts playing everything BUT tennis. The smell of marijuana is off-putting as well, but that's fairly rare.\n\nAll in all, it's a nice place to come to.
Awesome local place, doing burgers like a boss! Prices are unexpectedly low for how great the burger is. I had the PB&J, which is a risk, but one that pays off! The sweet, the nutty, the spicy.  Just try it!
Totally unimpressed. Way to expressive and was rushed off our lane 10 mins before we even finished. I was with a group of girls and we opened a tab on my card and the server encouraged them to just bill my card
Great service, happy hour and food! I was in Vegas for 4 days, had dinner here twice. I don't remember the bartenders name but he remembered me when I came in, staff was making it a fun casual atmosphere. I will be back anytime I am in the area!
Bought a new home and needed pest control asap ...called around and even scheduled an appointment with another company. Professionalism, friendly, and knowledge here was the best plus competitive pricing to boot!
We figured we'd give it a try even though the reviews weren't great.  Brother in law enjoyed his wings and the beer wasn't bad.  Bartender was helpful.
The guy pushing his hotdog stand probably makes better dogs than this place. It just had too much going on and seemed like they were trying too hard. Call me old fashioned but i didn't care too much for these \"gourmet\" dogs. Also, their onion rings were way too greasy and burnt for my liking.
Love this place. The decor needs an update but the staff is super sweet and prompt. Crab puffs are always out quick but when we are in the mood for pot stickers there is a wait as they make them fresh.  Very worth the wait. Kung Pao Beef is my fav!  Enjoy!
Worse than store freezer pizza. What with the cold cheese on top of hot pizza? Terrible. If you want quality; Fiori's is a few miles away.
Bed bugs! 2 of us in 2 different rooms, both fairly badly bitten. Property were actually combative, denied they had a problem, accused us both of lying and apart from offering to do our laundry (with a number of caveats attached) did nothing. Miserable customer service from a battered, tired, dirty & old facility.
This place is a joke.\nId rather be at Tao or Pure.\nThe maloofs really know what class is. Britneys classy!\nhaha\nno thanks.\nthats all.
First time here . Had cookies and crime frapp. It was ok.. Not S rich flavor as I thought!! I will try Ny cheesecake next time. yum
Ok place. Flaky on special orders and overly aggressive with selling.
Its just the BEST MEXICAN FOOD that I HAD in my life!!!\n\nMindblowing tasty Salsa\n\nAnd DELICIOUS Guacamole Enchalada!! Dont miss this if you are in Glendale area!
There for breakfast and the Italian style Coffee is better then any Starbucks and really hot to boot.  Our sandwiches were fresh and tasty and came with a nice side of it fruit.
On a split decision place to go for happy hour, my fiance and I went to try out Paymon's. It was an excellent choice. The drinks are heavenly and being a bartender myself, that is a huge compliment. The happy hour prices are great and the appetizer quite delicious. We will definitely be going back soon.
Haven't been to one of these in awhile. Probably will not revisit this one. Fried pickles were Terrible. Super greasy, smelt like burnt oil, no breading. Like eating hot stinky pickles.sin city burger was Ok.
The guy who helped me was really rude and barely said a word to us. Didn't even give us the different price options and it ended up costing a lot more than we expected. Unfriendly and made us, the customers, feel like a nuisance.
This is the my second time watch the O. unbelievable show! I highly recommend it. Love the musical the performance. everything about it. By far the best show I've ever seen !!
This place is a great local theatre. It is a no fuse place to check out a movie. I went on a sunday and it was like 5 bucks. yes please. Got me some popcorn and saw a movie rather comfortably for under $10. I will continue to come back here to check out movies.
Terrific location, staff was legit. Small selection of retail. Fast service. Packed lobby. You can see the ocean out front. They have a good selection of  treats if you get there in the am. If you are a partner this is a real bucks so you can get you deal on.
Awesome dishes - gluten free and fabulous options for very fine and diverse tastes!
Ahwatukee Animal Hospital has been our vet of choice for more than 15 years.  I can't imagine taking my dogs anywhere else.  The care has always been excellent, even through several major medical crises, including one dog with cancer.  The vets and staff are wonderful and caring.
Always happy to support this local business. I refuse to pay $160 for a new battery. I can get a new one here for $65 with an 18 month warrenty. I could also buy a used one for $35 with a 6 month warranty. They always take care of myself and my family.
I love this place. It's a little hole in the wall place next to Lifetime fitness. The foods always good and i like that it it's right next to my work
I love this place! The employees are super friendly. I am not a good cook and neither is my wife so we are always craving home style food. This place has it. The prices are fair and the food is defiantly worth the price.
The turkey sausage and egg sandwich I had was pretty bland. It's a chain though so you kind of expect it. The eggs looked like rubber. I wouldn't try to go here, but the staff is nice so if you have to no big deal.
You can find a better burger but you can't pay more for it.  $40 for a burger, fries and shake!
food was just okay but our bartender/server Miguel was super.  He was very attentive and he asked if our drinks were strong enough.  He was willing give us extra liquor.
Food here is good. Service is bad and the people are rude and also very dumb. Hi-hoh!
We used to eat here all the time, when it was Terrible's. With the takeover by Silver Sevens, the quality diminished greatly. We gave it 2 chances - but, that's it. I was told that they had a new \"executive chef\". Should have kept the old one.
Love this place. Its just down home Phoenix action. Missing some of my old bartenders but the new ones are super nice.
The soft pretzel app is the bomb! I get it everytime I go. Service is always awesome and they have great drink specials. This is a great place to go for great food in a bar atmosphere
This place is ok I usually order the lox bagel with cream cheese and the wife gets the egg cheese sandwich  neither sand tends to have much flavor for some reason the bagels are good though the help tends to be young and or non friendly unless your a regular and with that level of service I will  defenitly will not be a regular
Use other airport shuttle. Very bad customer service from sales to driver to phone customer service. Deserves no star.
This is how pizza should be done! Great thin crust; generous helpings of cheese and perfect sauce. The pepperoni and sausage were also fantastic. They had pizza by the slice and I actually ordered a pizza to go after finishing our whole pizza at the restaurant. Top notch pizza!
Went here for lunch. Took over an hour to place our order and get our food. We had to have the food put in boxes right away. Only reason I'm giving it two stars is because the Saba was really good. The sushi should be avoided.
Everyone at Funktional rocks !  They have a great program which is highly motivating and brings healthy results.  I would recommend Funktional to anyone who wants to enjoy their workouts and get healthy at the same time.  My wife and I have been members at  Funktional for over a year,  the results are superb!!
Great sushi, and the service is outstanding! The place is quite small but worth the wait. They will however take reservations. A must try if you love sushi!
The food was good (a Cobb salad), and the atmosphere was pleasant.  I found the prices a little high ($16 for a salad?  Really?) , but given that Lake Las Vegas is a little piece of the Strip in the middle of nowhere, not unexpected.
I really loved the decor. The sushi was very reasonable priced. They have a discounted menu that we ordered from and it was great.
No happy hour on pick ups, means 14$ for a tiny roll cut by Michael J Fox. and two delicious pieces of yellow tail. The server didn't have change, and they put the fried roll in with the nigiri so they were very sweaty, and warm.
Really?! Adding potatoes to canned corned beef hash does not make it 'homemade\" as menu states. Very deceitful. And also, poached eggs are NOT the same as basted.
This is my favorite sports book place on the strip!  We go here to do our bets every March Madness season!!  Also, the lines go quick and the staff is always very knowledgeable.
Delivered within 45 minutes as promised. The sauce is pretty hearty.  Unfortunately the pizza was burned so it was not that great. Average overall.
I will NEVER rent from this place again! I had a terrible experience and the customer service over the phone for this place sucks. If I need to rent another car in the future, it'll be through Enterprise.
All you can eat is an excellent deal, with made to order rolls and everything else on the menu.  The alacarte prices are reasonable too.
A $13 steak as good as some $50 steaks I've had.
I love to eat here. The food is good, light and fresh. Tasty cocktails if you're in the mood and convenient for a date night with the hubby.  My favorites are the tzatziki and the chicken phily pitta.
Came here during Mother's day.  Cost was about $19-20.  They served Mexican, Chinese, sushi, dessert (cake and ice cream), breakfast, salad/veggies, and seafood.  Drinks served were soda, coffee, and champagne.  Overall, the food was just okay.
I'm in the service biz.  Staff was attentive and friendly.  Love the small space and design.  I highly recommend.   Dale's Pale Ale in a can....good stuff!
Very helpful staff, food prepared after ordering, very flavorful. Would highly recommend!
Food was spicy \"HOT\" just like I like it!! It was very large portions ~ super dive bar but likeable... it's Vegas Babie!
Over rated.  Food was average overpriced 3 dollars for a cup of average coffee. Service was very good that was the only plus here. Don't waste your time here
BEST.\ncorned.\nbeef.\nhash.\nEVER!!
Stopped here today for lunch with my grandmother. Had a grilled chicken sandwich. and a California burrito. We went drive thru which was a little on the slow side. However our was correct and we got alot of food for the money. The staff was friendly and got our order correct.
Decent atmosphere, free wifi, friendly staff. But the iced coffee tasted like water. \nThe cookie was delicious though!
Ordered the pepper tofu and was expecting it to be a nice pepper sauce!!! All we got was tofu in pepper with no salt !!! Could not eat it with rice. Had to ask for sauces and fix it on the table. Thanks but I can eat at home if I need to cook my own food !
I've eaten the brisket of Texas and the vinegared pork of North Carolina.  I've savored the best meats in Memphis and met Kansas City's Arthur Bryant himself. \n\n\nLi'l Porgy's is the best barbeque I have ever had.
Two levels of all your baking needs. Found it rather pricey ( but everything here is expensive). They did not have tons of variety but they are well stocked.
It is over priced ($30) for what it has to offer. Not much varriet and the food does not have the best of taste.  The desert is good though.  I do not recommend this buffet.
Great veggie sandwhich! You gotta try it!
Great Indian food,  great atmosphere and great service. I also appreciated the waiter being very receptive and helpful when we were picking out dishes knowing we'd never had Indian before.
In the mood for comfort food...I was disappointed.  The grilled cheese was flimsy, and I couldn't eat the soup.  I forget why.  I thought it was way over-priced for what it was.  I won't be going back there ever again.
The crust was really good, but there was too much cheese / too little sauce. The cheese was undercooked a little as well, not burnt or bubbly, and it separated from the slice. We ordered near closing though, so it might be better earlier in the day.
For the price I was really expecting better. The bun on my burger was soggy and the meat was just ok. I had the salted caramel shake which was really good. The zucchini fries were good but greasy. If I were to come back I would just get the shake.
Good value for the price of the introductory offer since it is a Monthly Program similar to Massage Envy. First massage is $49. Got the Hot Stone Massage for the first time, I went ahead and joined the program to receive the monthly hot stone massage. It was very good.
Great shop with friendly knowledgeable staff.  Well stocked for all mountain and road biking needs.
If you gona eat Mexican food on the strip. Eat at Diablos at Monte Carlo. More reasonable
Amazing ribs and pulled pork! Sauce not overpowering. Potato salad has sour cream and dill in dressing, which I love. Fries were seasoned. The best I've had had in this area. Plenty of bottled beer to choose from.
Excellent Dirty Martini! Service just ok. The service could definitely be improved! Our waitress is making us feel as if were putting here out!
Mediocre quality of food in huge All-American portions. Kind of disgusting. Lots of people love it though... This place is always packed with dudes chowin down on breakfast food.  God bless the USA!
You would be smart to stay clear of Clearwire. Let's just say I have had to file a complaint with the BBB (Better Business Bureau)\nTheir internet connection & customer service is REALLY bad!!!!
Over priced for you get...don't believe the hype. Three people, 3 sandwiches and 2 fries, $45.00 at a walk-up. And if you have high-blood pressure avoid those fries.\n\nDisappointed local.
White trash bar. Got shot up one night a few years back. Good thing I was at the Apple!
Found this place on Yelp while vacationing in Vegas (yay Vegas!) I'm really glad we drove out of our way for this one because it's worth the 30 mins drive and some!  Our faves include the spicy Mexican roll, big island roll, fried oysters and the garlic tuna.
Visited here based on Yelp comments. Very nice atmosphere. Good iced coffee. I recommend this placed and will definitely come back.
Only visited once...  Nice store, friendly people, great location!  We shop most often at the Tatum and Shea location.  Check out our review of that store for more on our experience with Choice Pet Market in the Phoenix area!
Nice bar! Awesome set up and good size TVs! Jukebox and pool table! Not a huge place but definitely worth checking out! Great bar food and great service too!
Our server Joe was great. Very accommodating and recommended choices tasted great. I had the tuna melt and my husband had turkey burger. I ordered the sexual  chocolate and my husband ordered the peace love and harmony. Great eatery. Will come back again.
A very ocnfusing casino layout, but isn't that their goal?  Some pits were very warm while others were very cold.  Off the beaten path but worth a visit to see the casino and shops.
Stayed here in a bind...crappy pool, crappy dining, boring view...plus side nice bathroom...overall I'd rather stay at The Quad which is a dump but in the middle of EVERYTHING!!!!!!
I love the sports book. Not smokey.
Great atmosphere! Extremely entertaining casino! The bartenders and the dealers had great attitudes and were there to make sure you had a good time as well. Definitely recommend one of those margarita blenders. :) If you're a parrot head then definitely make a stop at the Margaritaville casino!!
Fantastic vet!
Good eggs and house fries.
This wendy's location has failed me time after time. Poor food quality is common.
Service is incredibly substandard.  One would say reliably awful if you needed any assistance on the sales floor.  Shop online is the best option instead of dealing with a sales associate that is very obvious that he doesn't give a hoot.
S'more sweet potato fries are awesome!!!
felt like it was below quality meat covered with a straight from can type sweet sauce on top
Great tasting food. Had the linguine al mare.  Very tasty.  Service was leisurely.
This place is nice and cool. It cost $20 for admission. Way over priced. It should be in the $5-$10 range.
I had my eye's threading for first time was great!! I got a henna art on my face and had my hands  done!! The work is so pretty!! I will be back Henna is the way to go. only 55.00 for all of it too,
for a chain, this place is legit.  I ate 3 out of 4 nights I was in Vegas.  Pizza is consistent and very good.  the sauce and crust is on point.
Geniale Location (auch mit Pl\u00e4tzen im Hof), gutes Bier und leckere Speisen. Einfach klasse
You'll be craving their hot & spicy cheese bread after your first taste... Sooo good!
Need a tea strainer for tea pots! Little leaves of tea in actual cup isn't that appealing especially if the assistant says its normal ... Make the strainer piece, holes smaller! Or offer a tea strainer! Nice tea without the leaves floating and nice croissant too!
Lost our order and ended up waiting 30mins till the issue was addressed. Horrible when im hungry af.
I expected more.\n\nI had a premium fountain view room.  It was great to see the fountains when I wanted to.  But I had to hear them when I didn't until they ended at midnight.  It was akin to fireworks or a thunderstorm.  I paid extra for this noise?
The food was awful. The beans and rice were old and reheated. My fajitas were cheap poorly cooked sliced chuck steak. Immediately after we finished, we were asked to give up the table. This place should close. It totally blows chunks!!!!
Love LOVE the food!  Love the price!  Love the selection but this place is SO loud with music THEY CAN control ... it would make me think twice before coming back!  They have it cranked, they can not hear the customer, we can not here them and it is crazy!
This hotel is one of the top on my list , not too expensive but is great, love their pool and since I always stay here when I'm in business trip is very convenient for me
Used to come here back in 2009 and the food was great. Driving by today I decided to stop for a late lunch to kill some time with my beau ! I was extremely disappointed with my chicken Philly and wings along with zucchini chips..this was a horrible meal. Bland all the way around.. maybe they changed owners or something
This is one of the best places to learn from, I've learned so much from these instructors and the style itself. My confidence has gone through the roof! My health has gotten a lot better because of this place. Everyone here is awesome and fun to be around, this place has changed my life for the better.
Great overseed this year.  Fairways are full and greens in great condition.  Some of the best rates in town,  still a little slow pace of play but they allow you to walk the course.
Good food, but rather order carry out. Staff was very rude and not welcoming. This continued during meal too! It was consistently bad.
Doctor Ragaini delivered my son in June 2011 and I have to say, she is the main reason I'm staying with New Horizons -Ahwatukee Location. The office staff appear new, lax, rushed, too busy, sometimes confused and I'm glad I'm not the only one.
Ordered the DY Cheesesteak and Fish and Chips... And cleaned our plates. Best cheesesteak in town. Bar none. Atmosphere and service lacked a bit, but food makes up for it.
Had the south side street dog and it was excellent.  Portions were big and the sausage they used was great_.  lFor dessert crushed the deep fried smores, also excellent.  Tables near bars facing the kitchen have a perfect view of every game on TV.  Went for MNF and had a good time.
The staff is incredibly rude. I pay $20 dollars a month to go here and I am treated like a child. Half the equipment does not work properly. The changing areas are nice though, I will give them that. I would take my business elsewhere. No customer service here whatsoever.
Being from the bay, we loved this place! Giants fans only, great vibe & atmosphere... can't wait to go back!!
Probably the worst tasting food I has ever eaten.  Plus, the service was like a person giving lines in a play. Saying what needed to be said and not listening to the responses and having a Stepford Wife like fake smile the entire time.
It was my first time ever in Vegas  and I was very excited once i saw the hotel . I thought it was absolutely beautiful, It didnt take us to terribly long to check in wich was nice. However we spend an entire hour trying to look for our hotel room. I would absolutely stay at this hotel again!!:-)
Wasn't expecting much of this place being from chandler and never hearing about it. But I wish I had food was better than I expected and prices were great. Will be returning to this spot religiously!
I amaze to all home accessories here at Cost Plus World Market. I always came here every time I need to add cool arts and design to our home to my own boutique.
Excellent pizza! And the gluten free pizza is phenomenal!! Love the wings, the zucchini and the antipasto salads! Local and independently owned makes it even easier for Grande to be my favorite pizza place!
This is a horrible place the food was gross and now I'm sick and I mean sick!!! I can't even get out of bed from food poisoning. I hate chain restaurants just went there because someone in the family insisted on going there.
Sadly, seems to be out of business as of 2/27/2013. Food was very good.
Everything is spicy in this place, they should said that in the Menu, very large portion but nothing awesome at all, Shrimp Ceviche was not fresh as the menu said, the carne asada didn't like it and not many option for kids not even crayons or lids for the cups
Fabulous drinks, delicious food.  Timing out of the kitchen could improve.  Our server Kelley was fun.
Great performers and good music. It is a two drink minimum, but that is pretty much the standard anywhere anymore. The crowd is fun and the older people get crazy up on the dance floor here. It always draws an audience from beyond the joint from the casino floor. Another cool thing is that the music can be heard in the casino as well.
It's F ing huge. Didn't stay in a room. Was there for a conference. I hate how I had to walk a freakin mile to get where I wanted to go in girly, painful shoes.
When Oprah came to Phoenix, I think she misquoted the Best Pizza in America. Cibo is definitely the best Pizza in Phoenix. Once you eat the Tartufata is one of the best. How can you beat a white pizza with truffle oil? I think that this is where other Pizza Joint owner eat too.
The check in offer just can't be beat.  My Sis and I came in for a lunch together, she ordered the wedge, I wanted to lettuce wraps (check in offer), we both had tea. Huge amazing salads and yummy tea, teeeny tiny bill, under $20!!
Meh. Just passing through and stopped for a bite..place wasn't busy on a Friday dinner service which is a bad sign. Seemed dingy/ slightly dirty. My Skinny Margarita was yummy though.
Excellent food, great service and very clean and friendly atmosphere.  Their \"Famous Margarita\" is one of the best we have found in Las Vegas.  We eat there regularly!
Great.addition to the east valley. Bar area need some more additional table seating for more than 2.so we can havens drink waiting for the rest of our party to show up. They could.have made another 100 bucks. Great food, friendly staff.
This place is chock full of everything to create a masterpiece.  Other decorative things are available if you need to paint a masterpiece or just decorate a room or get ready for an event  =) check it out !
Good food, and excellent service. I recommend asking to be waited on by Johnny.
Good food! It can be a little expensive, but quality. The cheese curds were worth the buy. They have a good happy hour, but otherwise, I've never been here for a meal. As a student and then young professional starting out, it was just too expensive.
First time in this hobby store. I was looked after right away and thay had what I was looking for. Not a big store wish it was bigger . What thay don't have thay can get it for you.
Review for mandarin pork chop, lunch menu and service. Mandarin pork chop is ok but not anything special. Got there 10 minutes before lunch special ends and was told its closed. Service was poor.
This is one of my favorite Chipotles! They give you generous portions and don't skimp on the guac when you ask for it. I ordered veggie tacos from here and everything was fresh and cooked to perfection. DELICIOUS!!!!!!!!
The nicest part was the water fall. Don't think many night clubs have this view. \n\nBut the dancing floor was tiny. They might want you to drink at the table where most money was spent. \n\nIt was $$$$ ~ $$$$$ per table!!!
The Menu is vast and clogged with cholestrol filling items. It was right up my alley. Love that its open 24 hrs. Wish the drive thru was open though.
Ugliest building in Edinburgh. I don't think people will ever stop talking about how much it cost.\n  Poor old Lizzie having that accross from her little pad in Edinburgh. If terrorists went for the place she would probably enoble them.
We had a chair party at my house for my friend's bachelorette party. It was an absolute blast. Annie really knows how to make everyone into dancing and having a blast!!!!!!!!!!!! She is so cute and fun! It wasnt uncomfortable at all and  brought out our inner sexy!
What A great find! Loved the family style seating and service was great, friendly, fast, and accommodating. Their food was delicious, and the beers did not disappoint. Ask about a beer flight if you're not sure which brew floats your boat. Highly recommend and will be back!
I Hated it!  I felt the baton throwing and staged fighting was very boring.
Awful. Plan on standing around for at least 45 minutes before you're shuttle even shows up, plus the time it takes to get to your hotel which can be another 45 depends on what order they go in. Take a cab
Baked apple pancake was horrible ... Not worth the wait . Nothing was fresh  ..,no flavor
This was a true disappointment!!! I should have saved my money. I needed subtitles to understand what was going on with the story.  Next time I'm going to go to see \"O\"
Awesome brunch. One of the best in CLT. Sit outside and enjoy the NoDa scenery. Love the make-your-own Bloody Mary bar.
I visited Marquee recently and was surprised by the amazing format. The layout of the venue itself is amazing. The best part is having both the indoor and outdoor section of the club making things different than most clubs in Vegas. Overall This venue is a must see as they throw a great party.
Previously, this would've been a 4-5 star review, but the last 2 times that we went in, we left without service after 20+ minutes.  The food is good but the bartenders are not mixologists.
I've eatten here twice with in the last year. I can't wait to go back and enjoy all of the new dishes he has to offer. A reservation is needed to eat here since it is limited seating with private dinning rooms.
Outstanding show...where everyone on stage is a rock 'n roll legend! Hands down the best show in Vegas!
Was there on 2/6 for dinner. Service was very good. Very loud inside. Food was very good although the steak - New York Strip -didn't really wow me and was kinda tough. I was hoping to be more impressed after all the good reviews
Reminds me of Chipotle, but pizza version.  lol Build your own pizza.  Cool pizza place that opens late.
Made my first visit to Brixx this past Friday night. Boy, it was a madhouse! Very loud and very limited seating inside. I managed to get an inside table thanks to a large group leaving eventually. The pizza I ordered was ok. Nothing too memorable though. My waiter was great though.
So this used to be me and my hubby's date night place but this place has changed! My order came out wrong twice I asked to talk to the manager and he was rude! We won't be coming back to this place!! Just go to Ojah up the street, they actually care about their customers!!
One of my more decent meals in Vegas. But why is everything so salty? Not to the point that it's inedible but almost so. but comparably much better and priced more reasonably than the Asian fusion restaurant Dragon Noodle Co. in my hotel (Monte Carlo)
McDonald's is McDonald's. This location was dead slow despite there being no one waiting for service. Cashier purposefully overcharged my friends because they were dunk. Horribly rude to do that.
Way overpriced. Basically resells items at an insane markup. Not a true butcher either.
sorry but my ny steak had no flavor.. i had to use steak sauce.. but it wasnt dry so i guess i should appreciate it.. even though i got med rare and it was more like med.. typical diner i guess.. cheap.. so cant really complain that much right?
You are better off eating at a Panda Express in the projects. It would be cleaner there. That is all I have to say.
Lupie's Cafe is one of Charlotte's hidden Gems!!  An amazing dive with the best food and service in the city!!!!!  Sides are great.  Mac and cheese is to die for and chicken and dumplings and burgers are Awesome!!
This place is great!  All of the food is good and it's a unique experience.  Grab your own menu, seat yourself, the people are friendly, it's clean, and today they even have a breakfast DJ!  I love it.
Great! Not bad. Had everything you needed.  Roomy.
This is a great little store, off the beaten path at the company's head office.  They offer a full selection of pediped shoes.  The gal behind the counter was very knowledgeable and nice.  We bought 4 pairs of shoes and will definitely be coming back.  These shoes are amazing!
Fist timer to las vegas, I loved this place.  The room was cheap and very comfortable. Too bad the only attraction is the wave pool and lazy river. There should be a club or something interesting here. On the plus side, it's on the strip and in walking distance of other great hotels.
good but nothing special.  staying at the fairmont and thought I would try it out.  over priced for what you get.
Awesome Breakfast.  Try any of the flavored pancakes.  My wife has had a few of the different flavors and they all have been outstanding.  Also try the Breakfast sandwich on homemade bread with Uncle Charlies Hot Sausage, it is by far the best Breakfast Sandwich I have ever had.
Truly great service. However, the grub lacked luster all around. Granted I had takeout both times but it is unlikely I would go back. :(
Horrible.  The food was small portion for high price and the service that I had was uninviting.  Would never go back there again.
Don't eat here!!!!! They have horrible service, the food is nasty, and they take forever to make one hamburger.
They sell plants at this store!
This place is reasonably inexpensive, with good drink specials, but the food is nothing more than slightly below average bar food (with a decent but unimpressively tasting pizza menu).    It's about what you'd expect, and earns a solid \"Meh\" rating from this reviewer.
service is ok.\nfood is ok...actually really bland and plain. I had the blackened salmon and my parents had the roasted turkey breast.\nchamomile tea is the best.\n\ngood luck.
A basic Subway location, although I try to avoid it when I can. The employees are nice but they often have trouble with some of their clientele which can often make it unpleasant inside.\n\nThe location is hit or miss.
Hit and miss with this store.  Sometimes I find everything I'm looking for and sometimes I find absolutely nothing.  What's interesting is that the cashier people are always so friendly, but you can't find a customer service person anywhere in the store.  If you do happen to find one, they won't know how to help you.
I got a coupon for this place through restaurants.com but before I had a chance to try it Urban Grill decided not to honor the coupons thankfully restaurants.com gave me a credit. But after reading the reviews on this place I'm glad I chose somewhere else!!
Great, flavorful food and great service! I have the mushroom pizza and it was something I would definitely go back for! Much better then some of my other Vegas Restaurant experiences.
We saw this on a couple years ago on Valentines day with another couple. Biggest waste of money in Vegas. Sub par acrobatics, weak and boring plot line to the so called \"story\". I should have listened to others who warned me. There are much better shows for the same price....
Great experience tonight at eleven. Make sure to have reservations!  Excellent food and great service. Loved the sashimi and beef tenderloin, great recommendations from the wait staff! Beautiful atmosphere, Just wish more wine selections by the glass.
Went here a couple weeks ago. Sucked. All I have to say is; service:blah, food:blah, overall experience: blah. I was expecting more I guess. Don't eat here...there are plenty of other great places to eat in Vegas!!!
I've been to a lot of quick change oil places in the QC. Never twice. That will change now. Super clean, ice cold air, friendly and efficient, plus Wi-Fi.
Great gym! Open 24 hours.  Has a great indoor track for running.  Great monthly price as well.  They have 6 locations so very convenient if you move.  You'll always have one near you in Vegas.
It's been a while since I've been in but this was my go to place to meet a colleague of mine whenever we were both in town long enough to catch up with each other. Good menu.
I love Gelato.  Gelato made from scratch is even better.  I got to try quite a few flavors and they were all amazing.\n\nFor those lactose intolerant.  There was like 15 different flavors of milk free gelato to chose from. YAY
I'm not sure how you can call your place an English pub when you don't serve English beers. Bud light isn't an English beer. On top of it all the food was just ok. My advice pick another place to eat.
no matter how many times you see it on TV or movies, It has to be experienced in person! now they have ziplines that run the full length of the canopy, which is pretty wild to see
Hmm.. came here drunk as a skunk so which means i dont remember anything good about this place.\n\n2 stars because these communist bastards jack up their prices and their quality isn't getting better.
If you want a tasty breakfast that is thinking out-of-the-box. Raffles is the place to go. The service for breakfast is excellent continually filled coffee cup.  The shrimp and grits with bacon is excellent. Yesterday I had the asparagus Green onion quiche which was outstanding.
The sushi here is delicious, there are many different selections and they're all SO GOOD!! the only thing that sucks baaaad is the service.
Incredible tacos and a great atmosphere! My favorite is the lamb, but everyone I've tried has been superb.
I have used Frank's services and recommended him many times since 2006.  He is always honest and reliable.  Not only is he punctual, but often early!  He has plumbed a gas line, changed out plumbing fixtures and resolved a stubborn clog.  He has pride in his work and it shows!
Service is always so dang slow here. Food is pretty good yet overpriced. I think I keep coming back out of convenience and the nice outdoor seating area
These donuts are the best i've ever had. The donuts are soo soft and fluffy and delicious. Definitely come here for donuts, you won't regret it.:)
Best pizza in the West Valley.  As good as Chicago pizza
Service was outstanding!! We started the meal off with the confit wings, which were delicious! Tried the oatmeal stout and peanut brittle beer both were really good. I had the mushroom and beer cheese burger and my husband had the Hawaiian wilderness both were excellent. We will definitely be returning.
Love that there is a subway on this side of surprise.\n\nThe staff is very helpful & Polite, and they are usually teenagers.  They are keeping this place clean and organized.  It is also usually a less busy location.
Great place for the kids to come and play.  They have a great caring staff with plenty to do: bouncey house, petting zoo, bungle jumping, and three slides!  Great place for taking halloween pictures or picking your pumpkins.
Great atmosphere - awesome steaks - friendly staff - I'm a regular for sure.
Bad bingo is real fun and is like playing bingo in a night club but with fun prizes and funny games. This is a great time and is sure to entertain, yes the line is long because they fill the room with all the fun and games, try it you will like it. Bring back Lucky Break
Service was fast and courteous. Shrimp and grits was great... However, the lobster Mac and cheese was \"fishy.\"  The waiter quickly adjusted the bill, so other than a couple of funky tasting bites of food, no harm no foul.
Forced to eat here again today due to proximity to work. Tuna sandwhich tastes like cat food. Please someone teach them how to rinse and drain tuna well prior to adding mayo and other ingredients. Will NOT be forced to eat here again. Would rather go without food.
The only thing they are good for are for their curly fries.
Service was terrible. Food wasn't the greatest either. There are a lot better Mexican restaurants on the area.
Amazing thin crust pizza!  We moved to CA and cannot find anything even close!  Good salty meats and delicious sauce!
Nice place. Rib eye was good.
Not a Wells Fargo Bank customer, but just want to use their ATM to see how much time I would spend getting my money.  I was fairly impressed.  In and out of the bank in under 5 minutes.
I've only had the pizza and it's pretty good.  the crust is crispy and the sauce, cheese and toppings complement it well.
The fried seafood is good, but a bit overpriced. I could get something almost as good at Long John Silvers for alot less. Overall, it was ok. Nothing to write home about.
This place is really awesome I would really recommend to you guys Ms Danette she is a very good esthetician she will really give what your skin needs and have a very relaxing touch...I will surely come back here next time... Thank you so much Ms Danette. I love the ambiance here very relaxing...
Went here because Krung Siam across street was closed. Should have kept driving... bad bad bad.
Great Ambiance \nOur Waiter was super nice!\nMust Try the Mongolian Beef (AMAZING!)\na bit over priced but worth the experience.
Great New Mexican food! I had the blue corn pork enchiladas and it was delicious. Nice setting, great service, and good prices.
Not a bad place to eat. A good variety offered at the buffet for like 7.99$\nI had the breakfast buffet. The only problem with breakfast was not enough fried egg and the merienda with the buffet was only fruit. Other places i went to had ginataang bilo bilo.
Not bad for an airport location; but it's very rushed and the menu and food aren't what you'd expect from a typical CPK location.
The best sweet and sour soup ever!  Food is delicious and favorable.  Delivery is pretty good, nice people.
Awesome burger! The bun was actually one of the best parts. Sweet potato fries: perfect. The only negative were the regular fries, which were burned and dried out. The service was fine, nothing special.
Generally I'm always 100% satisfied with my take out orders but tonight it was awful.  I ordered a #14 and there was no side dressing with a minimum amount of dressing already on it. I also ordered a hummus appetizer which came with 1 pita bread. Dropped the ball tonight and disappointed.
The food here is pretty addicting. Id suggest  trying the chashu bowl here. It is bomb. The rice and the other spices in it complements the mouth watering chashu. Service and management is great considering a newly opened restaurant. Hope they keep it up. Ill def be back :)
Big place and in good shape. Horribly mismanaged.  The staff is incredibly slow and disinterested.  The day we were there, the line to get shoes/lanes was backed up 15 groups deep because of how slow the guy at the counter was.  Turns out, he was the General Manager.
Decent music spot and great in nice weather to sit outside and have a beer.  But do not go there hungry, service trying to get something to eat is atrocious.  Haven't gone back in a year, too many other places with better service.
Good subs. I wish they had a vegetarian meatball sub. That would be sweet. But I digress, I love the late night delivery. They are quick and always get the order right. Their cookies and pickles are great and the vegetables are fresh. Yum.
They can make about anything on their menu Vegan. I had \"chicken\" with mixed veggies, brown rice, and a side salad with a side of Teriyaki sauce. There was not one thing I was served that I did not swoon over.
Always great service at the bar from Tanya and Nikki. Great food and wide selection of draft beers. One of my favorite spots.
Our show had a 15 minute delay in the middle due to technical issues and it was still one of the best shows I have ever seen. It does help to be more than a casual fan of the Beatles but even a passing fan will enjoy the spectical.
Orange Patch is very nice. Their oranges are to die for and the staff are very friendly. I will be purchasing fresh Arizona Citrus from Orange Patch for the rest of my life! These oranges are coming from trees that are over a 100 years old. Simply the best!
Horrible bounce staff, unnecessarily rough and rude, they exhibit disgusting behaviour and make me want to never go back again.
This post was made accidentally and I don't know how to delete it.  I haven't eaten here.
Amazing list of flammeukuke. Fresh beer. Great service and booths. Food undistinguished.
Second best dim sum I've had in Vegas :) their beef noodle is second to none. And their chicken stir fry as well as won ton soup is da bestest!
Name describes the atmosphere perfectly. Great food, good service, and awesome happy hour. Woodfire pizza that is comparable to that place named after a color in Italian.
Horrible. Greasy, flavorless and overpriced. Captain D's makes better fish than this place. Don't waste your money.
We love this place. The sweet corn tamales or Chicken Belagio are our favorites.\nBe prepared to wait for a seat. It's that busy. Worth the wait.
It's anchored at the bottom level of the Rockland shopping mall. We both had 'Le Classique' breakfast dish. Eggs, toasts, home fries, baked beans and a side of cured meat. I intended a more befitted story to tell but it is what you would EGGspect.
Got to stay in the pyramid, so 1 extra star. This place blows, as far as vegas hotels goes. The bathroom is loud, the wall is thin, and you can hear people shower in other rooms, among other things. Stay some where else.
i love this dior bouitque its the best looking one in las vegas, plus best service
Jimbo's is a good neighborhood bar.  They have lots of dart machines, pool tables, and a shuffleboard.  The beer selection wasn't too large but they were decently priced and from 10pm until 1am you call it's are $3.00.
Usually love this place, and dig the #5 Vito...figured out the secret to how fast they are...they forget to add meat to their sandwich!! Not happy and very hungry!!
The pork belley BBQ was amazing.
I was on a business trip a couple months ago in Montreal. We found MVP with a sign posting \"happy hour\" my partner I popped in for a beer and ended up spending several hours there. Peter the owner/ bar tender treated us great and made us feel welcomed. I highly recommend.
I've been buying furniture from Colleen for 15 years.   Am a Las Vegas native, 33 years, and can say this is the place to start when looking for a new piece of furniture.  We've furnished a few homes and even sold a few of our best things through Colleen.  Great store.
Soggy Chicken strips, AND THATS ALL THEY SELL! not impressed. Way over priced and the 31 cents it cost me extra  for the honey mustard ensured I'll never return. What a waste of a corner, too bad it's on the mesa side we cant afford another losing business.
This was a last minute pick after returning a rental to triple a!! The pizza was delicious, fresh, and quick service. The staff was so friendly. Got pizza, wings & salad. Will definitely be back when around!
I love my sisters closet. It has nice selection and although they weren't consigning plus size anymore. They reversed their decision  and are consigning plus size again. Which was a good thing to bring back.  The selection is good in all categories.  It's a great treasure hunt :)
Pretty tasty, but accepts no cards, and usually has a long wait. I can't say it stands above other pancake/breakfast places around the city but it's certainly not bad and very cheap!
Love JenniPHO!  Everytime I visit Vegas, I have to get my fill!!!  My favorite is her Bun Bo Hue and eggrolls.  The eggrolls are crunchy and delicious everytime.
Best Mongolian BBQ in the valley! Fast service, great selection of meats & veggies, wide array of sauces & spices... awesome flavor.
I wish I could give them zero stars. There is not a single redeeming quality about this place. Dirty, rude employees, nasty food, etc. Then they topped it off with the Seahawks pep rally. Never spending money here again.
Best nutrition store around. The owner was very helpful and did not try to talk me into anything I did not need. I am glad I came across this store and I will definitely be back soon!!!!
Was disappointed in the size of the sushi rolls for the price. After eating 2 rolls, I was still hungry. I've had quite a bit of sushi in my lifetime from different restaurants but this was nothing special.
More expensive then frys. Doesn't carry boars head cold cuts. The store it self feels bleak and gloomy when you walk in. The only reason I ever go there is for the compass bank that is inside of it.
Would never go here again. Service we terrible waited forever for our drinks and food and there was no one in there. The bathrooms were so nasty and smelled. Never again!!!!
I really enjoy PF Chang's, and this was just another great experience. It gave me solace in the vast disgusting Vegas wasteland of sadness and grime.
People must like fishy fish tacos, because this place gets great reviews and a cool hangout, but every time I order fish tacos, they are very fishy. The plates and utensils are usually dirty, maybe is it part of NoDa style. I didn't enjoy myself. Sorry.
Thank you Doctor Romine! She pays extremely close attention to my personal needs and concerns. I have been to numerous doctors and found her practice the most reliable. She even called me the evening after my appointment to check in on me. Very well run and trustworthy office.
Great experience every time we go... They get us in sameday, every time! Thank you!
Not what I was expecting at all. The chicken my party ordered was dry and sad. \n\nThe portions were big though, considering where they are located and their price you expect better quality.
Came here today based on the reviews. Food was very good, big portions and finally real hash browns that taste good!\nFour star because our poor waitress was racing around seemingly because the other server seemed to be lazing around...
The pizza was average my pizza for some reason was very wet on the bottom don't know if this is what they are going for.... I will most likely not go back, maybe give it a few months then try again.
Horrible service, waitress forget our order after we waited for about 35 minutes. Dont go there. spend your money somewhere else!
My car left dirtier than it arrived. They do offer a Veteran's and Senior Citizen discount for 10 dollars. I'll have to find a different spot to wash the Whip.
We had a delicious meal with great service.  Awesome!
Service was great and I like the atmosphere but I wouldn't say it's anything special (except for the the shakes and meatloaf - fit for the gods for sure!).
We came here for some crepes and waffles. They were completely amazing! Low prices, and large portions. The only disappointing thing about this visit was the break in times between serving the food.
I dragged my party down to Slots-A-Fun because it was the last place that I knew on the strip that had coin operated machines.  I miss that *ching*ching*ching* sound and a bucket full of nickels, unfortunately, it's gone from here too.
Sucks - don't go here, go somewhere else if you actually want you car cleaned. I expected better for the $50+
I wouldn't rate this place as having fantastic Mexican food, but it's good and it's cheap.  They have several locations in the area and the menu has enough items to satisfy most diners.
Slowest service I have ever experienced. Took almost 30 minutes after arriving to get our drinks. Keep in mind this was a Wednesday night with only two other people seated at another table. Good was ok, not great. We had to hunt down our waitress to get our check so we could hurry up and leave.
Good selection of draft & Mikey the bartender is capable of treating a full bar with individual and timely attention.
This is my second time eating here. Both experiences where exceptionally pleasant. Shout out to our server Lindsey. You were great.
Is not good service the gordita cashier is not good costumers service\n\n000000000000000000000\nBat service
I called to get a quote to have my television mounted. I was quoted $139.00 witch does NOT include the bracket. I then called another business and got a quote of $135.00 which included a mount that moves up and down. We know who I'm using!!
U get 10% off when u spend more than $25...woohoo!
The BEST wings in Charlotte by far! So delicious and authentic. Their veggies are amazing too. The prices are great and the staff is super nice. I love when a local business ends up being awesome!
Acai bowl is different includes raisins, granola, and strawberries. Consistency of Acai mix is pretty thick. \nCall ahead if you're looking for a quick fix, wait is about 20-30 min. to get quality food.
Love this place! its a Steve Wynn hotel. Need i say more?
This was the absolute worst menu I have ever seen. Horrible elevator music, distasteful attempt at decoration and my bread was as hard as a Rock. Cesar salad was drenched I'm dressing and my lettuce was soggy.
The best pizza in Phoenix. We went to the so called best and it was good but we always come back here!
This place is a gold mine of home made, kitschy artifacts.  There are awesome Pittsburgh t-shirts, hand made cards for all occasions, and neat books.  This store has tons of interesting merchandise, and I would definately take people from out of town there.  You can get so many neat little things.
Jim here rocks! I am on number 2 from him. Only artist that I have ben back to more then once.
So so glad yelp reminded me about this place.  Its really a farm grill, on a farm and so fun to eat at.  I like to walk around the place after I'm done eating ribs and waffles for that old time feel.  Quaint, charming, and good eats nothing to complain about here.
Hard to get some help finding an item despite a lot of staff around. But major plus is they give a discount for products being sent to our military serving over seas!
Love this place! Great food and service...
I use to go here. But I really think they water down their drinks.
Big.  Scary.  Walmart.
Absolutely atrocious since new management took over, do not park here. Every credit card reader was broken and there wasn't a sign until you were already up to the station. The prices have also been raised lately to unreasonably high rates. I will not park here again, and this used to be my go to downtown parking lot.
Had a bad roof leak in Tucson and Gad was able to have a local rep here come and take care of the immediate leak, they came the next day from phoenix and worked with my insurance to take help me get back up and running... What a great company. Thank you guys...\nBobby
Nursing staff  treated me like I was a complete waste of their time the entire week I was there. Just terrible.
I found the ordering process to be a little confusing for first timers.  The food tasted great but portions were skimpy.
The beet ravioli was gross, my hubby's steak needed salt, and service was slow. At least the waiter comped the ravioli since he was the one who suggested it. Won't be back.
Most excellent cocktails.   \nKale salad was spot on.  House made dressings.  Small menu: charcuterie panini salads.\nBartender made a spot on Manhattan.   \nCome back here again.
The brewmaster burger is a top burger in Charlotte.  Sadly, the beers are very bland and watered down. They had no bite. I hope this is just working out the kinks kind of situation.
Hot chocolates were great. Warmed us up after stroll in cold rain
good food, but horrible customer service experience with the manager left me and my wife completely disgusted with this place.. never going back if it were the last place on earth serving food.
Food was good. Service was not good. Only one waitress for entire restaurant.
Overpriced, under delivered.  8-10 fried chicken wing parts and a 4oz cups of mac and cheese + bbq sauce laden cole slaw do not a platter make.  Not  terrible - not worth 12$
Everyone at Trader Joe's are really friendly and always willing to help you with what you're looking for.  The fruits and vegetables are always fresh and they have a great selection of premade desserts.  The creme brulee is awesome and pretty cheap considering how yummy it is.
They microwave their BBQ items. NOT FRESH!
Credit when credit is due.  This place is good.  The baristas have it right.  Kudos to a job well done.  And you'll do yourself a favor by coming here for a cappuccino.
Interesting lounge type bar with a jukebox. Been here a few times. Not a bad place early on an evening if you want to actually hear people you're with. It seems pretty dead most of the times I've been there but I hear its actually a hopping place during the weekend.
Ok, so lets update our review.......still the best Mexican Food in town.  If you love wings.....mild, medium or hot....they ROCK!  \nConsistant customer service and great place to meet up with friends.
food was much better 3 years ago and waitress was not familiar with menu
Its a Subway. Nice & Clean. But the service is usually awful. Really unfriendly management. The employees seem to hate being there.
The service was friendly and prompt.  We didn't have to wait for our refills or our order to be taken. The food arrived and was well prepared and tasted delicious.
Always a very guilty pleasure. I don't remember what it's called but the one that mixes waffle cone into the ice cream is freakin' delicious. Obviously not good for the health conscious Surprisian, but as a treat every once and a while it is delicious.
Good location, nice staff and well decorated restaurant. I got the salmon dinner. The salmon was very salty and over-seasoned... And this comes from a girl who loves salt! The sides it came with were pretty good, but I would suggest trying a different plate.
I took my boyfriend here for his birthday today. I've been here many times before, but he hasnt. Jorge S. Our server was wonderful. He made it a great experience for my boyfriend. I highly recommend this place. You do have to be a meat lover though. Come in hungry. Its a lot of food.
This place may be better known for their fries but they have a great burger. I like that they only have a few burger options. I suggest the original Delux burger. Get a mixed basket of potato and sweet potato fries.  Great beers on tap too!
No question that when in Vegas, this is the hot spot at night. The Wynn is like the best place to stay and this hidden treasure of a nightclub was amazing. Night or day. Dance your ass off!!!
the worst pizza ever. pizza dough isnt supposed to taste like Wonder bread, all doughy & sweet.  This place is an insult to Italian pizza.  These people arent even Italian. Just SAD.
New in town and wanted a breakfast place within walking distance to our apartment. The Breakfast Club filled the bill. Great food, great service. We'll be back.
Went specifically for the burgers, as a friend had told me they were amazing.  I was skeptical, but they totally lived up to the hype.  Had the Prime burger, which was huge and very very tasty!
terrible experience with my family...service was okay but the food was awful. The noise level was extreme and we just were not very impressed.
My office and I have been hitting up Taco Tuesdays for a few month now.\n\nThere tacos are good for a dollar but you will have to contend with some HORRIFIC service to get them.
Excellent dental experience. Dr. Shim and entire staff have been amazing! Dr. Shim explained each step as he went making it a more comfortable experience since sometimes you wonder what all is going on in your mouth as you hear the drilling and such. His staff was very helpful, kind, and understanding
I went to this salon 6 years ago on a whim and have never let anyone touch my hair again.  April Anzalone has been doing my hair for those six years with amazing success being the bald Jew that I am.  This place is a must go and ask for April!!
Gas seems to be a few cents cheaper here than nearby Indepedence gas stations.  If you can, avoid this place at night.  Its located at the intersection of Village Lake Dr., which is a high-crime area.
Some of the worst Chinese food on the planet and it is served with some attitude. If you live in QC try China Chef by the other Fry's, blows this dump away!\nSoggy dead food! That sums this joint up.
I just had this for lunch and I wasn't too pleased. They forgot my order of breadsticks that came with my order and although the food had a great taste it was drenched in oil and now my tummy isn't too happy. I don't think I will be eating here again :/
No surprise, the place is gone.
Very average place. It seems to be a popular place for locals. But since spring training visitors bring some revenue to these places, you'd think we would get some better service. Average food too....everything here must come frozen.
I love this place!!! The restaurants have been upgraded from the last time i was here. The staff are amazing. Its super clean. The shuttle is located in the back of the hotel!!!!! Its centralized on the strip. The slots are a little looser.
always here for school, and I love this library. They have a cafe which is a plus!
Winchells has the best donuts in my opinion. Theres nothing special about this particular shop. There chillas are my favorite though :)
Food is decent, but service is no good. I was here before a couple of years and did not want to go back because of the service. Unfortunately, went in for lunch today and had a similar experience with service. I know I won't make the same mistake again!
Went there friday and saturday with buddies from out of state...great times, awesome prices on drinks.  Good to find a place uptown that isn't so expensive to drink.
Absolutely love this place! The macaroons are delicious the ambiance is great and the staff is very nice!!! Definitely recommend when you're craving something sweet.
Went here for lunch and the food was absolutely great! The server was very nice and honest with his suggestions. The main courses were about $20 each. The taste, presentation and first class service were top notch for such a great price.
Over priced, just go to Chevron up the street if your worried about quality of gas..
Ugh, nothing worse than a hair in your food and a restaurant that won't comp a 13.00 sandwich rather than lose a customer.  The waitress, Karen, offered a free dessert, buy why would I want to eat more food there after my appetite was shot?!  Will NOT be going back there again.
I have never been a huge fan of coffee.... but now I am an addict. The employees are amazing and my drinks are perfect. Now if they could only install a drive-thru :)
Food was acceptable.  Locals recommended hot sandwiches as the only things worth eating.  They tasted OK, the price seemed appropriate.  Wait staff at 3pm was very slow, took 2 hours start to finish.
I called for a cab at 12:19 a.m., at 2:00 a.m. I still had no cab. Thank God a Vetscab drove by and stopped when we hailed him.
I love the idea and execution of custom made pizzas.  The pizza was delicious and it was ready in less than 5 minutes.  I am a fan of this place and will be back.  The place is cool and happy.
Meh nothing special. Same stuff you could get at any general breakfast place at half the price.
What is it about BWW? I love their wings, but the service SUCKS at very one I've ever been to. This one fits that same mo,d; good food, SLOW service.
Went for the first time today. Server was very friendly. Had the corned beef wrap with sweet potato fries. Both were outstanding.
We use Barros on mostly monday nights! We love them! Their delivery time is FAST and the food is delicious and fresh. Even the customer service is is kind and polite. I like how they will also give you extra plates and napkins or when you have extra guests. I like their daily specials also! Keep up the great work!
Liked this place.  Good coffee, very clean and bright.  Nice atmosphere. A Starbucks clone. I would have liked some unique bakery items or some fruit offerings. Clean bathrooms. I recommend it.
One of the best viet restaurants in vegas. Reasonable prices, good service. I used to go here maybe twice a week when i lived in vegas.
Overpriced and nothing special. Tried it twice in a year. Money better spent elsewhere.
The food is as disgusting as the people who eat here.
I just love this Mediterranean place. Food is absolutely delicious! Jut had shawarma with Greek salad and it was amazing! Can't wait to come back here next week :)
We went up, and even had a discount for it (2 for 1 when you check-in on facebook).  It was, at best, so-so.  I'd recommend saving that money and time and doing something else with it.
The Mandalay Bay - The Hotel  there rooms are awesome especially the The Queen suite its nice and comfortable and roomy and at a very decent price and even more cheap if your with Mlife !!!
Nice setup for watching sports. Fish tacos are delicious along with the Cuban Summer mixed drink. PBR tall boys come in a souvenir brown paper bag coozie. Fun place
Its Subway. Thats about all their is to say about this place. I will say it is a very clean well run store and the owner takes pride in this location.
This place is on fire. So much so, it's now closed. Scandalous
Some of the rudest employees I have ever encountered.  Ended up leaving without even dropping off the clothes I stopped by to sell, I was so turned off by their lack of customer service.
Love, love, love the penguin!  I can't wait to come home for Turkey Day and grab some fried pickles and a burger!\n\nMuch love!
There was absolutely nothing not to like.  Reasonably priced wines, home style Italian cooking. Great upbeat ambience.
This place was great. The service was definitely awesome. I ordered the chicken chow mein and the noodles were perfectly cooked, tender with not too much oil. I got the spice level 3 (I'm a wimp!) and it was definitely spiced well. This is my new favorite Thai place!!!!
Stay away!! My daughter and I ate here yesterday and both have been violently ill --- I'm sure we are experiencing the symptoms of food  poisoning ---food was tasty but not worth the risk!!
I ordered a half chicken and potatoes. I was surprised to have received a half of a gaming hen chicken. I was very good, but i was wanting more. Small portions.
These guys are the best; they have a fantastic website that lets your easily book appointments, their customer service is exceptional and they do a fantastic job on your car glass repair. My technician was Josh and he was very professional. I won't use anyone else for windshield repair or replacement again.
The food quality of this buffet has dropped drastically. Used to be our favorite but after a few episodes of food poisoning (not just one incident but three separate occasion) we will not be back. Hokkaido, what happened?  You used to be so good!!! It feels like a bad breakup!!!
Best Indian place in Vally for me! Awesome curry and nice service.
I've been here so many times with groups, and each time the food is at best mediocre. You know it's a bad sign when an Asian restaurant never has any Asian customers.
Astonishing place!  Every time we go we are surprised by new dishes made with fresh seasonal ingredients with a wonderful combination of flavors, textures and wit.  This is our favorite restaurant in the Midwest (beating shallow show spots like Alinea to a pulp) and rivals places like Tilth in Seattle for our top spot overall.
Best chorizo and carne asada around. Forget filibertos or any of his cousins. Los Favoritos is the bomb.
I do not like coming to this SB location if I don't have to. While it is the closest location to my work and the staff is friendly, parking is horrible and the restrooms are usually filthy. On the up side, I was able to find the holiday gift cards I was looking for.
Great food.  The owners came out and spoke with us several times.  Nice staff.  I normally don't like hoity toity places but this one was a pleasant surprise.
Enjoyed the lychee tea. Love that each teapot is unique and their cookies were delicious.
Taco heaven is Barrio Queen...Magaly is the gate keeper and AMEX is the Key Master. \n\nFlan = 1 hour on the elliptical. \n\nThe staff are about as friendly as Care Bears
Phenomenal. My wife and I ate there for brunch on Sunday. We had the shrimp tamale appetizer, which was really good. She had the swordfish club and I had the Mesa burger, both reccomended by the waitress. Both were Phenomenal! The burger got better with every bite.
Attended their grand opening last night, they have a long way to go.  The have a lot to learn in the bar business.  Hope they figure it out and make it.
Excellent job.  I had to have my apartment carpet cleaned for turnover after almost two years in the apartment with a pet.  I know the technician put a lot of extra effort into cleaning my carpet.  After he was done, the carpet was like new.  I got my full security and pet deposits back.  Great job!  Highly recommend.
huge portions...average food...\n\ngo for the fun atmosphere, big portions, and huge fun menu...but don't come looking for great food. chicken ok..waffles ok...pancake ok..burrito ok....nothing extraordinary
This was the best of the 5 restaurants we visited...the waiter had personality plus...fun and went out of his way to make sure we enjoyed our meals or made sure we were taken care of regardless.  We'll go back on our next trip.
Nice people and good food!
Rustic and trendy\nFriends, cheers, and plenty of beers \nGastronomical
Loved this place! Our waiter was great, very kind and knowledgable. We had never tried \"indo-Chinese\" and he gave us the rundown. He suggested the pan fried noodles and they were delicious. Will definitely be back for more!
I have to say we were pleasantly surprised. $14.00 for 2 steak and eggs and it was actually good! The service was slow and you had to leave the restaurant to get adult beverages but over all we would go back.
Bellagio is a great place. Rooms are gorgeous. Lobby and pool are great as well. This place is a little pricey but I think worth it. The people that stay here are not the typical Vegas loud and screaming party type so it makes for a great experience.
The service was outstanding, the good is phenomenal!  We ordered steak which was melting in our mouth, the scallops were perfectly cooked, fresh tasting and leaving us wanting to order a second serving.
Best NY style pizza in Charlotte! From Charlotte to Mooresville for that matter! Yum!
PUT THE SAME SIZE SHOES IN THE APPROPRIATE BOXES...and when you absolutely fail to do so please refund my credit card in a timely (not 14 days) manner.
Nindi and Carissa are god-sends to Laveen. They are get community members and walking in to Scooptacular always makes me a little happier. \n\nTheir birthday parties are great! My child got to create his own ice cream a few days before the party. He loved the personal affects they did for me.
Friendly service.  $4 calamari app is fair enough- you may indicate how spicy you want it, but be sure to eat them quickly or they get rubbery :(   The milk tea constituent of the boba milk tea is quite tasty!
To be honest, I usually go here and find whatever I need.\n\nBut the firearms counter?  What a bunch of knuckle-draggers.\n\nSeriously, get one of the women who work there to help you, most of the men are three steps away from the cave.
Great Cubano Panino -Paninis hot seasoned fries Yummy busy place 70 people dining in tonight at 7 pm Great  Bartender -Tyler stays on top of your order.
Been sitting for 45 min and still no sight of the expensive food!
Seeing the reviews on Yelp it looks like a really good place to eat because of the high reviews . The items were pretty pricey and the food was ok. Was really expecting something more authentic Chinese but seems like it was watered down to make it more American. Overall the experience was good.
Nikki is absolutely amazing. No matter your skill level or athletic capabilites, she makes you feel comfortable during your workout.
I really like the feel of this bar. I'm getting older and don't want the clubby scene of OldTown anymore. The wine selection was wonderful and I find its a nice place to hang out with your significant other or friends. Loved it.
The setup is awesome with plenty of selection. ATC is my favorite and conveniently by the Mens locker. This place gets packed in the afternoons up until 8:30 its ridiculous!
My mom loves this store, or rather the one in Indiana. I didn't find much to be excited about as the prices were still rather high and some store disorganization made it realty hard to find the awesome stuff.
One of our favorite places to eat!!  Great and inexpensive food and a bunch of friendly waitress who make you feel at home.  Even Jesus, the hardworking  busman, host, all around worker finds time to turn on the charm.  We love going there.
My southwestern burger was too gooey with cheese and green chile and pork rinds(!) but tasted pretty good.  The price is high but portions are ridiculously large.  The space in the golf clubhouse is pretty cool and inviting.  Like the tater tots.
I love this place and wish them the best! We ordered the mo Thai and it was absolutely fabulous. Love the decor and really nice people. Will definitely be back for round 2 very soon.
If there were a 0, I'd select it.  The audacity to charge so much for a pathetic display of an aquarium!  Don't waste your money or time!
Good customer service but the food was a bit dry. I think there is a new ownership because it is not as busy as it use to be and there are a lot of new employees. Overall an okay place to get a quick lunch or something.
The food at Mexi-casa rocks. Great craft beer selection with taps that rotate regularly. The best gringo-Mexican grub in Pittsburgh. All the burritos are well over a pound. I always leave full and happy. Mexi-casa es muy bueno!
They can't get the orders right.  I always have to double check my bag before leaving the drive thru. They're open late, but they have no lights on at night. Poor service. I'd rather go to Sonic's down the street.  This Mc Donald's needs improvement.  Bad
This is a nice, clean airport. Not that I am a pro on travel or anything but there seems to be plenty of  shops and places to eat inside the security.......unlike other airports.
This is a great place for dinner in the Henderson area, The only thing keeping me from a five star rating is the booths. they are very uncomfortable. But , the food is fantastic. It seems that Todd does fish dishes the best. And the menu always is changing.
Left after waiting 50 minutes for my food.
I just called to try and buy a dark side of the moon t-shirt and they do not do stock checks? So, I have to drive 45 minutes, attempt to park in Union Square in SF and they might not even have what i need? No thanx, i'll find a store with better customer service to buy it from
Casino has a slight southern feel to it with lots of butterfly themes, it seems smaller and more compartmentalized then most casino floors. Its really nice with the plants in the entry way and views of the pool from the casino.\ndidn't live up to Steve Wynn's hype though, but still very nice.
HIGHLY disappointed! Far too overpriced & its crappy as hell. Even the quality of their wings was worthless. Will NOT be coming back
Good portions. Service ok. Food quality questionable. Still a new location so maybe they'll get better?  Sort of expensive.
I have finally found the Holy Grail of Sushi places....\nCheap...\nHigh Quality...\nBeautifully made and served...\nWhat more could one ask for?
Cool joint - love the NoDa area, all the bars and restaurants around here.  I like the \"warm & rustic\" feel of Growlers and look forward to going back and trying more beers next time. Have not tried the food yet....
Ok in a pinch. Manager is not very nice. Also some cashiers are pretty rude! Use it only because it is right across from where we live.
I think Pump It Up is a lot better for younger kids. This place is better for older kids
Gotta go Monday nights for Human Experience. $1 beers n great poets.
CLOSED.  Wanted ramen.  Didn't get ramen.  Business is another victim of the economy.
Terrible service, but the burger was pretty good. Not Burger Bar or Bistro Burger, but if you want to go a little cheaper and still have a decent late night burger.
Wow,  words cannot describe how delicious this place is. We got the Cuban sandwhich,  breakfast burrito, and dirty chips... all fantastic. I really regret not taking pictures because the presentation was also great, but it was too good to not devour immediately. Definately going back!
100% southern comfort food at a great price.  You can't beat it!
Steer Burger cooked medium rare is the besssstest thing on the menu... I don't usually like eating burgers but this one wassss AMAZZZZZING AND JUICY JUICY JUICY. By far the most tasty I have ever had!!!
Mr Bigelow PhD is too busy with his extraterrestrial studies to understand that being a slum lord is a bad thing.
Perfect spot for afternoon dining on the patio (at least in the spring time).  Nice happy hour menu.  My favorite thing is actually the croissant bought in the morning at their \"market\".  It is perfect - flaky inside and kind of crispy outside.  Treat yourself to one if you're here.
Everytime I walk in here, the scent just gives me diabetes haha. Its amzing though, I always try something new and have yet to be dissapointed.
Great everything.  We were met at the door, shown the layout and given advice on the menu.  The food was amazing.  The apricot chicken was very, very good.  My wife loved the flat iron steak.  Great place.
Crepe lasagna layered with bechamel, toasted crispy under the broiler.  Paired with a nice glass of wine makes the best hands down dinner in Vegas.  Nothing more needs to be said about this place.  Rock on.
Get the punch card if you frequent this establishments and is other locations. \n\nGet up and go with mangoes ! Yum.
Food quality is lousy - service is both unresponsive and unprofessional and the cliente is extremely unfriendly. This shoud sum it up ~ would never return.
Always good choices for wine, meat, chicken, and anything for the home. Isn't crowded at all and the prices here in Arizona are great!  I am a big big fan!!
The staffs was rude and management doesn't seem to care. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.
Perfect airport hotel.  Decent rooms, starting to age but still not bad.  Not easy to get to or find so look for the large gas sign. But if you do, they have a small pool and a large lobby.  Perfect place to hang out if your tired of your small room.  Food is okay but nothing fantastic in my three stays there.
very good..   huge plates!!
This place is an awesome little gem that I came upon today.  It's tucked back in the Bay Creek neighborhood with a fabulous view of Monona Bay and downtown.  Not to mention great coffee and a good vibe.
CATCH-UP TIME! \n\nOh Darren's just mad because he misses his Krazy Brothers. lol Their pizza and hoagie were pretty good to me when we ordered from them.  Delivery was lightning quick as well.
Walked into this place and walked right out. Um.. yeah, sorry, no. I am a vegan and totally love supporting vegan restaurants but this place made me so uncomfortable.
Food is good but overpriced in my opinion. Every time I've tried to place an order over the phone there is a major miscommunication which is irritating to the point where I ll probably not order from them again.
LOVE this place! It's a cute, quaint little place on the lake in Tempe. There food is great and service is laid back and polite. I love having cocktails here while listening to the music performers and looking at the beautiful sunsets on the lake!
Well I thought wet and wild was helping with my sons medical.  Well at least that is what they told me.  When the bills finally came in, they were in excess of $4,000 and when I emailed that over I never got an answer.  I emailed 3 times and have heard nothing.  Now I am really mad.
Flight delay allowed us to have a wonderful breakfast here at beaudevin. Sarah is a 5 star waitress.  Great lox and bagels, eggs florentine, and Greek yogurt surved with exceptional coffee.
I went here after giving Danny's way too many second chances. Overall positive experience. Kinda wish that they explained their membership a bit more. I saw the sign and asked the cashier that had zero interest in letting me know about it. Sad cause it might have been something that I was interested in.
Pass on this place! When we went in for dinner it was so hot in the building and no air circulation to the point we were sweating. The food is way over rated for the price and same with the cocktails... I wish this place was better on their food, drinks and service- the atmosphere was nice though.
Theres nothing special about this place, just so-so chinese food you can grab on the fly. Its not terrible, but i wouldnt choose to come here if i had another choice.
Its just ok. Another poorly maintained Summerlin park. Trashy people leaving their dog poop all over, and leaving their trash all over.
Aloft are independent hotels loosely affiliated with starwood. They are modern styled, boutique influenced hotels that while often cut corners in the build out, attempt to offer the boutique experience at a holiday inn price. My second experience there, and so far, both Alofts (Charlotte and Richmond were friendly and attentive.
Shepherd's Pie was amazing! This visit certainly changed my perception of British food. Next time I'm in Phoenix I will definitely return.
Blue Cheese burger was delicious. Service was excellent. Mojito was strong. The garlic fries were hot and delicious. I love the heat lamps and outdoor vibe. I even loved the background music. Great place.
For Vegas (Inside MGM), this place isn't over the top in ambiance or decor but their food is great.  Place is pretty small but you can get sushi and appetizers to share that are pretty impressive.  Been here a few times and it's been consistent as far as food and service.
Great Burgers!!\nVegi Taco was very flavorful and i am not usually a veggie guy.\n\nChocolate Shake was assume, just not on my diet.\nI will be back
Really good food, hadn't had a good Chinese meal in a year. Buffets are not the same. Definitely coming back.
For the right person this is incredible self awareness education. They are hard sellers into your \"next step\" but what they offer can definitely transform your life.
Great soup and Shrimp caprice. The only reason why I go there.
beautiful park.  could spend days there.  beware of bugs.
The place looked newly remodel. It was nice and clean. The waiter was very attentive however we picked a bad day with all the rain . The electric went out four times during our meal .  My salad was large with large chunks of avocado and plenty of chicken.  My associate had a salmon salad
I had a lot of fun, but for the price the food was not worth it. It tasted nothing special, and I did not get full.
The cheesesteaks are very good but an hour to wait for a sandwich is just way too much. Also, there was no warning of how long the wait would be, and every time we asked how much longer, we were told 15 more minutes. It is too bad, nice family business, just not run effectively.
LOVE the swiss cheese fondue. This is a great place to stop in for a glass of wine & fondue. I have enjoyed dinner here as well. Unique and fun place.
Love me them Steak burritos. Pricey but worth it
Great food a decent price.  Made from scratch in front of you with a smile.  The green onion pancakes are awesome!  We'll be back!
Jason is incredibly efficient with all of his services.  He takes pride in his work and pleasing his customers.  He is my go to for business and personal moving, honey do lists and handy man repairs!!!
Not very convenient to get to from south side durango without a u turn. Parking lot is extremely small and hard to navigate. Shortline across the street is way easier.
Really gross. The wait staff was awkward & kind of rude. The drinks were okay. I just knew I could have made myself a better dinner at home.
Wild menu..huge portions .. Just ok.
Exactly what I needed to get my watches back online. Service was while I waited and prices were more than fair
HAPPY HOUR SERVICES SUCKS! been here two hours and yet to see a waitress at our table (3 top)
Always a very helpful staff.
Delicious breakfast!  So many choices on the menu we will have to come back for sure!!!  Bacon is amazing, oatmeal was great, Crab Benedict was one of the best ever, lots and lots of crab.  Southwest wrap also was very high quality.
Stopped by for my birthday meal and received an excellent steak, excellent service and a free desert.  The manager came by twice to make sure all was well......
Just regular tasting burger but way too overpriced!  Long wait and it's not worth it.
Really great bubble tea! And My favorite shake is the Pumpkin Chai Shake which is limited time every year. SOOO good and made with real pumpkin!
Great wine specials! Sunday's $5 glasses of wine and their Monday & Tuesday special of bruschetta and a bottle of wine for $20 is amazing! It does get busy so don't go if you're in a hurry but it is worth a try.
Had duck fried rice which was full of small crunchy bones. The cashew chicken had a funky odor and the pad thai was horrible. Not to mention the restaurant is dirty and condiment bottles are crusty. This place is overpriced for poor quality food. We will not be going back!
Put you on hold forever (case in point the entire time it took to write this review). Do not have products as advertised in the weekly flyers (produce and bakery). Products are generally higher end=expensive. Even as a foodie, it is generally not worth my time. I prefer whole paycheck for my advanced culinary needs.
Happy hour is good, but thats about all that is good about this place. Food is bad, drinks are just ok.
Had the chicken satay...really good. Chicken panang curry was decent, but really soupy. I've had better.
Lousy quality...bait & switch techniques.....STAY AWAY!!!
I love this place.  My wife got the Mac Daddy, daughter got the Bear, and I got the bratwurst Stuffed Pretzel.  Crazy cool flavor combinations and a foodies dream.  Bring your hipster friends too.  They'll dig the atmosphere.
It's been hit or miss here. I've had some good stuff and some okay stuff. The babaganouj and moussaka were delicious, the lentil soup and spinach pie were eh. Overall it's good food and I will go back, and the owner is pretty amusing and very kind!
Excellent will produced show has all her hits very little complains it starts about 10 minutes late but every show is sold out dancers are incredible it's worth the cost of price of a mission if you are a fan if your not a fan you will become one
Great place for doing official type things. You can fax and get notorized all at the same time... in fact this is the only place I fax, and I fax all the time. UPS peoples are good peoples! Super friendly and prompt!
This place was packed and we had to wait for over an hour to be seated.  It was well worth the wait.  I had the best burger I've ever eaten in my life.  It had duck bacon on it for God's sake!  I highly recommend this place.  Go here and have a burger, you will be glad you did.
It's all about the beer selection here, period. The food is mediocre bar food. But the atmosphere is lively, the service is decent, and the beer is outstanding. Get there early on a night or weekend or be prepared to wait.
This place looks so ugly.It smells like very bad. The food items are not tasty.just for drinks and spending a while is OK
Too small for a Vegas club.  I thought I was clubbing in LA. \nI like the disco theme though.  There were gogo dancers wearing sexy disco gear with afros. Quite cute. \n\nThe girls and I weren't feeling the ambiance so we hopped to another club. So should you.
Service was okay. Nothing special. Tasted like standard take-out. Not impressed.
This place is so disgusting. DO NOT let them touch you with anything sharp. This was the worst manicure I've EVER had. Stay away folks.
This is a family owned business that rocks! \n\nGlad I ran into Kenny, this was my 7th transmission to go into my offroad truck,  I can beat on it with piece of mind!\n\n\n-Shawn
Such great service & reasonably priced. I brought in two jackets and a vest for dry cleaning and two buttons to be sewed. Upon checkout, she mentioned that they also tightened all the current buttons on the jacket as well. Great job!!
I was not impressed. Had much better chinese noodle soup. Maybe I ordered the wrong item, I may give it another chance. Friend had wonton on peanut sauce, that was pretty tasty. Overall cost performance was not bad, hence, 3 stars.
Have been here 2 times and the Empanada's are very good! I am disappointed that the place is empty because it has serious potential. Both visits were during the Christmas shopping season and during lunch time. \nOne of the best choices is the Samosa Veggie. Very good blend of spices!
I hate the service takes forever to be seated, a part of the store was dark but still okay to sit in and they wouldn't let us sit there so we waited an hour to get seated. They said they did it for customer satisfaction but ur service is already horrible.
One of my favorite places. The stuffed dates are amazing, as is almost everything I've had here. Loved the lamb skewers as well. And the Sangria!!!! Great service to boot!
This is a really nice place.  The decor is great and the service is super friendly.  I had the poblano burger and it was cooked perfectly.  They have mostly local beers on tap and I enjoyed the two different IPAs that I tried last night.
Good...! i  was surprise the way they take care of you do you feel comfortable to be over there take it of you the right... there be so great guy to access to the customer
We had lunch there. Avoid at all cost. Spend couple more bucks and eat at other hotels. This was worse than Hometown buffet.
It's a buffet. Big money, big food, big people.\n\nShowed up at 7:00 on a Friday night in the summer. About a five minute wait. Not too bad. \n\nEh.
Service is decent but food is highly overpriced for what it is. Will not eat here again.
Ate there last week.  Food and service was so good that I just made Thanksgiving reservations!
This place is closed.  Its a cash for gold joint now.
This was my first Chinese restaurant that I tried in the area.  I came for the lunch special and had the orange chicken.  While it was good, I felt that the portion was very small for the price and I left still feeling hungry.
The food tastes amazing!\n\nWe were pretty much the only ones there at 4pm on a Saturday.  But the servers were good and the food was tasty!  I can only speak about the bulgogi and the spicy soup though.  Next time we'll try the pork belly!
Plain nasty.  Rude waitress and who doesn't carry Bacardi?
Decided to go here again last night with the family (not my choice). Didn't try the sushi or anything risky but was still up all night with #2. So was my mother. \n\nHavent been in over a year and a half and def will never return.
good price for rooms. clean and friendly staff!
I really like this place! The food is reasonably priced and very tasty. Their take on palak paneer is one of the better ones I've had. The staff is very friendly and really go above and beyond to make sure you are happy.
Delicious cakes. I would give 5 stars but serving coffee in paper cups is ridiculous. Get desserts here but coffee elsewhere.
Great place to stop in early morning on the way in to work. No wait every time I go! \n\nThe protein pancakes are moist and fluffy... Never dry!\n\nThe coffee is good (not great) but who can beat drinking as much coffee as you want for 2.29?!
I come here often and always have a great meal.  the service seems to get better each time and more efficient.  they really want you to enjoy yourself and have a great experience.
Shrimp is really good, I always get a steak and that's good too. The butter cake is delish but the service isn't friendly and I have came back here multiple times.
Had dinner here for business, and it's a very nice restaurant. NY strip was cooked perfect and was very good. Creamed spinach side was also very good, mashed potatoes were average. NY style cheesecake was awesome. Service was over the top. Prices are high, but I wasn't paying!
Basically, if you don't need a fake ID to get in/aren't interested in pedophilia ... don't bother.
My husband and I we looking for a different restaurant and saw this place and decided to give it a try. The service was GREAT. Our server was very attentive and fast.
Great food, good service & loved the tequila selection.  Just wish we had ordered a little less, portions were very generous.
A fun place for  local hang out but the hotel does need some love in the hard goods area.
I've been to  this location five times. And it's fabulous every time.  Sabrina was our server last night.  Not only is SHE A 10.  But she is an excellent sever.  I love this place
Our uncle brought us to Orchids.  This place has a very good variety of dim sum.  You don't have wait forever like some of the other places for the carts to come around.  For Vegas, it's pretty good!  Will be back soon!
The Best of Italy is open late night and if you so happen to be in Old Town and have the late night munchies you should stop by their pizza is awesome. You might want to get your pizza to go though there will be lots of loud drunkies hanging out there.
This buffet is a little pricey, but so worth it!  The dim sum was good.  The steamed crab legs were very tender and so worth the work.  Sometimes with buffets the desserts look good, but disappoint.  That is not the case here all the desserts we tasted were good!
Friendly nice people that work here .. Food is good service is quick see a lot of locals hanging out here and local workers... Eat enjoy have fun..
Food is always fresh and excellent here. One of my favorite place to eat sushi. Dragon Tiger roll is delicious, GTR roll is spicy and good. Yellow tail grill is great! Sashimi is very fresh but remember large order is only 5 pieces :( \nService is very nice :)
I get my hair cut by Nique (pronounced Nikki) and she does a fantastic job. The salon is clean, they have great products (Moroccan Oil!!) and really good deals for first-timers. Come check it out!
I don't think you press some white processed substance into a 9 iron shape and call it shrimp. Can someone send this to a lab or something? I need to know what I ate!!
Awesome!  Loved the fries cooked in duck fat!  :-)
Food very average. Great waitress but poor service from the kitchen and bar. Really no excuse because it was early and slow.  New owners and managers were in the corner table and seem uninterested in what was happening in the their new restaurant. Really was looking for another alternative in Gilbert. Will not return!
Great food, awesome atmosphere. We needed this in southern highlands. Great service in the bar area but the restaurant service needs improvement
So delicious! The arancini and squash blossoms were so yummy. The pepperoni pizza was perfection and the featured pasta  was sooo good!
course was in good shape.the only problem i had was my 6 month old clubs fell off the cart 3 times and scratched some of them.didnt hurt my score.
Love this place!  Almost don't want to write such a great review because I want to keep this place to myself.  Fantastic service, food, and drinks.
I don't always feel safe coming here but it's pretty big and there's a lot of electronic stuff.  They usually have pretty good deals but I would still shop around for the big ticket stuff.
Called ahead.  Lost our name.  Waited an hour.  Placed in budiest table next to kitchen.  Staff disorginized and screeming above our table.  Mix up on wine.  Took 50 minutes to receive cold food. 4 star prices at 1 star service.  Never again
Nice staff.  Thoughtful technicians. Accommodating staff.  Flawless service.  Prices commensurate with service level. \n\nWe like the, a lot.
Amazing Veggie Burger and Apricot Salmon dish.  Fairly reasonable price, great service, good atmosphere and amazing food...  A hidden gem for certain.
The beer was cold and really good (Spotted Cow...must try it if you haven't), the food was great (and cheap) and it's just a great bar to hang out in.
Hate this airline. My flights delayed every time without fail and the airplane itself is disgusting
Been to this location many times and never a bad meal..always great service and awesome burger, will continue to visit here looking for great fries with an Angus burger. They also have a fantastic chicken sandwich.
This place is dumb.  Over over priced - dont go trust me.  Burnt - ass coffee for $5.
Not a typical hotel \"steak house\". Just had appetizers and cocktails in the bar... Could use a slightly larger selection (cater to the hotel crowd) but those we had were top-tier (lobster roll, sliders, fish n frites).
It has slowly but surely gone downhill. Friday night and it's empty so I think other people are thinking the same thing. They messed up every dish we ordered.
reasonable prize, gave good inputs regarding my yard, honest and hard working guy
Incredibly lame.  Not even worth the groupon cost.  Their \"wall of candy\" is a joke too.  Save your moola and go some where else.
A party of 4.  3 had great meals, 1 was cold food, manager replaced it.I think their coupon program is krap. They way they charge you on the check you can't tell if it all adds up without a calculator.   Figured it out later & it didn't. Not worth going back for.
Best place in town to get a  group of friends together and go watch the game!!!!!
Really nice place. Great beers on tap.
Great coffee. **Better green smoothies with high quality protein. ***Best service. Happy cutsomer :)
Great service, great food (although the menu is small, all the food is delicious)!!!  I am a big fan of the fun and laid back atmosphere!!!  Definitely a must go to!!!
love this place....prob the best steak i ever had here, tremendous apps....ok ambiance though!
Whoever said this was a quick process lied to you and me. Been here for 2 hours and there's still no end in sight. Great area, comfortable waiting area, but this is turning into an all day event. Nice staff but I sorta question the organization.
Short rib taco's\nAsian nachos \nYum yum
I wouldn't not recommend anyone to go here,me and my friend were drinking last night outside patio and this   Waitress won't let us finish our drinks so pushy pushy they want u to finish fast drinking slow down guys manager is a crock to...
The employees are so RUDE!  I can't believe with all the competition in the area that this place can give such poor customer service.  I certainly won't shop here anymore.  Get a clue Ulta.....send your employees to a customer service class.
The staff was very friendly. The pizza was just OK. We ordered our pizza for take out and had to put it in the oven when we got home because it was undercooked.
Great food that is decent for you.
Sorry... not as good at Fairmount! The all-dressed bagel was as good as naked, with no salt to be found.
Probably some of the best pizza you can get around town.  Locally owned.  Friendly staff, who remember my name.  The prices are very good.  I liked the pizza from the previous owners, but the new owners have taken it up a notch.  They deliver, but I always pick up.
Decent service, fairly good food, average pricing, decoration and visual aids a bit outdated.
Garbage is the only nice word that comes to mind
I stopped eating here last summer.  I have a rule.  I cross any place off my list when I'm too distracted by all the flies to pick something from the menu.  \n\nI'd give one star, but, the saving grace is that all the flies are dead in the winter.  And Madison has a lot of winter.
The service is a little Slow at the end of the night but it is because the food is fresh. great environment. This is not a place to be in a rush.
We placed a to go order and they left out one of entrees.  Once we realized when we were home and called them, they said there's nothing they can do.  No refund, nothing.  Very shady.
So this review is for the airport alone.  It seems that they are always crowded, and they don't make my airline put the connections next to each other, but they are relatively clean.  Overall I like the airport, but I'm one who likes to eat at restaurants, and the restaurant selection is limited to me.
They get two stars for having HD TV and breakfast.  The room was ok but the air was not on, the bathroom tub is old, the air did not work in the hallways.  I have stayed at a few SpringHill Suites this is not one of the better ones.
Appears to be out of business, no web site, phone disconnected and nobody there!
Horrible customer service..Never expect the cab to be in time.. They cannot tell when they can assign a driver and we have been stranded for around 2 hours till a cab finally decides to arrive
My server Alicia was so sweet and attentive. I ate alone so I had time to take in the restaurant and vibe-  she re-filled my iced tea like 10 times. Love her! Thanks Alicia! I'll come again just for you. So so so personable.
Al's now has a $20 for $10 coupon on local dines (http://www.localdines.com/phoenix?ref=19485).  A good deal that makes it worth checking out.
Definitely an OK deal for students.. My friends and I visited for dinner and it was 9.95 plus tax per person for blend, salty, and mediocre buffet style indian food. I'm sure they do other menu items too but I'm not sure I will visit another time to try them out.
Update - after I posted my review a comment was left by Main Event Entertainment asking me to email their district manager William.  I sent William an email over a week ago and still haven't received a response.
This place is AMAZING.  They have an early dinner 3 course menu that was $49, perfect before a 9 or 10PM show.  I got the wine pairing and the wines were so amazing!!!  It was a great value for the money.
I'm a huge Mexican food fan and Mango's is tops with me! The enchilladas are delicious and the restaurant seriously has the best chips and salsa in the Valley. I'm also a fan of the agua frescas. I recommend the watermelon or mango.
Flies all over the food in the buffet and the manager was rude when we asked for a refund!! Nasty!!
It's exactly the same as the other one down the street. Maybe a little smaller. Just as delicious. It can get quite busy sometimes and may be hard to flag a server down. But totally worth a little side trip from the strip just for dinner.
I waited 15 min to be helped.when I was assisted the rep seemed nice.My upset sits with the store they needed a older connection to transfer contacts from one phone to another.But the one and only transfer connection was broken.this was my experience your might be a bit better.
My first review ever so I'm keeping it simple. Absolutely fantastic food, service and atmosphere.
A: Dry and flavorless\n\nQ: What are Cloud 9 Confections baked goods?
We took our one year old dog, Owen, in for neutering.  The staff was wonderful!  The surgery went so well- very impressive.  I would highly recommend this vet- we have been in the area for over 25 years- tried many vets and this is the best without overcharging you.
Friendly and casual. Nice outdoor patio. Great homemade food at a good price. Will definitely return when we're back in town!
Tickets are just $10 in advance and you can get two beers for $7. They also have Mellow Mushroom Pizza. The games are full of hard hitting action between two teams of hard-core female athletes and plenty of fun activities for the kids.
Unfriendly staff when I was there. Terrible chai tea, but my girlfriend liked the coffee. Decent food though. Scone was good and so too the soup.
After a few years we eventually went, and the food is by far and way the best Chinese food we have eaten in Edinburgh. The service was great, but it comes back to the food.\n\nThe crispy ribs with a Peking sauce were the standout dish, but everything was superb.
Treaty was Great!!! But the spa is not the cleanest... The robes they give you where stained and the shoes were dirty... Can we say germs!!!
This is the very best Vietnamese food in Vegas!
Delicious food! It is a bit on the expensive side, but worth every penny! Their falafel is out of this world, as is their hummus, pita and kabobs! The owner is super friendly and always checks on us to make sure we are enjoying our meal.  Try it, you won't be disappointed!
Great place to eat! Make a reservation on the weekend or you will have to wait!
We tried this place based on all the Yelp reviews.  What a disappointment. I feel like I threw away $40. We got 3 rolls and none of them were good. Fish was subpar.  Don't believe the hype!
Very good salsa. Cops from fresh tortillas.  Food was tasty.  Service was friendly.  Prices very reasonable.  Not much of a wine selection but hey what do you expect.
Didnt live up the hype for me.
Burnt down and reopened recently.  The rebuild is nice and modern...too bad they couldn't rebuild their customer service too. But I guess it is your typical fast food place filled with unhappy employees and wrong orders with decent food.
The people there are so kind attentive and concerned about your wellbeing
Mixed up order: forgot fries.  Crispy chicken instead of grilled.  Put mayo in sandwich when asked for it on the side.\n\nCash only for drive through but accepted credit when dining in...
Food tastes ok, I ordered a Hawaiian rice bowl w/ brown rice. The bowl consisted of 80% rice, 10% veggies and 10% chicken. Rice was too hard. I don't plan on returning.
The selection here is dismal compared to the Whole Foods down the street.  The prices at this Sprouts seem to be higher on the packaged goods than the Whole Foods too.  Customer service is mediocre.  I understand this is a small store, but I've never gone there and found what I was looking for.
Always great food service, omg the Beer menu is great they have it if you want pretty much. I love them..
Woah! $45 for a mani pedi, hold the phone. Wish they were worth every penny, but unfortunately they were not. Quite the minimal manicure and not so much effort in the pedicure. Definitely not worth the price.
Great food an great service.  Had the meatball sub  and ny friend had the bolognese pasta.  And Danielle was great!
What can I say other than I love the French toast. It always hits the spot and this place is always packed.
Best bbq on town. Desserts are delicious.
Great place for a date, great food and atmosphere.  A little pricey but the food is worth it.
It's hard to pass by the bellagio and not stop for the free show. Each one is unique and well done.
Had the Big King Sandwich and Original Chicken Sandwich. BK is just not that good anymore. A shame classic chains are changing so much and have forgotten what got them this far.
One of my new favorite places!\nWe had a great dinner this evening.  Great service, good wine, fair prices, and my husband says it was one of the most perfectly cooked steaks he's ever had.  \n\nWe will definitely be back for more!
Had the pot roast today covered in delicious brown gravy. Perfect food for a cold day and an empty stomach!  The portion was big and it was well seasoned and moist.  Service was prompt despite a near packed house.  Thumbs up!
great food and the portions are large and in charge
Lame at best... No bark on the pork sandwich and cornbread smothered in a pound of butter. I would not go back and would advise others to look elsewhere. \n\nMuch better options are out there..
Is this location only open on Saturday?!? Everytime I go it's closed!
Far below East Blvd Showmars in Charlotte. We have not bothered going back. Fries pasty, fish fishy, gyro dry.
Apparently even if you are a board certified physician you get treated like an uneducated thug if you are a minority here.... Completely terrible service. Just because it's late and the majority of people are drunk is not an excuse to treat people like the S word....
It was my first time here. Not bad at all.. They let you try samples of the food too. It reminds me of a chipotle but with a little Hawaiian.
I abso love the food! 5 Stars for sure. Ambiance 5 Stars most def!!  The service, however, I go for the food & friends!
Great location, great food, and nice ambiance.  The menu isn't huge, but this is a nice French cafe type setting if that's what you're into.
This is an amazing place. Good service. Go in for an Happy Beer :-)\nOh yeah, did I mentioned they have the best carrot cake
I am very happy with the service I have received in the past. I am going back today to get four more tires.
Awesome place. The food was authentic and the service was good. If you want authentic Korean food, I recommend this place. We had Kalbi Haejangguk, Jaewook bokeum, and ahl jji gae. They were all very good.
This manager is a chauvinist pig, he has fired me because he has gotten a complaint on himself, he has made sexual comments to almost everyone that works there and is a very rude person. I would not take any one that I care about to this restaurant!!!
This place was really bad food was awful my fries were cold. The place was dirty no one table was wiped off.
Sorry, the sushi did not live up to expectations.  Good service.
good burgers and soup!!!
30 minute wait in a drive thru lane is completely redicolus. There were only 2 cars ahead of us! Way to many taco shops in town to even give this place a 2nd chance
Worst mexican ever!!!!!!\n\nDon't go there!!!
DH & I went over for dinner on Monday night...the service was terrible, and the food was not that great either. We had the garlic knots which was the best thing we ate that night. We also had baked pasta shells and eggplant parmigiana, both had way too much cheese on it.
good atmosphere.  food is good, not great. (i still miss fate's delicious asian menu *sniff*)  happy hour drink specials are good and the indoor/outdoor seating is perfect to take advantage of our beautiful autumn weather.\n\nthe outdoor bar still makes a fun stop during first friday festivities!
The Tilted Kilt is the best place in the valley to meet up and have a drink, NO exceptions.  The girls are gorgeous, the deals are great and their facebook page is amazing.  The bar tenders always have great deals and this is the only place I go to watch sports.
They charge you a Fee for using your Debit Card... That's illegal, especially when they dont tell you!!! They have this tiny obscure sign by the register.\n\nFood is alright, staff is not too friendly.
This is a crazy location, since it is basically at the intersection of Bell and 101.  It can be super crowded, especially at peak times.  The service is very friendly but otherwise this is your typical IHOP.
Dog shit customer service, both over the phone and in store. Employees like to act as if they know everything and the customer knows nothing! Over priced and overrated! Will NEVER do business here again!
Pretty decent output here. Atmosphere is so-so.  Better options in Charlotte for Thai but this place is solid if you're in Matthews
Freakin expensive.. small portions. I'm definitely not coming back.
I got to say the pizza here is not bad, but just for me not great. So many places claim to be Chicago style pizza. I lived in Chicago for over 20 years. This doesent come close. It still might be worth trying though
There is no consistency with the quality of massage you get here. I literally had some one do the karate chops on my back as if it was beneficial. If they didn't feel like giving a quality massage, don't come to work. I've had good massages here and there but I suggest finding your therapist somewhere else.
3 stars cause they get my drink right every time, minus 2 stars cause the Wi-Fi is horribly slow, Burger King across the street is 69% faster... did some calculations to figure that out...
Took my boyfriend for his bday.  He looooooved it. :) SCORE!!!  it was his first time at CDS and he can't wait to see others.  Suggestion: know the storyline/theme beforehand. it helps. :)  worth the money so see it! :)
Yuck! Everything I ordered tasted gross :( I've been here often years before and this was my first time back in over 2 years. I didn't complain. I sucked it up, paid the bill and will never be back. Only good thing about the place- cheap beer.
The food is always amazing-I've only tried vegetarian items.  They have a friendly staff that is happy to answer questions.
Everything was good till it was time to check out\nI stood in line for 30 minutes just to turn in my key and get a receipt
The brisket was very good, everything else kinda fell short. There was jalape\u00f1os in everything. Ribs were decent.
Make sure you leave AMPLE time to get to and from the airport. The rental car facility is literally miles from the actual airport. One of the furthest I've been to.
Robin Andrews has been my massage therapist for several years now.  I am a dental hygienist and have had many back and neck issues.  Robin is very thorough and knowledgable in many forms of massage therapy.  She is also an  aesthetician and master hair designer.  Robin just makes things better and I always look foreward to visiting her.
WORST STORE EVER!! Had to wait 45mins to pick up a padio set!!! Soo disorangized.. WORST SERIVICE!! Iam so disgusted i will never ever return!! HOME DEPOT ONLY!
The food is ok. Had a really good dish just once & the other few times it wasn't anything special. The food takes a pretty long time to get to the table and there are always flys in the restaurant. The staff is nice.
This company treats their employees horrible and for that fact I will never give them my business again. \nIf people wonder why the employees look or act so miserable its because they are grossly underpaid and are shown very little respect.\n\nThey are the Wal-Mart of liquor stores, enough said!
Wow. Very good Food. Nice cashiers very nice waiters. \nFood very good desserts delicious. \nEverything was Perfect. \nOnly neg points: no hot tea for lunch & no signs what you are eating. You always Must ASK somebody. \nOverall very good.
Nice sports bar atmosphere. They have a shrimp appetizer that is so mouthwatering! I wish it was an entree! Food is good - beer is good - we all left satisfied! Recommend the French Dip! We brought my daughter who was 1, and everyone was pretty okay with her being there.
Staff are a little snooty. Good ambience. If you are not a regular it's like you don't exist.
love it! all you can eat sushi.....it's awesome deff new fav place for my gf and i\nlarge menu for lots of diff rolls amazing will b back soon
Excellent steaks in a modern upscale atmosphere. Don't let it turn you off that it's located in a mall - it has it's own entrance from the parking lot. They have several different seating types from lounge couches to a full bar. Great spot for a group.
Under staffed and under trained staff. Not your typical Oreganos experience. Staff is rough. \nA chaotic dining experience at best. An espoused Chicago restaurant and no Blackhawks game only Ozzie and Harriet come on now.....Cave Creek is starving for any dining experience ...Time will tell....
Love to Cook My Own Entree... Kids Love it !!!!  Great Food !!!  And IT's ALL You Can Eat!!!!!
Best fried mozzarella ever. The staff is very friendly and fast. A little pricey, but worth it.
Average food. The waitress was pretty rude and gave us problems with the Groupon we had.
Points for being quick, relatively inexpensive food that's open late, but the tuna sandwich was very lackluster. :(
Tried it once........... never again. Really not good. I've had better pizza at a gas station!
Over priced! Terrible service! Not worth the trip- go somewhere else...
good food, good service, had a nice time with son, daughter-in-law and spouse on 10/12. Easy place to hold a conversation over dinner.
Two words. Happy Hour. That is all.
Brogan's Madtown.  Keeping it awful.
Unsure at first, but definitely worth the money and amazing show!  A mix between The Matrix and Avatar with a lot of ninja type stunts.  Great for all ages and all people.  \n\nGet there early, drink lines are long!!!
This place is ok. Good and fast service, but the rolls are nothing to write home about. In fact, most of them are tempura shrimp based so there is not much true variety if you think about it. The tempura banana desert is really good, so if you find yourself eating here, make sure you get it.
Stuck with a gym that stinks in all aspects. From Fine Print, Equipment to Fees. I am happy to say, I only owe two more months aka $40.00 and one more walk in to sign my cancellation.   Then I will finally be done with these dirty gyms.
Smells like old people.
Average for Vegas. No signature dishes or flare in cooking. Just a regular dinner. I can make better food at home. If u charge money then u should provide better food. Vegas just charges more for what you get back home.
They have one of the best fried chicken sandwiches I have ever had.  I was blocked in traffic due to the president taking off at the airport, so when I ordered my food to pick up, they literally brought it out to my car for me.  They are the nicest people.
We each ordered the South Point cut done medium rare with me opting for blackened Cajun style.  Our dinners included a house salad tossed tableside, a bread basket and a choice of potato (mashed for me, baker for Ann) or rice pilaf.  The prime rib was smaller than at Carve, but pretty good.
Walk through review: Really small casino, really trashy feeling and a lot of smoke. The best thing about this place, Gordon Ramsay's BurGr.
Some of the best thin-crust pizzas in town - especially the wise guy!\nPrices are very reasonable - Service is friendly and attentive, yet inconsistent.
the sammies are great, but for 7.50 it's small.  I love the flavors though.  The whoopie pie is okay but it isn't the best.  I know this is brief, but as small as the sammies were my review will be small, too.
I liked that the buffet was set up differently, with small portions of delicious things.  \n\nBut a buffet in Vegas is a buffet in Vegas.  There are so many options, and for $49 a head you can definitely enjoy some other delicious things on the strip.
Katz Deli is indeed closed -- but the space will become a second Postino location.
Very rude and unprofessional over the phone. We did not buy anything. Based on my experience and other comments, the ownership need to review their customer service and take action.
Awesome place! I cracked my iPhone screen and needed it replaced and I stumbled upon desert wireless. They have awesome customer service and i only had to wait about 90 minutes for them to fix the screen! I looked at a few other places who wanted to charge 100-150 and they did it for half the price!
Overall great customer service but a little upset about their Sig/ Sig accessories selection. Prices weren't bad at all. I will probably go back to get a better look at what they do have but I have yet to find anyone who stocks Sig magazines
I'm a huge fan of this place! The drinks run a little steep but the atmosphere is great. The one thing is they don't really have a dance floor so try and get invited to a table!
Surprisingly... Amazing!! The fresh bacon makes it mouthwatering. Docked one star because they lacked personality & admittedly don't use Yelp!
Traditional margaritas are very good. Food is fresh and flavorful.  Staff is very good. Family atmosphere is welcoming. Had a great meal there.
We went for Happy Hour last week so I can only comment on the drinks. I rarely drink liquor but the Spa caught my eye so I gave it a shot. Order it! So delicious!\n\nNeed to come back for breakfast - the menu looks awesome.
As in most Tapas bars you can really spend some money here on a meal. The food was pretty good and the dishes were very unique.
Not a lot of flavor. I checked it out because of all the great reviews. The food was edible, but Charlotte has 3-5 other Vietnamese places I'd rather go to. \nSuper super friendly staff here though.
This is Absolutely my Favorite Hotel to stay in Las Vegas!  Free Gorgeous Rooms, Free Upgrades, Decadent Gourmet Restaurants and Eateries and Beautiful Peeps who frequent.  I  The Cosmopolitan Hotel and  Casino!
Sishi is fair for the price, service is a notch below awful.
So the place is nice and clean. Great menu with lots of variety and healthy choices. I orders the beet salad and a pepperoni pizza for my son.
fast +cheap if you order the right thing + open late + makes goofy commercials  = Jack in the Box
Once again Pacific Garden quenches my ancestral urge for raw fish. I would go as far to mention this is the best place in AZ for fresh sushi with a reasonable price. Ice cold sake!!!
Rich creamy and smooth! The smoked salmon and Gorgonzola pear were exotic flavors indeed. There are no limits to what these guys will try next. But if you want the usuals they've got them too. The chocolate was so rich and delicious. The almond joy had nice little shavings of coconut mixed in.
Food was passable, while service was tolerable. Out of steak sauce? Really. Double fries looked barely enough for a single order of fries.  Then they charged us twice!
Brad was here today and my window are clean and sparkly!   He is honest, fair and will do a fantastic job for you, too!  I will not hesitate a moment to use him again.
Only come here for my automotive needs.  Quick, professional, honest service everytime!
Chris Hornak is legit. By far the best promoter in Vegas. Screw those dudes on the strip, book in advance and have no worries w/Chris. He made sure I had all the info and my friends and I got into XS and Marquee w/o any problems.
Ordered 2 of the new loaded chicken bowls. Got the regular chicken bowls with out corn. Ordered 4 chicken littles no mayo. They didn't put mayo on them but they forgot the pickles. I guess that's what you get when you have kids working and don't care about customer service. Great job management.
Hard to find Innis & Gunn on tap, enough said. Lovely!\n\nQuality trendy establishment with a great sized courtyard out the back.
this is a busy dirty walmart and you shoud stay away from it. shop at a target
This is my favorite place to eat sushi in town. Here, you get a great sushi for a reasonable price
Probably one of the best places to eat pasta or wood-fired pizza...
I left my expensive ray-bans on the table after eating at binion's cafe. When i returned 10 minutes later for the sun glasses, they weren't there and the waiter that served us was not to be seen. Very disappointing.
The best museum shop I have ever met, the attendants are friendly, it is a great store, with products ranging enough price, and products that not only refer to the museum exactly, but also design products that can be presented with certainty set in the present. Loved !!!
This place is so good fresh sushi..it seems like its happy hour all the time because its very affordable..My favorite is the seaweed salad and the crazy jalapeno  roll. It has no rice :)
Gud herbz mon
Really pricey over here.\nJust got the Croque Madame. It was ok. That alone costed almost $20.  I did enjoy the Bouchon French Toast though! Similar to bread pudding.\nDidn't get to try their bakery! Need to next time.
Delicious. The vegies were fresh and the noodles were good.\nI was in the area and this was a good choice to try.\nI am glad I stopped in.
I really can't get too excited about the bagels here.  I actually prefer Einstein Brothers.  The bagels here are decent, especially if they are hot, and the toppings are good.  The coffee here is decent.  But really, there isn't much to get overly excited about.
Watched his first show at Caesars Palace,  Las Vegas on 12/26/06.   Liked his TV episodes but definitely not the talk show in CP, big disappointment.  The opening comedian is much better.  His joke contents need a lot of polishing and work-on.  Especially  we had to pay high price for it.
Lets get the bad out of the way first, the prices. They seem to be pretty expensive for a burger joint. With that being said I love the food! Burgers are the best!! Love the fried too!!
I don't think this is the best hotel on the strip. Rooms are ok. I think I would still stay at the Venetian and Wynn in the future.  Service wasn't great.   Room doesn't feel as clean and linens are showing much wear.
Best restaurant in Vegas. Been here twice and everything we ordered was amazing. I will be going here everytime I'm in Vegas.
Gas prices here are generally among the lowest in the area and I like using their $7 automatic carwash.
Happy hour at Cheesecake is the best!  (So that is purely what my review is based on!)  Super friendly servers, great drinks and excellent food!  Compared to the normal prices (which are pricey) happy hour is a great time to come in and get all the best appetizers for excellent deals!  Go and enjoy!
I love Marco's pizza, I recently tried it because my friend works there and she recommended it. Their ingredients were fresh, and I especially love their crust topper options. I added Roma seasoning and garlic to my pizza, it tasted amazing and my hands were covered in garlic butteriness afterwards, but I've never complained about that.
Bar is a bar is a bar. Haha stopped in for a drink on the way back from getting my favorite bottle! Not the bar type won't be back. Have a good time all!
I am a total sucker for a \"burger joint\" and this is one of the best. I kept hearing about PV Burger from friends all over town so had to try it and it exceeded my expectations. The burger bule was heavenly - who knew an egg on a burger would be so awesome?
This place was on Dirty Dining TWICE in one month.
Very crowded! Go to the one on Central. Way better IHOP.
I used to love this place, but our food this weekend was absolutely terrible. We will not be returning.
Finally a sports bar that has really good drink and food specials on Mill, plus lots of TV's to catch any sports game. I tried the wings there and I must say its quite tasty. I would recommend the wings to pair with any drink.
Just needed a quick haircut, even something quick and dirty so I went here after seeing the reviews on yelp. Madlyn was extremely nice and knowledgeable and I even got a new hair style from her! I'm just angry I didn't find out about her until senior year.
I have never had a better doughnut. They are like a drug you just gotta keep going back for more!
totally shit, shit service. The waiter told us to move the dishes ourselves when we needed to move to another table. I never write a review before but this restaurant is terrible
I've also had the unfortunate experience of having dealt with this company in the past as well. However, if it's any consolation to anyone else, the Arizona St. Attorney General's office is finally taking action against these scam artists, and they are now no longer in business.
Another giant waste of money.  Again set up in trailers.  You are in and out in less than 3 minutes.  Not worth the money.  These guys really need to up their game as well.  I mean my God what year are we in???!  This should be at a small town carnival.
This place is great to hang out during happy hour, 1/2 price appetizers and some drinks. Friendly crowd and service. The \"Sampler\" is the best with a couple beers.
Uneventful food...
If you are craving pizza I think Charlotte has much better spots to satisfy that craving
Enjoyed a great salad with plenty of chicken. The service was optimal and as I recall from previous visits the staff is easy on the eyes.\n\nI'd go back.
Great Irish Pub right in the heart of campus! This bar is almost always packed, especially if there is a good game on! The food is awesome too for bar food. They have a great chicken sandwich with french fries. Add a tastey Guiness to complete your meal!
If you are coming here before a game come early.... 30+ mins to order a soda, another 25 more to order food....hour 20 in and food is still not here.
Great drinks. A bit pricey tho =\\
Love their baguettes! As for their sandwiches, it's alright. They are kinda stingy with the meat so you're getting mostly bread. I wish they would also accept credit cards instead of cash only. I know they have an ATM inside but come on now, seriously?
The cashier don't understand you and the order was messed up. Plus they forgot my sour cream and when the cook was dipping it that all looked at me smiling like he put something in it. Never again will I eat there.   Will be reporting this.
This is my 4th auto lease with Global Exotic Car Rentals They have consistently beat all other prices and absolutely go out of their way to make you happy.
Better than any other bar in the Mill area.   With the new growler laws it has gotten even better.....
Beautiful decor. Very genuine staff. Very clean washrooms. Delicious food. I tried the market trio. The blackened tilapia was nice with a little bit of spice. This is a great place for a seafood lover.
Rice tasted like plastic. Service sucked. It was my first and last time going there. If I didn't have a $20 gift card I don't think I would went in the first place. Not a good experience at all. :(
These places seem to be all over the valley summer not as good as others this particular one really rude and nasty later I want I have no idea I recommend trying to have another location..
Food is ok but service is always very good. Price is on the high side
As far as fast food goes, I love Chick-fil-a. The service at this location is good, had an issue with an order here and there but they are willing to fix it. I am not as sold on their breakfast menu as the day time options are much better.
I've eaten here twice while visiting my in-laws.  Pretty good food and atmosphere.  Nothing special or exciting, but still a good meal.
2 classic project cars needed to get to their new home, so based on Yelp reviews, we called QP Towing. I'm so glad we did.  Joey, John, Violet and Lauren were all super helpful when making the arrangements, and Roger got our two babies moved safely.  Would defintely call them again.
AMAZING sandwiches. I tried three different sandwiches and each one was more delicious than the last. Definitely would recommend to anyone looking for a quick bite in the area.
Go to trams. It is much better. The teriyaki chicken tastes better in a mall and the pho is okay although questionable ingredients. Fresh spring rolls only had shrimp lettuce leaf and rice noodles. Nothing else.
Hotel room is clean and roomy. The bed is comfortable and big. \n\nReally good value for the size of room and the location on the strip is quite central. \n\nThe queue to check in is LONG and they only had 2 staff but 6 counters.
Large portion of disgusting food. Pancake was bigger than my face but not fluffy at all. I'm really not into large quantity of food that lacks in quality.
Need Food grab a dog.\n\nNothing fancy - nothing WOW . . . hot dogs
Nice pool area. They have a big wave pool and a lazy river in addition to normal pools. You can rent cabanas but they are incredibly expensive. It's an outdoor pool but between sections of the building so it doesn't get tons of direct sunlight.
Great selection of yogurt and toppings.  For me, it is worth the drive out of the way
Great rooms. They just need to upgrade the TV to the 21st Century.
Still sucks....\n\nCarry on..
This is our one and only \"must do\" on each and every trip to Las Vegas.  We have visited multiple times at each seasonal display with the sole exception of the Chinese New Year.  The displays change from year to year and are always a joy.
The 2 slices and a can of soda deal is hard to beat for 5$...  they also don't charge extra for ranch or blue cheese, and the sausage pizza is great.  The Italian beef is huge and delicious.
Worst ever..
I drove by this place probably a couple thousand times :). Stopped by for a quick lunch few days ago and tried a Cajun catfish plate with yams fires on a side. Fish was great and yams fries were great too. I'm a fan!
My 8 year old daughter started taking voice lessons with Ree a couple of months ago and she loves it.  Ree is great with children, she  has such a warm, sweet personality.  I would highly recommend Ree, she is a pleasure to work with, professional yet very personable and encouraging.
I really liked this place. The food was good and the strawberry lemonade was even better. It was not to sweet and they put real strawberries at the bottom.
This place is a smaller - family owned style business. They are all so nice and accommodating. The decor isn't major but the food is great and incredibly affordable. We recently moved away and miss having this place just around the corner!
Its been a while since I visited my friends at Sin City Brewing because I live in So Cal now. My recollection is that it was a fun place to hang, have a bite to eat & stick a beer in my piehole. The staff are friendly & wise to the different beers out there & can describe the differences.
The bread was terrible. The pasta tasted like tomato soup. It should not be listed as an Italian restaurant!
Just an average coffee shop with no originality, only amateur art. A coffee shop should be about environment - anyone can serve good coffee. Visit a European coffee shop or New York coffee house and you will see the difference. Save your time, buy some Folgers, gather some friends, meet at home and talk about your art collection!
Don't check your bags with the Bell desk.  It will take over 40 minutes to get them.  And you have to wait in your room.
Not going to to be a returning customer....at least for breakfast. The buffet of Fathers Day was cold and extremely limited. The only saving grace was that the staff was friendly and attentive. I liked the taste of the food, but it would have benn much better if it was warm.
Joe has insured my home, autos, and business for years. They are top rate. The key to a successful business is surround yourself with high quality people and that's what Joe has done. His staff is top notch and very well informed. First class service and competitive pricing make for a great combination.
My fiance and I order food here every Friday, it is our favorite. The shrimp sauce is awesome and the food is delicious. We usually order the hibachi steak. Big thumbs up!
Salads are good here. However ordered a a stuffed Portobello minus the meat and got lots of meat.
ample parking, free water in the waiting area, friendly professional personable staff, quality dentistry, distracting decor (good for those tough procedures!).
Best pizza in Vegas!
Aside from the really negative party recruiter guy that kept calling me Tex and later took the drink out of my hand and chugged it, this place was okay. Had decent music, a decent open bar drink list. I wouldnt go back though.
Great hotel everything here is awesome same goes for the service. Other then that only thing that keeps me from not giving it a 5 star is that there is no casino, signal from phone is always bad when im in my room ... DAM AT&T haha might not be the trumps fault on that one.
Great place! I had spanikopita, fat Greek salad an a side of hummus-yummy! Waiter was very nice!
Decent club...i thot the music selection wasn't that great. Interiors were ok i guess.
Their Bun didn't impress me too much. Feel sodium was a little bit too much in the grilled pork.
Go with one of the specials everytime! The chef here is amazing! Just had the bruschetta chicken pasta and it was so good! The chicken was moist, the tomatoes and fresh basil with mozzarella cheese tasted so fresh and delicious.
Worst shopping experience ever. The security guard was sitting on top of a ladder cursing while talking about soccer with a female worker.two boys that belong too one of the workers were running around like they were in a playground. Most unprofessional store ever.
Paisley moved locations (by about 100 yards), and on the new location was a mural beloved by the neighborhood and painted by an internationally-renowned Phoenician artist called El Mac who creates amazing and sometimes massive murals all over the world.\n\nThey painted over it.
Nothing spectacular about this hotel. You will not be in \"wow\" when you walk in. Good value if you are not trying to spend all your Vegas money on a hotel and plan on enjoying Vegas and not locked upin your hotel room. Hotel is a bit dated. Staff seem to be very friendly.
We went here for the steak and egg breakfast two days in a row and it was really good. Its no Fogo de Chao, but it was pretty good. We will have to try the lunch or dinner next time.
I've been twice. Not a fan. That pretty much sums up my experience.
There is no kitchen.  They have rotating food trucks.  They also have guest beers.  One can get their growler filled whilst they are here.  Or, this fine establishment will be more than happy to sell you some tasty malt beverages...to go.
I still remember when this restaurant was called \"EPoys Restaurant\" and this Thai restaurant has much better and healthier food. I'll be coming back next time I'm on this side of town for sure. I recommend this restaurant to anybody that wants Thai food.
If you're looking for a cheap place to stay and one full of rowdy kids, stay here.  Rooms seem outdated to me.  But it is one of the cheapest hotels on the strip.  So, you pay for what you get.
This place has a very cool vibe and I love the patio here but every time I go its completely empty. I haven't gone there for a meal but the martinis and hookah are fab! Its a great place to go and have a nice time with friends in a relaxed lounge environment.
On my second go at connecting with GM Remon Hanna he did return my call and compensated us for one night of our three night stay..   At least that's something...  I think I speak for all when I say we would all rather just have a great stay wherever we book...
It's a prime example of a poorly run government agency. Never understand why the expectation of service has to be so low! My solution, privatize the whole thing, make it for profit and watch customer service improve!
Great little place to do for Sunday breakfast with the family.  Very nice servers,  ok food (it was barely warm) at a fair price, colored pencils instead of crayons for the kids. :). They also allowed me to charge my phone at the hostess desk.  2 thumbs up.
Decent food, nothing spectacular. Service is so-so, like any other chinese restaurant. We had about 10 different dishes, everything was ok and no after-the-fact rections so I guess that's a plus :) Definitely decent asian food in Vegas.
Had to give the spot 4 stars... The place is cool the food is good & the price is Right :D plus its @ my Casino. SouthPoint :D perfect spot to chill, grub, burger, shake did I say chill? You gotta try it...
The best service ever! The food was okay. Maybe I didn't order the best dishes there. Great for people watching since the restaurant is open and located right in front of the Ka Theater at the MGM Grand.
Got the Mahi Mahi tacos and wings to go. Waited in the bar and everything was great. Bar staff was friendly and the food came out quickly. It's a nice little spot to have lunch or maybe a quick bite in the afternoon. I really wanted to try the grilled cheese bites!
Good place with reasonable prices. Had the BBQ burger which was good and the sweet potato fries were really good as well... Being in the mall this place is definitely a good alternative.
Sonora Hot Dog...How can you go wrong with a bacon wrapped hot dog?  Pretty good when your hungry and tired from walking up and down the strip.
My go to place to shop. Great people and great products. Seafood is great too.
The prices were very affordable here but the size of the store is smaller than the Fashion Valley, San Diego, California store.  \n\nI got a pair of black boots for $60 that would have been $100 at any other store.  \n\nLacking in the clothing selection for men.
Very fun place to get together with friends for drinks. A little on the pricey side but considered average for the South Park area cuisine. Service was average, nothing wrong but nothing special, but the food was below average. The atmosphere is really what you pay for but I'd recommend sticking with drinks and appetizers.
Good place for a guy to get his haircut. Been there several times with a different stylist each time and while my hair can be most difficult they've all done a good job. Knock on wood.
UPDATE: Will never go here again. They served me RANCID beef. Even though they refunded my money, they never apologized and I can't trust someplace that serves me rancid cooked meat to take care of their raw fish properly.
Glad I read the reviews to manage my expectations.  \n\nSame as everyone else.  Show is cool, store is small, didn't see the guys.  \n\nDon't get me wrong, glad I went.
Delicious. The food was great, but during the weekend, the service is slacking. There wasn't enough servers for the amount of people there. But for the food. It was amazing. I would suggest sharing the brownie sundae, IT WAS HUGE!!!!
Today.....this is my second time in today....I had granny apple with caramel sauce. Incredible!!!
Finally found an OBGYN that I feel comfortable with in LV. Earnest, efficient, gentle and thorough. Oops.....the most important....ON TIME! I hope this ones a keeper
I went for at lunch time.  There are no crab legs at lunch time - BOOO.  The maki rolls were not as top notch as the last time I visited and they were slow to keep the shrimp tempura refilled.
Good selection, even with the things on sale or clearance.  I can always find good quality clothes at an affordable price for my daughter.
It's only 8:00pm and your out of empanadas for the night? So much for Open Late!  And what's with the folding chairs taking up space in the parking lot? I didn't know you had opened a used car lot too! Geeze - not the best service!!
This place is great!!! The burgers are awesome!! Staff are great and they are fast!  Just allow extra time on the weekends.. They are very busy!
Love the rice bowls here.  Would get anything else.
Slow service, rude hostess and cold food. What's the point when you have so many options?
The sushi here is good, but not great. The flavors are there and the fish quality is good, but the butchering is poor. The staff are very friendly and the atmosphere is typical of a small neighborhood sushi bar. It is a bit expensive, but that is what you have to expect for sushi in Las Vegas.
Good business in shady neighborhood. Friendly staff and fast service. I have ordered fried spicy wanton and it was good!
I went to Cherryblossom Noodle Cafe for lunch at the recommendation of a coworker. The prices were reasonable, the portions were generous, and the service was pretty quick.
I stayed at the Monte Carlo and heard that the buffet there was pretty good for the price. I would say it was okay, nothing too fancy and like a lot of other casino buffets I'd been to. Not bad, but not exceptional.
Really cool to visit such an iconic spot! Just wish there were more places to park.
I stopped here while waiting for someone nearby to get ready. the have tv's inside to kill time. nice!!
Yuck!  Yet another proof point in my ever strengthening argument that this town lacks good Chinese food.  But, they deliver, and in my neighborhood that counts for something.
Tasty and fresh. Good lunch specials. Every place can be hit or miss, and these guys hit more often than not. Go there, eat an egg roll and be happy. :)
First time eating at Wildflower. Went out to breakfast earlier this week with a friend. Great experience! Delicious meal! Got the lemon ricotta pancakes and 2 sunny side up eggs. Yummy! Love the berry topping. Cashier was super helpful in helping decide on that since I wanted everything on the menu :)
Everything was very sweet and very filling. Our waitress was nice, but service was a little slow and had a few miscommunications throughout the experience.
This place is horrible.  There is no way to check out and I've been waiting for 15min. It's 12:30 am total BS  DO NOT SHOP AT THIS TIME.
I had good luck here, but hard to get a drink unless you walked away, which then you lost your seat. Overall nice spot to sit and watch people and the games. Lines were sometimes lengthy to bet.... otherwise good time.
They cut our 2 year old's hair and did a decent job. I don't think it's that much different than going anywhere else except the kids can sit in a Lightning McQueen car and watch a movie while they get their hair cut.
Kind of a long drive from the heart of town but the casino is nice and clean.  You won't smell like smoke when you leave.  Decent machines and dining options.  The spa is nice.  I am a local so I have never stayed in their rooms.  The lattes from Baby Cakes are super.   Great sports book too.
Went there for my birthday dinner. Salad was good, main course was good. Desert nasty and service was terrible. Way to many people working not enough for them to do!  Groups of servers chatting and laughing, not impressed.....
Unpredictable each visit.  Checked the county health code web site and decided to stop going.
I Used to really like it here, but the pizza was not what I remember this last time. The pizza dough appeared to be processed and frozen, there was almost zero sauce and it wasn't cooked through, dough was almost raw inside.
My fiancee and I came here on the night of our engagement to celebrate.  Our server, the manager and the chef all came out to congratulate us.  The staff absolutely went out of their way to make us feel special and the food was excellent.  The experience was very memorable and made it an unforgettable night.
Awful! Bacon cheeseburger was missing bacon and cheese. It took 15 minutes to fix. Chicken Alfredo was cardboard with noodles that had 1 tablespoon of something that looks like curdled milk.
Worst indian food i ever had. there cottage cheese was so hard and when i especially ordered my food to be extra spicy it was still too sweet and there kulcha naan is just onions garnished over a naan.
Terrible customer service. Especially Irene? I won't waste my time going back again.
$13.98 prime rib in the middle of the Strip.  Great deal when you consider a simple turkey sandwich could cost more than that across the street at the Bellagio or Caesars.  Nice menu, quick service.  Not very large, so I imagine there would be a wait at busy times.  I was there on a Monday night off season.
Corn salad and the guacamole is fantastic! The tacos have a nice fire roasted flavor. Beer selection is extensive and the bartenders are nice and attentive. Garret took good care of us. I love this place! I will be back.
I think this could be the perfect lunch.  The portions are just right.  The toppings are very good.  The staff is fast, polite, competent and plentiful.  Prices are appropriate.\n\nIt is a regular stop for the people in my office.  5 stars well deserved.
This is the only place I really trust to get my hair cut! Lynn is great with the zero fade!! Her apprentice Tiffany is awesome as well!! Not only me but the whole family gets trimmed here now!! Great prices with a rewards card
I love Joe's Cola.  I have been purchasing it at Whole Foods in Henderson.  But, they stopped carrying it.  Where else is it available?
I had the hot & sour soup and chicken shrimp & beef with garlic sauce.  It was OK.  At the time, it hit the spot.  I came down with a case of food poisoning, but I am not sure if it came from here.  I guess I will never know.
Love Cho Wan Garden. We have never had bad service here.
Great Sake selection\nSushi is good, cut a little large\nTepenyake is fun, great meat\nFYI - No T-shirts allowed
The Bartender was rude and if I wasn't with my family I would have thrown my drink in his face.\nActually I wanted to do a lot more, but i figured a true review would hurt them most.  DONT GO!
Fantastic food. Great atmosphere and service.  I forgot to ask what wine the waitress brought me but I really liked it. I will defiantly come back.
Slow. Slow. Slow. Poor service. How do they even have the concession for the airport shuttle service? Vegas can't do any better?
Great food! Great service! Love the atmosphere and vibe! Their bean dip is to die for!!! Fresh side table guacamole too!!! Defiantly my favorite Mexican food!
City Noth=Westgate=Kierland Commons=Tempe Marketplace=Boring, Depressing, Place Unworthy of Affection
One of the worst for placing orders to go they never answer there phone and when they do they never get the order right !! Warning don't call a order in !!!
Not as good as I remember, but the service is top notch.
Yummy yummy carne asada fries!!!! Tacos were okay I like the guacamole it was fresh and had a lot of flavor. Not the fanciest taco places but definitely good for your taste buds!!
great drinks. Good prices. BUT YOUR HOURS MAKE ME WANT TO DESTROY YOU.
Super clean and the food very tasty, i usually  dont go to this kind of restaurants,  but this one  is amazing, thanks  to Veronica and Savannah and the cooks of course
Came here to eat pho before we head to the airport because it was across our hotel. $12 for pho is pretty expensive to me but it was decent. My friend ordered a burger and the thin cut fries were delicious! The service is good and it didn't take too long to get our food.
Came out the same day to inspect and treated the entire home the following day.  Could not be more pleased with the service and warranty.  Prices were incredibly reasonable.  Highly recommend to anyone.
TAO Beach is the tiniest place to hold a pool party! You have to pay ridiculous prices for a poor excuse of a table that'll fit 4 people . Save your money and go elsewhere for a pool party. OR pay extra for a better size table at a different day club.
Pretty much a no show, no call.  Tammy set one appointment, rescheduled for another day, didn't show or call, then I found she emailed me saying she couldn't make it. Then nothing!!!
My husband and I just had dinner here and let me tell you we will not be back.....if you are craving authentic Mexican food, don't go here everything tasted very processed and out of a can and over priced for a small amount of food......
Not impressed. The fruit wasn't ripe and for the price it should have had flavor.
Best pizza ever. I live across town and still go to this place for the pizza. I compare pizza to this pizza nothing compares at all. You get the best pizza for the best price 5 bucks. You can't beat that!
Old men everywhere\n\nSalty pot roast makes me sad\n\nPie is redemption.
Great atmosphere, mediocre service and food was just ok. Pricing not worth the time and food quality.
Based on a search for the Best Breakfast in Las Vegas we found this hidden gem. Nick, the owner, meets and greets everyone; he will even spend time chatting with you table side. The food is very good and plentiful. Well worth a visit.
I have to say the older ladies taking your order are usually really nice and awesome!  Great attitude from the older ladies, the young girls not so much.
Alerted them of a Facebook post where their employee was threatening to assassinate the president. Their response was to block me from their page. Now, because they employ trigger happy employees, I will no longer stay here. Besides, your entire hotel sucks anyway.
This place has a mom and pop feel. All of the food is homemade and delicious. Portion sizes are generous and for a reasonable price. The waitresses are very friendly and treat customers well. I come here for breakfast often!
All You Can Eat sushi is the best deal in town..Always hit this spot up when I go to Vegas. Sushi is always fresh and service is quick, nice, and helpful...you won't regret coming here!!!
We all had burgers and they were good. Sweet potato fries were great, just a larger portion would be nice. Prices were fairly reasonable. We sat on patio next to the canal and enjoyed the ambiance. Service was excellent.
I bought four woven shades at Home Depot on October 23, 2013 that Springs Window Fashions manufactured. After installation it is obvious that they do not line up horizontally. I have contacted customer service four times and \"Pedro\" has still not responded. Today is January 7, 2014.
this place is ok. nothing has ever been bad, just rather eat somewhere else. but if you've been gambling too much and just need some quick cheap asian food... noodles asia isnt bad!
Fabulous find in Phoenix, AZ. Delicious home grown organic food. Just had a cup of  their lentil curry coconut soup. OMG! Feel so lucky that I found this place--highly reconne it!
Red Robin has a classic diner image in both the food and the restaurant decor itself. The are a fusion of old diner style burgers and shakes with a TGIF/Applebees blend of modern comfort items. The even change up their burgers from time to time and theme them up like the 5' alarm burger.
Slow service. Management lacks leadership. Other than that, the food is on par with the high quality standards of all the other CPK stores.
Really bad service. Make sure to get in the face of the wait staff or count on being ignored
Great quality food and the service is great.  I would go back again.\n\nOnly reason I gave a four star vs five is the price -- it's pretty expensive for what it is...but still good nevertheless.
Second time here.  Great selection of brews, but the service is aloof.  Not sure if it is because we're Americans, but we weren't loud/obnoxious.  Just out to get a few brews before the night.
Last visit ever. Never going back. If I could leave no stars, I would. Don't bother. Took over an hour for a half a$$ job.
Lily was awesome!  She was super patient with me (I'm a first-timer) and did great work on my friend as well.  Great atmosphere and really nice staff.
Great rates, the bad part they did not think about is Parking, its the worst place to find parking, something they should have thought about before! I am a student and wish I could go there if I could get parking!
The food was very bland and the chow mein was like wallpaper paste. This was more of a fast lunch place then a take out family meal place in my opinion. I gave it 2 stars as the service was prompt and so far I still have not found a Chinese Restaurant in Charlotte worth a repeat visit.
I'll keep this short... By far the worst Japanese restaurant I've ever eaten at. Simply terribly prepared food. I actually felt bad for the people who were coming in as I was leaving, but hopefully this review will save some of you from the trouble.
This is a favorite spot for me and my friends. Good service and good food. I wish the bathroom was a littler cleaner, but that's my only complaint.
This location has gotten really bad. The wash lanes do not open on time for starters. The price has dropped trying to be competitive and the service has entirely disappeared. If you want to be ignored, this is the place to go. I have been a regular customer but I will not return again. Other great car washes very close by.
Good authentic Mexican. You can tell the food is homemade, good quality and fresh! I liked that it wasn't greasy like other cheaper Mexican.
At last a theater for adults, this place is awesome drinks are great but the food is so so this is the only theater that I go to.
Over priced, I've had MUCH better French food elsewhere.  You are basically paying for the fantastic service and the view.  I go to restaurants for food, not the service or the view so unfortunetly I have to stop at 2 stars.
Another ridiculous Friday nite wait at LGO for Curbside. Couldn't even park. And, the order was incomplete. They gave me a $50 gift card. But that only means I have to go back to use it. Is it worth it?
I seriously LOVE Nacho Daddy! The food is so good and the margaritas are yummy!! We take the family almost every Tuesday for Taco Tuesday! It's such a great deal!! 10 street tacos for $10 the pork tacos are my absolute favorite but they're all really good!!
I ate here this evening.  I only had the char grilled chophouse burger with a baked potato.  It was ok.  I thought the burger was rather small in relation to the bread.  They did have half priced apps and drinks at the bar which was awesome.
We went last night for dinner, and it was half off wine bottles.  Great plus!  Also had the great big salad plus chicken which was delicious.  The dressings are yummy and made in house.  It was pretty slow, so we got great service.  My boyfriend had the meatballs and loved them.  Will definitely go back!
Best seafood in Phoenix!  This little gem is nothing fancy, but the food is fabulous. I highly recommend the lobster and crab.  They also just opened a new patio for this fall. It definitely  satisfies my seafood cravings without hurting my wallet.
closed!  closed!  closed!
Came here while a robbery was in progress.\n\nThe cops asked me why on earth I would have come here alone (at 9pm, no less)\n\nAvoid at all costs, unless you need more excitement in your life.
\"get the grilled chicken sandwich with everything on it\" just awesome, sorry for screaming, but it is that good ...
Solid gyro for the money. Haven't had anything else on the menu. Place is always empty so I'd expect things to move a little quicker and the fries to be not over done. This is the best gyro place in the area however so I'll keep coming back
I came here for Krewella during EDC week and I just didn't care for the crowd or the venue. I ended up ditching their performance after paying $60 for the wave pool.
Went on a Wed. evening and of 4 items, the 4 of us would only re-try the beans and greens appetizer. Didn't enjoy struggling to see food because of poor lighting design for our table in between the bar and patio opening.
I'm a total fan of this store. I always find good DVDs and the staff to be very helpful. I only had one bad disc and they exchanged it without a receipt which I thought was super nice.
Love this place ever since they've changed their style and menu. Delicious food, great prices, and amazing Sangria. The salmon with pesto pasta is also amazing.
Not the best I've seen but it was nice .. The Sirvece not great just ok and the prices will u can get more for what you bay here in it other places I know with the same food quality
\"UPDATE\"  Ok went back, because we had to use our living scocial deal,  I. Got the italian, it was good I will be back.
I would give it a much higher rating except that they only have one bartender on Saturday nights and he is no good at all IMO. This means you will wait a loooooong time to get a drink and when you do get it it is sloppy and often the wrong thing.
good wings and great saucy choices.  what you expect from a BW3.  service was ok to good, setting is a bit open an not really inviting...like a big box.  The monitors on teh booths are a bit annoyuing, I only sit at a booth without one...
Absolutely horrible smoothies are made with water.. Go down the road to Dairy Queen and get a better smoothie
SOGGY belgian waffles...the maple bacon donut(which sounds amazing) is full of grease...service is mediocre...save your Money
Quick, simple. Sometimes parking can be tight.... Located in a strip mall. The car was ready when I needed it and they picked me up from the hotel.
I'd have no problem driving across town for one of their 'freezies'. Interested in knowing how I maintain my status as the \"most favored uncle\"?  Frequent visits with the kiddos to this place that's how.
Bland burrito (even with salsa, cilantro, onions, everything) couldn't finish it. And the chips were way over seasoned. Queso with the chips was the most edible thing but I wouldn't order it again.
Nice little hole in the wall bar! Has a really neat atmosphere on the patio. Our server was awesome! Very attentive and friendly.\nAnd our waters were never empty. I gave this four stars instead of 5 because the food was alright. Pretty good for bar food though!
Good food and able to manage a large group easily. Our party had 11 and there wasn't a long wait at all. Highlights: spinach and artichoke dip, onion rings, and tortilla soup. Total tab was only $160 for the whole group.
Large, clean, friendly staff, mist machines outside
Mall doesnt have the best stores but has a footlocker, eyebrow cart and bath and body works which are some of my favorites! Tons of parking as well! Def not your hang out kind of mall but since its conviently near me ill support the place!
We tried to get tickets for the Hobbit. Their computers were down and they were only taking cash. My complaint is that they were not telling people in line. Very poor customer service.
Tried this place for my bro-in-law's B.P. in Vegas.  The tapsilog, pork lau lau, adobo fried rice omelette, and chicken katsu are to die for.  Wish they had this back in So. Cal.
Friendly staff (of they are from Pittsburgh!!!) After parking my car after I dropped it off, they pulled it back out of the garage and drove me to the Megabus pickup site at the Convention. Also the weekend rate $9.99/day was SO WORTH IT!!!
Food is great.  Slightly expensive for eating at a bar but the food is what brings me back. Can be spicy.  Ask the server for help with that.
Come here twice both times closed...I don't kmow what's going on. This is my second review by the way. Yelp removed my first one because it lacked \"firsthand experience\" even though I was there to see it closed.
Drive thru is torture! Waited thirty minutes. This is the second time waiting ridiculously long at this location.
Good food but service is lacking.  Self service, sort of.  No trash cans, no easy refills.  Food is well worth the experience, though.
The service was slow.  Two people had beef brisket with mushrooms was nothing to write home about I had pulled pork and was disappointed. I will go to famous dave's or honey bears next time even waldos
British fare. Fresh pasties and a variety of them. A lot of beers on tap. Located in Commercial Center. I think they'd be better served to be in a location either on or near the STRIP, or in the southwest part of town.
Terrible!!!Please avoid.
Equipment always clean and ready to use
The only thing I will say is,  BUYER BEWARE.   Sessions are charged upfront, so be careful!
Butter Fat Shakes and if you are over 350lbs you eat for free! This is very funny experience, however the food was down right bad!
No problems here!  Service was friendly, and a small Banana Cream Blizzard and medium Chocolate-Dipped Cone were well prepared.  Sometimes nothing satisfies better or refreshes more for dessert than Dairy Queen ice cream.  This was one of those times!
Went there Sunday night to check out the BRAND NEW club! Staff was super nice, very clean and a classy joint. My straight friends felt very welcome and comfortable! Wish them much success!!!
Super delicious vegetarian, carnitas and al pastor tacos. I also recommend the Mexican street corn and the spinach agua fresca. And the staff is so friendly and attentive. Definitely check out Frijoles!
people that work their trys to give their number to your wife at least they did mine specifically ruben
Food was okay, we didn't care for the chips and salsa. Not our favorite type of Mexican food.
Nice spot for a high quality lunch.
Over-rated. Maybe it was a slow night, but the place was a let down. Expensive drinks, in-your-face bouncers, and an average crowd with a 3 -2 male to female ratio... A waste of a $20 cover.
no stars, I now have a contract with them since they took over the prior company.  Fast talking sales people promising the latest in technology but the batteries die, are expensive to replace and service calls are expensive.  I had been happy with ADT, really sorry I am stuck with this company.  It has been only 1 year and nothing but issues.
Patriot did faulty work on a brand new a/c, heater and blower they installed which nearly killed my family due to carbon monoxide poisoning.  Now less than 2 years later they are not willing to pay for repair to further problems that are showing up.
I may be biased because I'm obsessed with Gordon. I have loved all of his Vegas restaurants!
Our pizza was totally raw!  Completely disgusting and totally un-edible.  I would give 0 stars if I could.
Good atmosphere and friendly service. I like the gluten free menu.
Love the food here but jesus the wait is so long! Ordered one thing for pickup they sajd it will be ten minutes. \nIt has already been 25 minutes. No food. \n\nAlso a tad expensive :/\nAnd everytime I come in there are flies everywhere
Definitely a misleading store. You will find no great deals and no low prices. I don't know how they can have such outrageous prices and expect to do much business in Arizona Mills Mall. The staff seem clueless and unmotivated.
There was a lot of audience participation in the show, plus Penn does a lot of talking. I expected a little more comedy and a little more magic, but it was pretty entertaining. Glad we went. But it isn't a show that I need to experience again and again.
The falafel is some of the best in Tempe.  The gyro sandwiches are cheap and solid. They have a gyro deluxe sandwich which comes with feta. Good times. Yes, the lemonade rocks too.
Worst pizza I've had in a long time. It reminded my wife and I of pizza that you buy at a skating rink. I'm extremely surprised at the good reviews.
Very delicious breakfast. The food quality is great, location is prime and comparably reasonable prices!
Play place under renovation. Bad wi-fi mojo.  Service should be a little better to keep the place worth coming to.
Worst location! Horrible service! If I could give NO STARS I would! They were completely disorganized, couldn't get a simple toasted plain bagel order right... And THEY HAD NO SOAP in the bathroom!!!
I'm not a huge fan of seafood but the buffet at Mandalay Bay is right up there with the Forest View Cafe @ Harrah's in Tahoe.  Great environment and short lines, beats Bellagio's which I think is totally overrated.
Gluten free people need Tamari, I understand you have soy sauce but that doesn't help me, come on Sakana, we come here so often, it's 3 dollars.
Terrible. Long wait, food was a mess and unappealing. One of the worst places I've been.
Wow this is the worst post office ever! Huge line for no reason. One window open and the guy was a passive aggressive meany--impossibly slow. All forms ready and still took 5 minutes to process a package at the counter? Guy should be fired. Ugh. Do yourself a favor and go to a different post office.
I won't give it a 1 because the food was edible however it was VERY tasteless/bland and over priced. We paid $100 for a sushi roll, 1 noodle dish and a poultry dish with steamed rice and 2 sodas. NEVER AGAIN.
Worth a stop but not a return.  2 1/2 stars.
Ate there at lunch today and it took 45 minutes to get a hamburger and patty melt. $23 for both including tax! Won't go back soon. Advised the manager but he just offered that they were \"short handed\". 2 stars only because I was really hungry.
Decent place to eat if you want to support local business. The shredded beef enchilada was better than I expected. The club sandwich wasn't bad either. The roast beef sandwich was ok too. I enjoyed the bowl of chili. The Space Age restaurant is reasonably priced too.
I would NEVER stay here lol .... but the slot machines ROCK!!! They paid the most out of any of the casinos I visited. The buffet was also pretty yummy.
This place is great! I hate going to the dentist but they make it very comfortable - the staff is terrific, organized and the establishment is very clean, (and tastefully decorated!).
I highly recommend this firm, both Richard and Narrah Newark were always available to answer my questions, even after my Bankruptcy had been discharged. For anyone who doesn't know how this process works I would highly recommend their services, they walk you through the whole process and they make it very easy to understand.
I normally order delivery for lunch with no issues. However today, my meal was around $9 bucks.... I gave the delivery guy $20 and got $3 bucks back... Umm..\n\n\nTip? Dine in or Go to Skinny Fats down the street
Best best Thai I've found in charlotte. The atmosphere is welcoming and friendly. And the food very flavor filled. Order #32 with a fried egg added and you cannot go wrong.
The concept is awesome, the service is pleasant, the pricing is reasonable, and the product is not too shabby.  \n\nBut I wasn't so impressed by the food that I will make a special trip.  Yes, tasty, but not blow your-socks-off tasty.
These guys did a great job when I hired them to take my wife and her friend to and from the airport. Stopped them off for pics at the LV sign and the liquor store- cant ask for much more than that!
Solid hotel.  The SkyLoft suites were pretty darn impressive.
Always great service and excellent food! I order Thai food often and unfortunately I'm not always in town to get Thai Chili and it is by far the best I've had. I get the beef and fried rice, number 3 spicy... and for dessert I get the fried bananas with coconut ice cream.
I've gone here a bunch of times and really enjoy the food. The prices are good and the portions are huge. Staff is friendly and the food comes out quick. I'm partial to the orange chicken myself, which I think is one of the best for American-Chinese food.
Another good meal we stop in every we go to Vegas. The food is above average and the service is always right on top of things. Not the best wine but after a glass or two it is good (all you can drink). Stop in they never disapoint.
Inexpensive and delicious!!  Enough said.\n\nIf you don't go here, you will be missing out on a hidden gem.\n\nhttps://www.facebook.com/noodleandriceaz
We went in on a $2.00 Tuesday's. Everything was sticky, and the food was sub par. The cheese curds were our favorites - and we ordered some slices. So cheep diner food, with the sports theme going.
It was ok.  I was hoping for better service and few more choices on the menu.
BAD! food is bad; drink is acceptable......go there only because they open til midnight.
Horrible Customer Service!  No smiles, no personality, they called me \"You\" the entire time I was there.  Very Bad
The guy behind the counter was great! but the pizza was not.. sorry NYPD but you've got some work to do
I am the Mayor of La Barquita.\nBow down.
This has got to be one of the most underrated shows in Las Vegas. Veronic had us laughing and in awe of her talent throughout her high-energy show. \n\nA must see that you'll want your friends to see too.
Bcn has locations in Henderson and southwest. I attend both meetings on a regular basis to meet other business owners. We get breakfast, meet 20-40 people each meeting, and also get useful business training, all for 10 dollars. If you are looking for access to local businesses and referrals, stop by and meet a nice group of people.
My favorite steak house chain and I have experienced them all.  As I travel around the country, I always check out the local high end steak place.  This is as good as it gets.  Hedonistic.  Tammy at the bar is a true service excellence professional.  Highly recommend.
Food quality and service is progressively getting worse. They used to use cashews in their salads and now it's peanuts. They are also very unorganized and inefficient with their food orders.
Totally will not go there again. The woman and the waiters are so rude. We came first and waited in the line, but the woman asked a white guy behind us to have a seat first. And the waiter lied when he saw his boss. What a Fxxk dogs and bxxxch!
WOW amazing good deals. PRIME RIB DINNER ONLY $10.00 AND breakfast for only $2.00. This restaurant is a must have. I love the neon raninbow filled carpet and lighting.  YOU HAVE TO GO HERE YOU WONT BE DISAPPOINTED
So now that I've been here multiple times, I must say that the rude worker was probably having an off day. Every time I've been in here everyone has been super helpful, it's always clean & everyone is friendly. LOVE TJ's!!
Food is eatable at most. Does not taste bad, not really that great either. I just have one suggestion for the staff: if you are not sure if someone need plastic fork/spoon for their take out, ask!! Don't just give people food without any tool to eat.
Wow; other reviews seem to say opposite, but my family was treated like royalty and we weren't even staying there. Great food, friendly, fast courteous service and simply a great time for Sunday breakfast at their Grand Cafe for a reasonable price.
Birthday party. 30 people. Buffet style.\nI wouldn't go there again, but it was nice enough for that night. \nFood wasn't spectacular, and there wasn't any sort of view.\nI guess it's a great place for a party, though.
The vacuuming was lazy, but the wash was good. My issue is that my GPS unit was missing from my glove compartment the next day. Hmmmm.... It was just a bottom line Garmin, but seriously?!!
Holy cow! This is the largest bowling alley I've ever bowled at! 70 lanes. I had my bowling tournament here. I practiced Friday night at 1:30 in the morning(open 24 hrs!) for only $3.75 a game. The place was clean and bright.
Three of us had lunch. We ordered fried calamari, shrimp tempura rolls, and crab rolls. Our hostess was pleasant, attentive, and prompt. We gave good for calamari, but sushi chef needed to improve the rolls. We gave below average on the rolls. We may like to try other stuff later.
The Double Double is just the Best Best burger in the universe.
The food and beer are delicious at this restaurant in north Scottsdale. It's a great Father's Day outing!
Kind of average pizza and wings but not a bad place to go to watch a little basketball and eat a slice. The garlic knots look pretty solid though, will def give those a try.
Great dive bar.  $10 Fridays are the best.  The best part may be that they don't seem to care if you play games of drink like speed quarters at tables.
Awesome little spot in a great shopping center!  This place has tons of hidden treasures.  Make sure you have some time to spend here because it takes some searching, but there is a lot of really great music here!
Zabas is ok but I cant stop comparing it to Chipolte. Although the fish tacos are top notch I prefer Chiptole.
I would rate vin santo at 2.5 stars for food and 4 stars for service. I guess I'm used to great Italian fare in San francisco, but the food at Vin Santo didnt quite cut it for me both times I've eaten here. The portions are large, but taste doesnt cut it for me.
Amazing food, wonderful staff and good atmosphere. Loved the wine selection (even though I'm mostly a beer gal). The food was perfect. Totally recommend for a date night and can't wait to go again. It's family style with the sides and the protein choices are made for even the pickest eaters.
Very good food. Very good service. Very high prices to the point of the cost being higher than what you get. Only go here if you have been a winner gambling and your looking for a way to blow your winnings.
This location is okay. The falafel sandwich was nothing amazing but it was filling and a bit too pricy. Their gyros are what you come for with this place. The baklava was very chewy and greasy too, very disappointing. Gyro time seems like a one trick pony.
Food was so yummy! We are definitely going back! From the entrees to dessert, every dish was delicious. Okra was cooked and seasoned so well!
Wonderful breakfast caf\u00e9! My family and I come every Sunday! Great food, staff, and service!
Poor service by the wait staff is my biggest complaint. We were there at 5:00 (and it wasn't busy yet), and it took probably 15 minutes to place our order. \n\nFinally, $16.95 for a fish fry. Yowzers!
Is aiight. Good selection on snacks. The fresh donuts are the bomb. Price of gas is average. Blunts are fresh.
Very knowledgeable and accommodating staff. Ample selection. Quality products and a great shopping experience, too. I prefer this location for the layout of the store. Well done Fascinations!
Awesome pizza good service a place I would go to in my neighborhood.\nThey deliver too.  this is real pizza im from brookly and I know pizza.  GET REALY PIZZA HERE
I've tried just about everything Rubios has to offer. I have liked everything, but my favorite is the fish taco. The service is good, but the tacos, mmmmboy!
The best lunch stop in the hipster district of downtown Phoenix. I haven't tried any of the carne-phobic choices but Verde definitely packs plenty of protein with their red chili beef, green chili pork and lime chicken.
Good place, usually pretty crowded. Im not as huge a fan as some people but I would recommend it. I've had both the burger and sushi offerings and enjoyed myself each time.
They no longer have a liquor license. As of 3/7/12! :(
Always a fun place to go to for a pizza cookie, salad, pizza, etc. Friendly service too.
the service was lousy. i have had better service before at the one at arrowhead mall. my daughter spilled her drink and they gave her an apron to clean herself? they left the soda on the floor so we had to step on it the whole time. what?
I've been here many times and I've loved it every time! The food is fresh and MSG free and the prices are reasonable. The service is fast and super friendly! I enjoy going to this restaurant and will continue to go here when I'm in the mood for pho.
Tuna Poke is great. Love this joint.
The drinks are the best although be prepared to wait. Wish they came up with a better system or spent less time talking and just gave you your drinks.. Don't go if your in a hurry!
The BEST fried pickles EVER! made fresh daily. Fabulous service.  Fresh ingredients. Husband really liked his burger. Families, couples, people of all ages were there. We'll be regulars for now on.
Had high hopes. Lots of children and grandparents, people in very casual wear. Hotel made the reservation, yet we were still seated next to a bussing station. Good for tourists and families with small children, but if you are two adults wanting a nice meal, check Yelp for other suggestions.
Sammy G!!!! Best service eveeeeeeerrrrrrrr!  Great atmosphere, better food, and the friendliest people. Also, the cocktail list never fails and nor do the daily vegetables.  See you all again soon :-)
Our go to dinner spot when me & my bf are at town square. They always have great service and are pretty quick. Great if you have kids or a lunch date.
Love this place.. First time in and not the last.. Hole in the wall joint.. Great atmosphere and environment for having fun.. They have an excellent playlist..
Beautiful interior, high quality dishes and  great service. Definitely a place to take your girlfriend if you want to wow her! Dont forget to enjoy the amazing view of the strip :)
One of the better shopping malls in the valley, though parking can be frustrating at times.  There are far more of the atypical shops here than in other malls, especially higher end jewerly (watches), department stores, and home essentials.  Decent restaurant selection is here as well.
Reliably good food at reasonable prices - for the Scottsdale area.  In other towns it would be the five-star out-standing restaurant.  The food is California-American. My salmon dinner was nicely prepared and presented; service was excellent for a busy Saturday evening.
This gym is very clean and well maintained. They manage to fit a good amount of machines in a small space without having it feel cramped. It also doesn't seem to get crowded.
Staff isn't very friendly at all, they all have attitudes that make us not order from here as often as we would if they were more inviting. \n\nHowever the pizza is incredible. The steak and blue is the best thing since sliced bread.
I visited this location for the first time last week. It's cramped because its \"under construction\". Go to the PV Mall location its much better.
Marathon's is a expensive restaurant compared to casa grecque. The food is good but not worth the price. The restaurant was packed and I was elbow to elbow with the guy at the next table.\n\nThe service was slow, and the waiter gave me the wrong dish which was for the other table...
My wife and i have been to this buffet a couple times and we havent had a bad experience the sushi is pretty tasty and fresh and they also have variety of other foods more towards sea food like filets of fish and it also has an amazing chocolate fondue for desert =)
I've been taking classes at Core Balance for about 2 years now and I think it's by far the most superior spin studio in Phoenix. Aside from the awesome bikes which provide the ultimate full body, carido workout, the staff is incredible, helpful and always friendly. I'm a huge fan!!!!
One of the most bland Mexican meals I have ever had. Great menu. Nice staff, but my family had 4 different dishes and we all agreed it was never worth returning to.
They don't have any vegan options, they have one soup and i'm sure you could eat a salad. I would really like it if they could provide some more options, the employees don't seem to know what is and isn't vegan on their menu either.
I'm really happy to see delicious Thai and the wonderful wines that complement it together in one place. Great Thai, but more impressive is the small wine list of German, Austrian and French white wines that pair so well with the spiciness and complexity of Thai cuisine. Well done
Fantastic happy hour! Cheap beers and appz.. can't go wrong with a tall stella and some boneless honey bbq wings!
Great food. Horrible service.  The hostess is unfriendly and tonight we had the worst waiter.  I will be back but only for the food.
Love this place! The pho is the best in the Valley. But I have tried appetizers and dinner entrees that weren't my favorites. Stick with the pho and you can't go wrong!
I really dont understand what all the hype is about reagarding this buffet.  I found the wait times to be long and although the food is good quality the selection was lacking. All in all this is still an above average buffet and the price reflects it.
Awesome produce at great prices. Their produce guy even treated me to samples of a white peach and pluot -- just took his knife and cut a slice of each for me. Talk about customer service! Also love their bulk granola and good selection of beauty products.
I have been coming here for awhile! This place recently changed their menu and it is amazing! The farm out omelette and breakfast tacos are my favs. They also have a full bar, which for a breakfast place is pretty amazing!
This gulf course is not the nicest. Just sayin. There are lots of cute bunnies around here. Also the way the course is laid out is a maze but once you've been around a couple times you get the hang of it.
The rudest bartender in Phoenix! Will not be back!  Went for Monday night football and he didn't have the sound on because he was too busy.  What? It's a \"sports bar\" what a jerk
Would have like to get a slice but this turdhole doesn't make pizza's after 7pm. Man I am in Phoenix old people don't eat after 6pm so the airport restaurants close down
Such friendly folks!  Helpful, knowledgable and the special events are a blast!
This location was awful. The building is brand new,  but the staff is the same garbage staff from across the street location.  The server was hardly around, the food took 45 minutes from time of order.  I would stay away from this craziest.
Steak frites. Seriously to die for. I could live with not having the steak again but the fries were mind blowing. Friendly staff and tasty cocktails.
Bad service from the hostess. She was rude and not friendly at all. Good food though.
Good chicken tiki masala and garlic naan.  Big portions and nice staff
Best Sushi I have ever had. Absolutely amazing. And the rolls are just huge. Largest rolls I have found at any Sushi restaurant. The Gila Monster and Poison Ivy rolls are just to die for.  If you are looking for sushi in the west valley, they cannot be beat.
small limited very reasonably priced friendly employees unique speciality items but not intended for your complete shopping needs this location is steady busy with lots of parking
The Dusqune (or however you spell it) incline was way prettier. This one was just meh.
Total scammers! If you get a coupon from these folks they won't do the service for that price and will \"have to\" charge you more. Bait and switch. Do not go here. Find someone reputable.
Very poor.  Bavarian cream tasted like old oil. Cinnamon roll was ok.  3.25 for two items is way too high.
Owners are not friendly at all. the food is ok but haji babas is much better and the prices are MUCH better. The Phoenicia is way too overpriced just for the convenience of being close to asu. ridiculous
There isn't a better Japanese Restaurant in town!
In the above review I said \" limited\" way too much #observation
fantastic mac and cheese\naffordable prices\ngreat mussels for a Midwestern locale\nsmall and cramped, but quaint local place in a cute neighborhood
Food was very good for a sleepy little AZ town, this was impressive.  The salsa tasted extremely fresh and my wife said she wanted to get chips and salsa to go for a snack on our trip to Vegas.
Beer n cheese dip. Fried sausage. $6 each happy hour 2-5
Bought lunch groupon with a free bottle of wine. Was very disappointed. Food was OK, not too many option. The wine was the worst wine I've ever had. We threw ours away, I notice others didn't drink it either.
I try not to eat at chains when I'm traveling, but since I have never eaten here I decided to give it a go. I had a burger with to-die-for fries. The server was very friendly and attentive, the food good and the atmosphere pleasant.
Food took forever and thats for a duck burger , very salty patty i couldn't finish it because of the salt taste, fries tasted less salty than the burger. Fries were ok not great. I was really disappointed.
Best pancakes I've ever had in my life.
If you go on some kind of comp or half off special, it's ok. If they expect to get their menu asking price they better train their staff accordingly and step up their food quality.\n\nMy advice is go upstairs to Veloce Cibo for better food and amazing view for about the same money.
Harry's is a hidden jewel in the Ayrsley Town Center .  Wonderful setting...Great food..  Perfect for me in that its walking distance....
Service was slow and the bagel sandwhiches were lacking.  Plus they did not have any of the special that they were advertising.
Five Guys is a chain-franchise masquerading as a local burger joint. Their burgers are all right but overpriced and greasy
no......just no!
I was impressed with the haircut.\nAsk for Cody, and he will take care of the rest.\nIt was nice chatting with him as well.
Wow. Worst customer service ever encountered. Maybe it's policy, maybe it's laziness. Either way, Pizza Hut off the map for me.
Why won't they just give you a price on a car; instead you are invited for a game of four squares.  Really?! Welcome to 1987. Buyers, have time to kill- then this is your place!
I had a side of chicken shwarma it was amazing with their garlic sauce I did not have any of the vegetables or hummus
The food was so good! And they have all you can eat macarons.
Hostees was so rude at the door I didn't even sit down.   I would not recommend their service
DO NOT BOOK THROUGH Jet Luxury for the Vdara. Plus when I complained about something & then told it would be taken care of- it WAS NOT!! So never again will I stay at the Vdara, and I will spread the word!!!
It would be nice to get a friendly greeting or any verbal interaction with the folks at the front desk when you arrive.
Great place to golf - really friendly staff - and the cart girls put up with some serious drunk dudes in our group - good times would be happy to spray balls all over this course again anytime,  ....who is BK anyway?
The chicken comes in huge proportion compared to the price! please do check it out with an empty stomach.
This used to be one of the top spots in Las Vegas but It turned to a so-so restaurant. \nThe last time I ate here(2008) the steak was dry and not tender. Not to return for quite a while.
3.5 stars. I would go back for the mussels, the wine and the vanilla souffle. We also had the duck and although the meat was good, I didn't like the flavor of the risotto.
Nothing fancy but they have friendly staff and good parking! We don't bowl very often but every time we do we come here and have a great time.
Decent food, service in The resaraunt area is HORRIBLE!  To top that off I can hear the Chef in back playing Eminem over the music at our table.  Normally I wouldn't mind but I have my 4 year old with NE and it's realllllly inappropriate.
So the last couple reviews I've done have been kind of negative. So, I've decided to keep this one positive.\n\nThey have a really nice patio! That is all.
Savory crepe selection was tiny and my smoothie ended up being a slushie. Better crepes elsewhere.
Cocolini's is conveniently located inside The Venetian Hotel and Casino! It's delicious, has clean presentation to their gelato, has a simple decor to their business, there is no long wait, and has decent pricing for their quality. Customer service, however, needs a little work to attract more consumers to purchase their product.
great sandwiches however it ses to always take 1.5 or 2 of them to fill me up. so it becomes a tad pricey. However of you are just here for the taste or is easily satisfied then it's a great place tot go with friends. only downside is probably the long lines.
DON'T EAT HERE. My regular size gelato with 2 flavors cost $14 DOLLARS. Are you kidding me? DON'T EAT HERE.
This location is very peaceful when I come here. I like shopping here after hours and I feel safe.
I wasn't really impressed with this place.  Food was just okay.  The tables are way too close together.  Overpriced too.  The waiter lit off an entree and a piece of flame fell on the floor and he kicked it underneath an adjacent table.  I hope nobody had their purse on the floor!
I am from Chicago and I have to say WCD has the best Italian beef sandwich I have ever had in Arizona! The Chicago dog was excellent as.well. Nice setting a little hard to find as it sits in the middle of a park (Gateway in El Mirage) and there is little signage on the road but great all the same.
Service was horrible! There were tours going on and we had a 20 minutes to get my food order!  Food is usually good here. The manager was very kind.
Good food. Good drinks. Too bad there's always a long wait for fish on Friday. Their fish and chips are both very good, either fried or broiled. Love their fried mushrooms!
Hot and lovely. Long line and unfriendly door staff.
I would give 4 stars but I feel there prices are too high. \nI agree that roasted garlic ranch is like liquid crack. \nThe chicken was juicy and well seasoned! \nOverall enjoyable
Good friend of mine eats there regularly and took me there once while I was in Vegas. The food is good. It's a good place for someone new to Filipino food. The chicken adobo is what I usually get and is great for someone starting out with this cuisine.
Nice place with really good food.\nI had the daily fish special which was Alaskan Halibut that was delicious.\nMy friend ordered the rib eye which looked amazing.\n\nLocation seems a bit strange but convenient to drive to.\n\nWill definitely go back.
the mini cupcakes are great for sharing!\n\nthe sandwiches are delicious and make for two meals!
Good food for a good price. The ribs are highly recommended.
They have quick reliable delivery. Never had a mistake with my order. The bbq chips are amazing! \n\nOf the sandwiches I've tried they are pretty standard, nothing to special, but when you are too lazy to drive and have no food at home you can count of jimmy johns to bring you some food!
The smokiness of real wood they use for grilling gives the food an intense natural distinct flavor! These guys know their job! Ming Ming rocks!
Dive gay bar (not typical) but surprisingly it works. People don't have an attitude and you can go 24 hours a day.
I stayed here on my road trip from San Francisco to San Antonio,TX. Definitely wont suggest it. for $5 - $10 more you can find a better place. There was roaches everywhere, shower curtain looked like haven't been changed or cleaned for years and moldy, shower was clogged with hair.
I decided to surprise my wife for her birthday with dinner and a show! The decor and atmosphere is a nice mix of classic pub and modern bar. The place settings and seating had a classic feel. Everyone at our table was very pleased with their food and the service was excellent. They even gave my wife a dessert for her birthday which was awesome.
Typical spa with a Hawaiian flare. Nice set up with lockers, robes and slippers. My massage was great but perhaps a little too much oil.  I would go back.
Fantastic.  I had 2 tacos, Waygu Brisket, and a Ribs.  Fantastic flavor and good value for the price
This place is great, casual outdoor seating.  Had the Rancher Tips and they were great
Best medical office I've ever been to i the Valley. I cannot praise Dr. Suedekum enough, she is simply amazing. I have a hard time paying the admin fee but they work with you. The personal service and attention they offer is worth the admin fee alone. I highly recommend becoming a patient of this great practice.
It has finally been put out of its misery.  \nRalph's is closed.\nThere's an urgent care there now.
Had the special 2 slices and med drink under $5. Great deal great pizza !!
Still Pittsburgh's best locally owned flower shop.  I stopped in here today to get a little something for the house.  I bought a very nice Make a Wish bouquet, just to brighten things up a little bit.
This place just falls into that \"it's oky if I gain the weight because it was that good category\" . They have wide selection and many different varieties. You can not go wrong here!
Lived within a block of here for three years and by far my favorite place to go and grab a take out dinner that I knew would be amazing.  A must try! Everything I have had here has been delicious so you can't go wrong.
Typical of most Chipotles, but they have the most efficient lunch operation I've seen. The place was almost full when I went in and the line was 15 deep, but it moved steadily and the preparers behind the bar were on the ball - and actually not rude, even though they were obviously slammed. Well done.
This place lives on its reputation as a Steelers bar alone.  Ordered the Primanti's Brothers knock-off.  Looked and tasted like Wonder Bread Texas Toast and Steak-ums.  The service was even worse.  I won't be back.
Nice decor, great service, price was right. Best hummus I've had in long time.  However, Greek salad too dry and little fete cheese. Gyros dry with very little sauce, but more was bought upon request.
I may be biased since I'm not a huge fan of Vegas, but this airport is obnoxious, slow, and inefficient. I avoid it whenever possible.
I appreciate the education I'm getting at such a good price. The classes are challenging in a good way.\nIf only we would become more acclaimed by the time I graduate that'd be great!
I absolutely love this place! Really nice and well worth the price for the service. Elaine is such a doll and her establishment is wonderful. The one and only nail salon I'll go too even if I have to travel across town; which I do. :D
Used to love this place.\n\nBut i don't go anymore since they raised their prices...in some cases as much as 25%.\n\nIgnore any review that says the burger is $3.99. It's $4.99 now.
Guacamole was delicious!!!!' we went for happy hour and had chicken quesadillas, filet tacos, and Carlsbad brochettes! They were all delicious only down fall I found a hair  :/ kind of gross
The fries were solid as usually, but I thought that my mcnuggets tasted a little off and underdone.  They weren't as crispy as they should've been.
Amazing sushi with an excellent and truly unique atmosphere. Perfect for a romantic get-away.
Top 3 burger I've had which isn't even fair because i can't name the other 2... Had the rising sun burger. Incredible. Don't need to write you a book to say how great the burgers are here. Get off yelp and go!
Why only one person working every time... Avoid this place unless you have at least 30 minutes to spare
Bought many items from them and every time I was treated with the highest respect. I had one issue with my dining room chairs and they fixed it right away without a problem. Will be buying from them again soon. Items are high quality and they stand behind what they sell.
Crazy Shotz was the life of the party! The props are hysterical and made for some ...um ... interesting captures. Great way to practice photo-bombing! Every party should have Crazy Shotz Photo Booth - great fun AND memories!
Pretty sad to be called a BBQ place. Brisket looked like baby food. Do not recommend and the wait staff both times I have been there were horrible
Nothing Epic... I've had better from this location in the past. (4 yrs ago)\nTook 40 minutes to get a mediocre pepperoni mushroom pizza deliverd for $16 + tip.
So good. Been there a bunch of times and Everything that I've ordered from here tasted awesome! I do however wanna try their desserts, they looks delicious but I'm usually too full to try them.
Just stopped in by chance, it was close to the hotel.  Great sports bar, lots of tv's, even outside.  Good service, fish and chips were Awesome! Very large place, easy to get seated, people very friendly....
The best Italian delivery! Large portions and always good. Super fast delivery and staff excellent at handling orders. Salads are fresh. Which is hard to find in a restaurant that delivers.
I'm going to make this short and sweet. \n\nNot impressed.
This was everything the other reviews said just don't go thinking you will see anyone. Just cool cars and as usual over priced shirts and stuff . If you like the show it is a good stop but keep your hopes low so you will not be disappointed .
Small plates not so much..  Order one or two plates less as the portion size is huge!  Food is ok.
Great atmosphere. Good food...not the best I've ever had, but I'd certainly go again. Amazing atmosphere, at least on weds jazz night.
Best sushi I have had in a long time, and great prices!
Love this store!  Very fun found items and love the new addition!
I've been to this place twice. The first time my brother got food poisoning; the second time, my dad and I got food poisoning. I really enjoyed the food, but my stomach didn't agree. Maybe it was cooked wrong or the sea food was bad, either way I won't be coming back again.
20 minutes at our reserved table without so much as a glance from anyone, much less a glass of water. Left and went to Flemings.
If you've stayed at a couple Hyatt Place hotels, you know they are all pretty much the same.  This one is just a little bit better.  The pool is trippy with it's color changing lights, and more bar room with a couple TVs.
This is one of the worst places. Really I can't believe that they expect people to pay for this stuf they serve as food. We ordered fajitas & were served scraps of meat. Also, for a Mexican food restaurant to serve guacamole from a package is a bad sign.
The sushi is very good. The fact that it usually is 40%-50% off is such a bonus. The quality is good. The specialty rolls are very good and I recommend the salmon salad. The service isn't the best and sometimes it is a little dirty, but overall it is great for the price.
I'm not sure what the negative reviews are all about. I've eaten here several times and the food and staff have all been excellent. The central location is convenient and the breakfast is a better quality for the same price as other places. Just my two cents...
Its alright.... delivery is cool. Foods been pretty good. Cons... menus always down online.
My experiences here are always a little weird, but the food is great and I love the patio. :)
I had written a review that basically stated reasons why I wasn't so fond of this place but someone from the place had contacted me kindly and prompt. I am certain it may have been a not so good experience just that day. Their eggs benedict is great and they have wonderful staff.
Chips are thin. Food is expensive and not much. Asked for no tomato, onions, mushrooms- got tomato and peppers( not listed on menu) won't return. Husband complained of not many fixings. On to another restaurant
The sauce here is what makes the pizza pretty good; the service is whatever and their gyros are so-so.  Their \"pick-up special\" is great so if you don't want to spend a lot of money, give that a try.
Service is slow and taste is inconsistent... They're always crowded and have a hard time finding my order...
Awesome sub - can't truthfully say it was the best sub ever but it definitely satisfies and I really like how you can personalize it and how quick they turn around your order.  Some of best sub bread I've ever had.  Beats Primatti Brothers hands down!
This place had the best Sushi bar I have ever seen at a buffet the help was friendly and the food was piping hot. Nice atmosphere too! This was opening day and they had a couple bugs to work out so I'd like to come back soon and see how there doing!
Do not go to this location. Against my better judgement I ignored the prior bad reviews hoping I would have a better experience (since this location is the closest one to me). Nope. Got home to find my 8 piece half extra crispy/half grilled dark meat only was half grilled/half original with both white and dark meat.
I have been trying to find the best bagel in AZ for a while now and my search is over!!  \n\nBagels are always fresh. \n\nEmployees are friendly and accomodating.
One of my absolut favorites for lunch - sit outside and enjoy an extraordinary cocktail:)
Effing HILARIOUS!!!! Totally raunchy and did I mention HILARIOUS!! Need I say more??
Horrible uncomfortable chairs, no music, bad service. I only came to meet up for drinks and we all decided on a scale of one to ten, this place is a 4. Not impressed nor will keep this on my radar
Rude/arrogant staff: John (Johnny)\nShould be helpful of new comers that are just learning to admire this beautiful past time. \nInstead abrupt, arrogant personalities are abound in this overly priced location!
The service......amazing!\nThe food...........mediocre.\nThe atmosphere....beautiful!\n1-10 scale i would give it a 6 mainly because of the awesome service.
Food was extremely disappointing! The \"prime cut\" steak although not overcooked was the toughest steak I have ever tried. Service was not the best either,
Great Service all the time - ask for Sherry - she is the best.  Food is always good.  Soup is to die for.  Everything comes out hot and taste great.  Great hold in the wall.  Try it you would be sorry.
Awesome happy hour!  Hard to find a table though because it's so popular!\n\nThe BBQ chicken pizza is $6 and is a full pizza that is very filling for two people. The calamari and California rolls are above average!!
This place is tiny and adorable and I love going there.\nThe food is really good, but always a little bit sweet for my taste. Even the naan tasted sweet once. But I still love it...
2 times I have eaten here since new managment and both times I ended up with Food Poisoning.   I spoke to the manager and she was not very concerned.  They changed their menu and Cooks and now I avoid this place like the plague
Yep, they have wings... Their flavors are bland, the meat was dry, the fries were OK. I probably won't go back because there are so many other wing places that are better.
One of my favorite bbq places in Charlotte.  The pulled pork is great...
This is not the place you go for a greasy breakfast . It's the organicfreerangelocallygrownsustainable kind of place, sort of. It was good and not expensive and the service was efficient. Definetly a locals place off the strip.
This is my go-to spot for brunch. Tastey, fresh mimosa's and eggs benedict made to perfection. It is obviously a popular establishment as it is fully booked every time I have been there!
Pretty much what it says on a tin. Connect to the city and provides facilities to board and disembark commercial flights. Some (expensive) shops. Some (expensive) caf\u00e9s. It's a transient place, but a nice one.
I love this place, the bartender Stephanie is awesome! never had a bad meal or service here. also great happy hour specials.
I am giving 1 star because no option for zero ... I got 5 products from this store ... Out of 5, 3 of them are expired .... Went back for return, the staff is so harsh and they wont take back .... Poor poor indian attitude ....
Do not go to Francis & Son Car Wash they did very poor job on car wash
Great service & value! Jeff was very welcoming and I could tell he really appreciates his customers business. I didn't feel like I was taken advantage of, like most car shops do. I like how they explained everything they were doing to your car. I highly recommend this place to anyone seeking a break job or other car repair!
I go for the Orange Blossom beer from local Papago brewery & Iove ALL their pizzas I've ever had here.  Anything Pesto is delish
Like other posts...you get what you pay for...best part was the beer.  Prayed i wouldn't get food poisoning.
This place was ok... we stayed there when it was first built, but it was just too far off the strip for us. Look at a map before you book. You live and you learn...
This bar sucks. The bartender \"Padilla\" does not know The meaning of customer service. I feel like everyone that works here does not want to be here. They're food is okay but from customer service I would not want to come here again.
Roy and Bonnie P\nWow!!!   What a great place.  Alex is so friendly.  He listens, he asks questions and gets the job done right.  Our little Snuggles never looked better.  This place is so different from our previous groomer.  You must check this place out.
Fast, friendly, but flavorless. Beef and broccoli was tender but had the flavor of water
This was my spot several years ago. Just came back, and it hasn't changed a bit. It's my go to dive bar to play some pool, drink some beer, and play some music. It's full of some interesting characters.
Updating, since \"America\" went above and beyond to resolve my customer service issue of not receiving the 10 percent locals discount, I am happy to revise my rating.\nAlways good to see a business respond so positively regarding customer satisfaction.
Enjoyed every aspect, menu has lots of great seafood choices, service was good from arrival to check, food was delicious- we will return
Dim Sum at Mekong is amazing. I love this place! It is a cheap place to feed your friends and family.  We used to go to Phoenix Palace, but I think we've decided that our favorite Dim Sum is at Mekong.  I would recommend it to ANYONE!
One word.  Yuck!
This review is for the South Park location.  \n\nI love this place.  Love the duck (breast and confit), bbq chicken, pan fried corn, scalloped potatoe side, etc., etc.
This company has moved but never changed their address on their website.  Their new address is 3131 E. Camelback Road, Suite 200, Phoenix, AZ  85016. Their phone number is 602-508-1883.  They are located at 32nd Street and Camelback.
Everything we ordered including various small appetizers, salad, soup, and dessert were all absolutely delicious and our waiter was amazing! Would recommend this place and will return on our next visit
My husband and I have been here a million times (ok, maybe not). We have ordered many different items including pho, noodle bowls, spring rolls, fried rice and even flan and mango ice cream for dessert. Everything we have ordered has been good. I highly recommend the mango ice cream!
A lot of the best people I know went to this college.
Not a bad palce.
I was let down when I arrived for dinner here. My fish patties were over-cooked. When my dinner finally arrived the black beans were cold and the rice was hard and cold, and the chicken that came with my meal was not that great either. When I got home I had to use the bathroom immediately.
Watch it people!. Do not eat fish there!. I got the WORST food poisoning in my life at that place. Projectile vomiting among other things is really better not to mention. So disappointed that in such quality restaurant they are not more careful handling their food items in a better way, considering the prices.
Came in here for a quick snack while shopping. Service was slow and the food took a while even at the bar. Got some riceless hand rolls, but the fish was just ok. I've had better sushi in Vegas.
Excellent! Recently moved to Phoenix from Philadelphia. I can't remember tasting anything this delicious before and that says a lot coming from an area robust in Asian cuisine. I picked up the family tofu, beef buns, and pork dumplings. All amazing.
Let me start by saying I prefer lounges to dance clubs. It was a very nice view for sure but too loud for me! We were asked to leave b/c one person in our group was wearing flip-flops. It was ok, I wasn't that upset we had to leave.
I went here once or twice never again will i go the beans were not good they were cold felt.sick.after.i ate....
Great selection, satisfies all tastes. Service was attentive and friendly.
I was disappointed when they gave me the sale price for my return on a known defective item that they put on sale since it was defective (Wallflower Night Light).  In these cases when it is known to be defective, they should exchange at full price.
My friends and I come here all the time!  We recommend the gyros, chicken gyros, steak shwarma, falafel and any salad!  Always friendly, and always busy.  YUM!
Very good. First time here. I got a gyro. I like the concept. Kind of like chipotle for Mediterranean food. The gyro I got was huge as well. Lots of meat and toppings. Well worth it.
Less than helpful employees, but good prices. If you are the type to do the research on your own then you are okay, if you like to speak with someone, good luck.
Jimmy John's never disappoints! It's always so fresh and so delicious!
Nice music, the burger was tasty, cooked just right. The crown and diet coke was priced very reasonably and made with ample supply of alcohol. I will definitely go back...soon.
Such a fun place to go and eat. I hardly come to Tempe but after coming here for the first time, I plan on going back. Great food, service was excellent and the VIEW is amazing (From the patio).
Food was pretty good. My smash fries didn't have much on them, tasted almost like reg fries. And the girl who brought us our food was rude when my girlfriend asked for more mayo.
I think there was no planning when this airport was built. No sense of direction on where to go and its like it takes forever to get to the bagage claim. It's just plain ugly.
I don't understand low ratings for a chick-fil-a. They make the same thing everywhere and it's consistantly the same and good. Love it. Never had stale food or unfriendly service.
How this place has managed to stay open so long is an eternal mystery to me!  The food has always been mediocre.  The service was not even that good.  But somehow it endures.  Guess that explains how Dubya got reelected!
Sushi was not anything special.  Viva Las Vegas roll and Rainbow roll seemed skimpy.  Wings were soggy.  Happy Hour Drinks pricing was good, frozen drink of the day was very good.  Next time out for sushi will choose another place.
Rude people work for this airline and the planes are old and seats really tight. One of the worst in the US. In line with other awful airlines like united or American. If u can, fly virgin
Good pizza for the price! Very cheese and the sauce is yummy too! Order at the counter then wait for the pizza to arrive, very gags and easy! Great place to eat before a movie at ultra star.
Stopped here for a few drinks with the girls after dinner.  The bartender was super nice and attentive.  The atmosphere was great.  It was tough to find parking on a Saturday night - although they do have valet for $10.  However, I was happy to see that downtown Pgh was busy, so I didn't mind.
Awesome food if you order straight off the menu without any special instructions. This location is the smallest I've been to. It's elbow to elbow in there almost all the time. And it's LOUD.
Pork chops, curry soup, are tasty \n\nLo Mai Gai is good but has no lap cheung\n\nDofu pi juan is vegetarian
Good drip coffee. Bold.\nGood crepe. Big and filling.\nGreat scone.\nNice location.\nA bit spacey on the service.
The food kinda sucked. No flavor at all. The ceviche was decent.  Prolly tastes better when drunk, but c'mon you can't rely on drunk college kids to support crappy food. Never going back again
A bit expensive. Very unique. A great view. Roomy pods. Not scary. A great experience. That's all I've got.
Spoke to Steve on the phone while I was in Hawaii.  Gave me a quote over the phone for my daughter's vehicle in LV.  She took the vehilce the next day to get it tinted and she is very happy.  My son who was up their with her confirmed that service is great and the work done was awesome.
Neat, clean, organized. Great prices. Helpful staff. I have no complaints.
A solid buffet.
Very good chicken entree. They marinate the chicken and it is very flavorful and very moist. \n\nYou can have rice or salad with your order. Champagne dressing is very delicious. They offer a free fried tomato but I nerves get it because it is not my favorite.
Had a very romantic birthday dinner here last year... wonderful food and even better wine! A little crowded... and we had to wait 45 minutes after our reservation time for a seat... hence the 4 star, not the 5... Attentive wait staff. Would love to return again sometime!
Horrible customer service! Save yourself the trouble and just go to Lowe's down the street.
Best pizza in town! Family owned and operated. Try the wings.. With a hot works pizza.
Nutella latte and white chocolate mocha are killer. Also one of the best chai lattes I've had. A little long wait for food but over all I love this place. The patio is great and lattes are even better.
Not sure what the hype is all About, way overpriced and the pork chili was way to spicy , also was freezing cold inside, not a great dining experience
Food is good but not very exciting. The total experience is better than Hooter's.
Closed? I went over here hoping to play badminton but it was closed. Hoping to find out if you have moved somewhere else.
Cheesecake bites!!!! Still need more varieties of ice cream though, but what they currently have is still good, a lot of toppings to choose from as well
The staff are efficient, courteous, and friendly. Warning: Chicken Strips only has two choices of sauce (ranch and barbecue). Very Small Portion :( Comes with a Large Bill, must be due to recession, drought, gas prices, or pressure from upper management. \nStaff are hard working and very friendly!
no thank you!
The burgers & street tacos have a unique taste & style to them. Also, the french fries come in a assortment (waffle, straight, etc.). Mix that in with the Las Vegas atmosphere and its experience I wont forget.
This place makes me appreciate Jimmy Johns.  This place makes you feel like cattle being herded to the trough.  It's a Miracle they are still in business. You can get better sandwiches at Whole Foods or Jimmy Johns for a lower price!
Excellent food. Excellent service!
Stopped in again last night after dinner at Il Posto.  Still love it.  The new bartender, Russel, is great.  Russel offer some very personal service and took good care of us.  Good spot..check it out.
I always have trouble finding Chinese food places that are good in AZ! However, this place is sooo good, and reasonable priced!
The lighting is way too bright and our waitress wasn't amazing.  The Cowboy Maki roll is delicious, i suggest pairing it with ponzu sauce.  The steak roll is not good at all.  I love that they have mochi too.
Walked out. So slow. I have no idea why there is a line out the door with 5 people behind the counter. Oh I see, they prefer to socialize with one another than take care of their customers. Way to prioritize: SMH.
I been here at this location one time before and the service was so bad my wife did not want to eat any more. So we gave it another try because I live close by and did not want to drive far. We had the cajun chicken pasta it was like eating a TV dinner with bad service once again I will never go back
So far the best Mexican food I've had in Arizona, HANDS DOWN.\n\nI've lived in Arizona for 39 years.\n\nGo, go NOW.  Stop reading this and go, NOW.
I've only been there once but I'll defiantly being going back again. We ordered the satay, eggplant curry and pad Thai and everything was excellent; great taste and cooked perfectly. Nice chill atmosphere and comfortable space and outdoor donning area. Would recommend.
They were nice and fast but all of my shirts came back with a crease across the stomach that I couldn't iron out. I will not be returning.
I like this location betterthan boulder city location. Great deletion.  I wish they had more small size starter plants. Staff is very knowledgeable helpful and courteous.
Probably one of the fewest Japanese restaurants that are decent in AZ.  Nothing phenomenal but it is as good as it gets out here. The prices are good but the restaurant is tight and crowded when it's busy.  It's not a relaxing atmosphere for dinner. A great spot to eat out with friends.
Just give them a try. Make sure to get the house dressing on your sandwich because it ROCKS! I wish they would bottle it.
It was decent. Overpriced we thought. Got the Garlic Shrimp Pizza, burgers and Chimichanga at the table. Server was good.
Its not quite mexican and not quite Tex Mex. What it is, is cheap quality and ground beef in everything. Terrible lack of flavor, and deep frying galore. Rice and beans are bland, salads are just iceberg chopped lettuce. Vegas airport is yet to add descent food.
I got a very bad service from United Airlines on Feb 2014. Bad customer service, disorganized system, just very poor service overall. I wish someone would have warned me beforehand. I will never fly with United ever again. I would pay more to fly on a different Airline and you should as well. Not worth it!
This is a family tradition for me......... breakfast everytime I come home to visit the parents.  \nClassic midwestern diner, in the middle of the desert.\nLoved the corn beef hash.
The wait is usually pretty long,  but well worth it. My favorite dish is the lox and cream cheese scrammbler. If you're in the.Scottsdale area, Butters is a must go place for breakfast or brunch
Great food. Friendly. Flexible. I had the lamb and the special meatballs. Oh, and the spinach qorma. My brother made me try the chicken kebab. I'm not usually a fan of chicken. It was amazing. All very tasty!
Not bad for breakfast or lunch. One star for price three for the food.
Ok, this place has been around a long time, so I was expecting something great. The prices were very high for what you get. There was very little meat on my sandwich and it really wasn't very good. I won't go there again.
Ate here once for dinner and once for Sunday brunch.  The dinner was better than the brunch and the food overall was average, but both times service was excellent.  I'll probably come again since I usually stay in the Venezia Tower at the Venetian when I'm in Vegas and it's the closest restaurant.
Great value sub sandwiches!! Love going here with a sweet location.
eh.\n\nGo here once to say you did. You'll get a sandwich with soggy fries and coleslaw on it. It will be pretty huge. That is all.\n\nI might go back to check out the nightlife. I'll update my review then.
dr\u00f4le , \u00e9mouvant et super chanteur...un vrai moment de plaisir
Always a friendly place to pick up a bit of  morning nosh & my Blue Machine juice drink.  Relaxing atmosphere, great pastries, & salads.  Fairly good service and nice to have here in our neighborhood, World Famous Queen Creek!
I would make sure you check and double check if you are trying to make sure your insurance is in network.  I got stuck with a $100 bill due to this error.  I love when I have to pay for other peoples mistakes.
Pretty decent for lunch, and they have a great lunch deal.  I had the sandwich + soup/salad lunch combo.  The tomato soup was very flavorful and the sandwich was delicious.  They also have really nice outdoor seating.  This is sort of hidden behind Cafe Rumba.
These guys were polite & got my van power window fixed in one business day. Im pleased. Plus its a woman owned local biz, which i prefer to patronize whenever possible. I will use these folks again, and when i do, you can count on me to \n report on it!
Knowledge bartender on beer  who offered great choices to go with our meal.  The burgers were perfectly cooked and tasted great.  I would love to go there again!
If you wanted something that was healthy, you wouldn't be here. This may be the best burger in Madison, but even if it isn't, it's firmly among the first class. Eat local!
Spacious neat room.....No mini fridge!!! Plus, it's a bit of a hike to get to the room from the parking garage.
Commercial art. Fine for decorating.
Got a free coupon for free sub so we are trying it out.  I must say it's really good.  I'm having an Italian with no cheese and Big Mike is having the Steak and cheese.  I'm surprised with how yummy they are.  A must try for sure.  They also have salads witch is a plus.
Good food, great ambiance and service!! I had the short ribs and they were tender and falling off the bone moist n juicy!! Dessert was scrumptious and simply delish!! I plan on coming back and have recommended this place!
Ok Update..... They still run out of my favorite Bagels a lot but you know what? I find another one I also like. Nice people work here. Favorite bagel is the six-cheese!! Woo Hoo
Just as good ... as back home in Brooklyn!
Most confusing airport ever! I've been to quite a few airports and I've never seen an airport so difficult to navigate, that includes walking around inside and driving on the roads outside.  Just very poor signage.  Airport is nicely updated though...
Great for pizza & wings...hot, honey garlic wings are very good. Neighborhood fave for locals. Friendly staff. Great place to go watch a game.
Local watering hole.  Very friendly.atmosphere.  Angie the bartender was very nice and helpful.  Regular good bar food... Exactly what you.would expect from this local joint
Fries we're great, both Sweet Potato and Regular.  I was not impressed with the burger nor the buns.  Don't know if I hit it on a bad night or what but the bun wasn't fresh and the burger was dry.
1st time here. Came for pizza but got the lasagna as recommended by the owner. It was delicious, next time I'm in the area I'll try the pizza. It did take a while to make so its a good thing I wasn't in a hurry. The owners were both very nice and open as well. Nice place.
I love this place! Im an outdoor person and getting fresh breath and shopping with friends and family makes me happy. \n\nI love how there is a variety of activites to do and how clean it is. This place is my first if i want to get away from city life and enjoy a different experience.
By far my favorite Japanese Sushi place. Hibachi chicken with noodles is my personal favorite.
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):\n8 Food\n8 Service\n7 Atmosphere\n7 Value
2 words .  Soooooo good!
Lot of choice but the shop is kind of oldie inside... I will say is not my favorite shop to spend the night in Vegas.
Good selection of Tai food, quick service. Our good was great. On the spicy level 1-5 I typically order a 3, this place I would probably suggest a 2
Delicious cheap mexican food! Enough said!!!!!!
I personally don't go to church to listen to President Obama being bashed and used for making snide comments about. Those comments are not appropriate for Sunday service. I won't be back. I want to leave church feeling enlightened and happy.
Had my first haggis here and it was sensational! Had it as a starter and I'm now reluctant to try it anywhere else as i am positive it wont be as good. Fantastic little restaurant, ideal location, highly recommended, will definitely be back soon!
Waitress was awesome n I had the new chopped steak burger it was good n my bf had the royal red Robyn it was also good fries was awesome
Seriously, no Chocolate or Red Velvet? Come on!!! Second time I've been here when they've had neither.\nYogurtland had Chocolate Malt and another Chocolate variety. I'll stick with them from now on.
I went this morning right when they opened. The staff was great and very helpful!  The wait wasn't bad at all. I would go there again.
Great all around dining experience. Pleasant relaxed atmosphere, excellent friendly service and good food with ample portions.If you are looking for a restaurant to deliver a reliable good quality experience you wont go wrong here.
I reserved a car....went to go pick it up and they said my credit was to low to rent from them....when the hell did they run my credit...scam. I rented from hertz no problems...never will use budget.
This is the only place I trust to do my waxing services. They have a nice relaxing facility with friendly and skilled staff.  I've been to a few other salons and the European Wax chain (horror show!), nothing compares in quality or comfort.
Right in the heart of Chinatown this place is always dead because the AM-PM across the street serves food & Cheaper gas. Last time I was here they evacuated everyone because of a propane leak. Did I forget the water down their gas.
Sat there for 20 minutes and a server never came. I went to the host twice to get us a server but nothing happened. I will never go back.
Gas here is always a little cheaper than the surrounding Circle Ks. \n\nBut you are in for the worst bathroom experince of your life...\n\nThat is all.
You must try the MORROCAN TOUAREG- tastes like honey, but more mild. Delicious.\n\nCool space, but a little crammed & outdated. Good service.
They stay busy.  It is nice if you can sit outside on the water.  The service is fast and efficient and the prices are great.  I really enjoy the cocktails and the charro beans.  Mmmmm...
SUBPAR. They screwed up our order multiple times by giving it to the wrong table. We sat here for 20 minutes waiting for sushi but all of it was gone because some other table ate it! Oh yeah, they ran out of Oyster AND uni too. Very disappointed :/ 3/10 would not come again.
Latin-tude = awesome. \nEmpanadas with vegan chili = booyah. \nThe service was just as good as the food too, made me feel like a king. :) Thanks again Chef Myra!!!
They pack way too many people in this club and the crazy thing is that you have to climb like 10 flights of stairs to go up and down the place. In the club, you literally cannot move, let alone dance. I'm sure the club is nice, but the only place I was able to breathe was on the roof. NO thanks.
I wanted to like this place, but the service is not that good. Even if the food at a restaurant is good and the service is terrible, I won't go back.
Surprised how amazing this place is considering it is located next to a Panda Express. Best pork I've ever had.
Best coffee in town!!!! Great food too  Also a great place for meet ups and meetings.
HATE  Nothing.\n\nDISLIKE  Nothing.\n\nLIKE  The spinach curry. The chicken cutlet. The sides offered. The pleasant service. The close proximity to other local favorite spots.\n\nLOVE  Nothing.
Apart from the mediocre food, the service is worst. They don't honor yelp deals. Definitely a place to avoid.
One of my favorite places for breakfast. Go for the chorizo con huevos or huevos rancheros. Noms!!
I'm from out of state and as we all know its hard to trust another barber when you're used to getting your haircut by only one person the whole time. But I was amazed by the job they did at this Barbershop great stuff!!!
Food is ok. Could definitely be better. Their gumbo is actually very good. It is not a very good place to have a casual drink. The layout is very poor and the bartenders are horrible. They don't work the bar and seem annoyed when people order a drink.
Average massage service and \"whirlpool\" was a slightly larger than average bathtub off the massage room. The sparkling wine was some sort of Welch's grape juice concoction, which was actually fine with me but if you're expecting to get a little tipsy then you'll be disappointed.
GROSS FOOD\n\nI seriously think all the food is from the clogged diposal at the restaurant.\n\nEverything tasted very unfresh and muddy is the best decribed flavor.\n\nGross, gross, gross!!
Amazing food, the staff was sweet. I wish I lived closer. I loved the soup and the pad Thai, and so did my wife!
It was okay... They don't have all you can eat.  Ordered something with mozzarella and a lot of fried onions and it was not good, too much cheese. It was in the neighborhood and wanted to try it. And never will go back.  I will only go to sushi bomb now
Good food. Had the bowl so I could use the coupon. Would come back to try the pita! Get the yellow rice, it's healthier and super good. :)
nice place but overprice and very bad
This is one of the best places to get pizza in Phoenix, there are only one or two others that I would buy a pizza from. I have been going there for years. And their sausage tastes just fine to me, at least there is enough to actually taste.
We heard about Vegas Indoor Skydiving through Groupon.  At first we hesitated, because we thought it was expensive.  I'm so glad we decided to do it.  We took our kids and we all had a blast!!  So fun.  Definitely worth doing, a must-do if you're in Vegas.
It was okay don't like the high prices and I didn't even get a lobster bucket. The people were really nice I just didn't like the manger. Also the alcohols drinks are not that good it's more fruits juice then alcohol. I rather go to boiling crab any day . Sorry
Great classy bar! Great service!  Beautiful!  Worth every penny and more!
Sooooo good. The spicy pork fries always fill me up with just a half order, so if you'd rather not get messy with the tacos go for the fries. Oh, and don't forget to get the green peppers and onions!
I had my twins here, and ten days later I almost died here.   I am not sure if I would go back.  I am trying to figure out what I would do next time I am driven by ambulance to an ER. At least I know I won't bring my twins here, I recently discovered a great ER for children.
Stopped by here last night and this business has gone out of business.  Signs on the front door said this location is permanently closed, not sure if there is another location that is still open?  Their website and FB are also gone.
Tried to stop in, and they were out of food.
We went here because we had a restaurant.com gift certificate. Everything about the meal was average - average service, average price, average food. No real complaints, but nothing that made us certain we would have to return either.
Great little Starbucks with an awesome drive-thru that usually doesn't have a line. These baristas are always super friendly.
The pizza was ok.... Dinner salad was still defrosting and came after our pizza & deep fried mushrooms... They seemed to be overstaffed with romper room rejects! The mgr should cut staff & maybe pay a dollar or two more an hour to hire people who have reached puberty.
I love eating at the Keg and prefer the San Tan location. The server that we had at the Chandler location was really rude to us and didn't handle a money discrepancy issue properly. Great food.
Good wings. They were ginormous. I felt like putting my feet up on the bench, and no one gave me any guff about it. You don't need much coin to eat at hh here, friends. Great wait staff, awesome work.
This is our to go spot while we are in Vegas. It is a very hip place and it is right across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel. The food is excellent and the service is good as well. Will we return? Yes, it is our Vegas sushi place.
Great selection of healthy choices. Love that they have juice and pretty good options for gluten free. Love the new set up too
I keep going because it close to the house. \nAnd I am disappointed every time!!\n\nWill go other places!!  I will keep reminding myself. this.
I agree with generally everyone:\n\nHummus, good.\n\nDrink prices and ingredients, confusing.\n\nWaitresses, awful.\n\nPotential, there.\n\nMusic, awesome.
Fast, friendly service what else could you ask for? Better chicken? No, they serve a reasonably size bird, ulike KFC, with a marinade that gives it it's signature spicy flavor.  This location is a bit overpriced it being in an airport and they charge for refills drinks.
Great for hanging out with your vegan and vegetarian friends
Great food but poor wine selection, especially for an Italian restaurant. This was even after they redid their wine list. And if you want to taste it first they bring it in a shot glass which kills the flavor.  Still the cheese ravioli was amazing.
Came on my birthday! In June...\nI absolutely loved this place. I tried a bunch of weirdo things I don't normally eat...seafood related, and the dessert island was incredible. My favorite things there was sushi, meat and cheese plates, macarons, and big ass chocolate dipped strawberries.
My family stayed here.  It was a nice clean room. cool view. Kid friendly. Easy parking.  I loved the food court and the pool. There was even a waterslide!
Was really good the first time we came however the second time fell way short of expectations!!cool atmosphere food was okay really good the first time not sure if They had different cooks or what!!
I have to say I enjoyed this restaurant.  The salads fresh, scallops & steak cooked to perfection. Our server/service was very personable. Chatting it up with us while we waited for our plates. We went on a Tuesday evening, Bluesy live music was playing. STRONG tinis - whatever flavor you please.
After a very long car ride we stopped here for dinner.  We ended up waiting an hour and a half for our food and never got our place settings. On the plus side the food wasn't too bad. Definitely not somewhere I would recommend though.
Good option for brunch on the best diner style. Went after a run at montroyal and liked the ambiance and food.
This has thee SLOWEST drive thru of all the Starbucks! At this moment I've been in line for 14 minutes and there's still 2 cars in front of me, not sure what the problem is but I need to find a new location!
Nice place down the street from my parents house. Although, they are really anal about minor things. & gotta love the window that actually opens on the 20th floor - can I say... suicide waiting to happen for someone? Room service was okay, although the A/C made it cold after 2 mins. Everything else was okay.
Double check your Togo order because they did not put anything I have requested in my Togo order. Not enough of sauce, wrong butter, and gave me the wrong shrimp.
Because this Panera is located in the heart of Oakland it is always crowded with students on their laptops or reading or just hanging out. It is actually more spacious than it appears but it's still always crowded. Prices keep going up while portion sizes keep getting smaller.
Love this market. We go every Saturday morning for veggies and fruit and whatever else strikes our fancy. Every other Saturday they expand the market to include arts and crafts - there is some really cool stuff.
The service was good, but the food was just okay.  I would consider it  expensive for average Mexican food.   Nothing stands out about the restaurant that would make me rush back.
This place is delicious but the main reason why I gave it 3 stars was the fact we waited over 20 minutes until our shakes and onion rings came.
On time, excellent service, and speedy.  It was a pleasure doing business with them!
Delicious Korean goodness. Great location near Leelees. The ambience is chill, and it's not BBQ smokey like other Korean restaurants (I'm not complaining). Hip joint that plays K-Pop. Pricing is reasonable.
Nice place to hangout Tuesday night salsa night cheap beer nice people. Friday and saturday are also good to hangout and dance club music
This is my favorite place for social hour!! Their food is fabulous and the staff is so welcoming and accommodating!! The have an outside lounge area too!! Best restaurant in Summerlin!!!
Awful food. Only one dish was edible and the selection was not good. Staff we rude and plates were dirty. Please do not waste your hard earned money here.
I have to say this company was fantastic! Brittany was outstanding! She really takes pride in her job and understands how important this service is. \nThank you Brittany!
\u00a33 to see two shows in a seedy basement full of college dropouts, artists, doctors, hipsters and barristers with a devoted appreciation of the best improv jazz in town. This sweaty basement is compulsory listening my friends. My only complaint is that the beer list is rubbish, it's otherwise a top joint.
I gave this place a 2 bc the food was amazing but the service was completely horrible.. the old fashion was spot on the best ever.. steak was cooked to perfection. In the hr that we were there our water was never refilled until after the check even after I asked for more water..
Looking up from the lazy river and wave pool at the Monte Carlo. Get your dance, tan, and drink on!
well i have to say my drinks are always right. and the staff is super nice... but the extreme extreme wait is too much...  2 cars i from of me... in drive thru. i better have 30 minutes to get my coffee. it's just too much!
Yum! Normally I'm not big on cakes or pies.. But these are delicious! I've had the coconut cream and cheesecake! They also offer \"cup size\" pies! Perfect for a little treat!
Good place for the upscale shopper. The mall is multi-storied, with escalators and elevators to provide access to the different levels. Some of the stores in this patrician environment are Balenciaga, Burberry, Christian Louboutin, and Gucci.
I was there for lunch with a few of my friends. The help was so accommodating. We were seated in a private room where we were served excellent food.  I highly recommend Del Fresco  Grille for a small group gathering such as a book talk or business meeting.  I plan to go back for happy hour soon.
Burgers overdone. Onion rings under cooked. Kids chicken tenders undercooked. $70+ for lunch for 2 adults and 2 kids, no alcohol and we shared a side of fries & rings. Way too expensive for what you get. We won't be back.
My fianc\u00e9 and I went to the new location off of  Stephanie and Sunset in Henderson. It was amazing.  Very good food at good prices. Our only complaint was that they only had two dressing choices for the salads. Blue cheese and Ranch.
Really fresh.  Hot.  Plenty of food.  Shakes yummy.  Nice clean friendly place.  Pretty busy for Sunday.   Will b back
The server suggested that we get it cooked to medium. Upon the first bite, the most pleasant flavor of the cherry glaze and pork took over my senses. I knew right away what it was: BEST PORKCHOP EVER! Hands down. The truffle oil fries were magical as well.
Best buffet/restaurant I've been to in awhile.. Food was awesome. Can't wait to go back. Sooo rooting for this place to succeed. Then the east side would finally have a decent place to eat. Love it:)
Below average. So many other places to go. Don't waste your monry
When I want home style Hawaiian this is the place. Nothing fancy here but large portions of regular Hawaiian style ono grinds when I need that quick fix from my childhood.  It does the job! 4 star only because its not gourmet or fancy, but it's good regular Hawaiian take out- I love it.
Good breakfast served quickly, but nothing special and quite pricey - even for Vegas.
The food is good, but the service is meh. \n\nThey also don't have a children's menu, which is a little weird.
Newman Realty has been a member of the Gilbert Chamber of Commerce for several years now.  The organization and staff are committed to the long term growth and development of businesses of all sizes in Gilbert.  We have found the Chamber to be a great source for both business and personal development.  Highly recommended for business networking, growth and development.
Oh Boston Creme...you devil you. How can I resist your sweet gooey custard center and delicious chocolate topping? I cannot. \n\nWhat is funny to me is that the location on Craig replaced a low carb cafe...Bwahaha take that diets!!
Great Customer Service! Affordable! Quick Turn around!
ok so i have mixed feelings about this place. Its very cool to see all the great little places along the way, however i wouldnt suggest going at night. A lot of strange things start happening then...more drunks, creeps, and scary people haha. Its just not MY scene, but its ok.
The place is very clean. Service was fast. They need to upgrade their type of fries.
Now that is some sad Chinese food. Cheap yes, but not good. I was hoping to find that \" hole in the wall\" place that nobody would try without knowing. But it is a rundown crappy place with not so good food.
I've been coming here for over 15 years and I just love it! I've even got the Fianc\u00e9 hooked, too! For a great dessert, try the sticky toffee pudding. =)
Great friendly service, EXCELLENT value, and super quick! Had the lunchtime Sze Chun dumplings, while some other the other folks at the table had noodles and soup. Tasted everything and it was all delicious!
Great new place. Been there twice and loved all dishes. My fav was sardines! Not so great for vegetarians but great fish dishes along with awesome meat based selections. Prices very reasonable for the quality of food presented.
Not a good place for nigiri. I broke my rule of never eating sushi in a place where you can't see the fish before... well they reminded me why I have that rule. The portions were good but the fish didn't taste fresh.
Amazing! Amazing! Amazing! By far one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas.  Never disappoints and the Prime Rib Eye Steak is a real delight.  I would recommend this place to anyone.  Try the infused Saki!   The server was very knowledgeable and an asset to the restaurant.
Stay away from curries they are watered down. Friendly people cozy atmosphere. All I tried was chicken tikka masala and it's not up to par.
This place is more selective with the crowd that they allow. I have been here multiple times with friends and it's fun but the services is \"meh\" The best part about this place is the tacos. I know that the reason it even has 3 star is because of this. Head over to The Rock for a good time ;)
Open 24 hours. Always has what I need.
Great people to work with! I loved how quick and easy the process was to replace my windshield. I highly recommend this company!
I don't remember their menu being so large compared to the one in New York. I think $10 for a small Frozen hot Chocolate is way overpriced. It was good but not worth it. The wait was too long, 30-45 minutes to eat an average style meal.
Great Beer selection! The tap tables are awesome! Food isn't the best... but honestly, I don't go there to eat.
Its nice and clean, can't complain. Its a small airport though.\nSince it small, security is quick, unlike other airports like JFK or LAX (absolute nightmares....)\nMy flight was delayed 2 hours, good thing there was free wifi and some small shops around selling food.
I go to kind for carry out once a week.  The Subs are great (usually the Philly,  melt,  or roast beef). They never disappoint!
One of the best seafood restaurants I've eaten at... Only critique I think is maybe the service was a little all over the place but still good!
If you need tires or anything to do with tires this location is the best hands down!
Macaroons are great, the one I had today was a little over filled but still great flavor! I was however extremely disappointed... I ordered the Greek Caesar with chicken - the chicken add was 2.95 for deli slices chicken. The atmosphere has a great feel but they need to turn the a/c on...
they do not accept giftcards\n\nmy coconut mocha tasted like chocolate ice\n\nplus, they took a LONG time especially since I was the only customer there.
Grab a coffee, and window shop. People watch. Sip. Enjoy.
I would've appreciated if the menu had mentioned all their pizzas are wheat before I had 50 dollars worth of disgustor on our table. Even my wife's sandwich left much to be desired. Over priced and under flavored. Severely disappointing, especially considering the other reviews. At least the atmosphere was nice.
Pretty good poutine. Cheese curds were a bit too chewy, but otherwise nice. Lots of flavor choices, quite heavy. Definitely preferred Comptoir 21, though.
Four Stars simply due to the Cilantro Jalapeno Hummus. The sentiment has already been expressed and I will back it up. Best thing on the menu, hands down!
Gigantic yard, so many places to sit down and drink. But my drink had no alcohol in it.  I don't know what's wrong with this city, but I couldn't find one decent alcoholic beverage outside of beer.
TERRIBLE! Iced coffee no ice.. pb latte disgusting and cold.. scone not cooked through.. will NEVER go back! Save your $$ & go to Starbucks!
I eat here just about every weekend before work. Everything i get is great, especially the beef mini chimis. And The people that work there are always super friendly!
You have to drive through a gauntlet to check in, rooms are OK, looks more like a 3 star than a 4 star hotel.  Buffet was very good.  Sluggish bathtub drainage.  Rooms clean.
The food was not only phenomenal it was cooked to perfection and brought out in a timely manner. It was worth the trip and would come back every morning.
I don't always get to sell everything for the price I want, some of the prices are higher than some other places but great selection, good deals most of the time, and very cool & knowledgable staff.  Great place.  4/5.
My 1 star is based on the way they clean their tables. That dirty never washed gym locker room smell.  Imagine smelling that while you eat. Service is horrible. Expect to have super fast bowel after leaving the restaurant
I loved the Thai coffee, Thai tea and spicy herb fried rice (Thai). Everything is uber pricey in Vegas and this is not an exception
The pizza and antipasto salad are delicious!!!  They use quality ingrediants in the food and you can definitly taste it.  They have an owesome beer selection and they have Hoegarden on tap.  Its a big place, a little outdated and the TV's are small.  But other than that ok
Nicer than the one on Sahara...but collection of clothing not as nice. Nice staff. So if you want the best selection go to Sahara, want to shop at the nicer stores of the two the one on Stephanie is your best bet.
What a cute diner and great people! Thank you Robert and Carolyn for taking care of us while our car was being worked on. Best breakfast we have had in ages! We will be back :)
This might be our new spot for grocery shopping nights! Wow! Loved the food! Very modern, sophisticated, and clean restaurant! Very impressed! \"I'll be back!\" - Arnold
Excellent Mexican food.  There is a reason there is a wait for lunch.  The tortilla soup was the best I ever tasted.  Great presentation and good service.
I pass by this walgreens on the way home so I stop in frequently. Always able to find what I need. Clean and organized, will come again.
It was free and it was still wack.
I haven't gone to Carmines for over a year but it use to be one if my favorite Italian places.  Loved the shrimp on the stone and the chicken Marsala.  The shrimp pizza, caesar salad, and many other dishes there were also great.  Their kitchen opens 24/7
Went in to check it out as I have heard about them online....Staff was friendly, helpful and answered all my question's. I bought a pound of  cheddar jalapeno bratwurst.  It was EXCELLENT! I also bought frozen chicken for my English Bull Dog.
test
Well not at all what I was expecting from a Michelin 3 star restaurant.  At $655 a person, I was very disappointed.  I will not return again.
General Tso's chicken tasted like McNuggets with ketchup. And I detected a bit too much corn starch. The beef and broccoli had a weird texture and the taste was a bit off. I will not be coming back. Two stars because the price wasn't bad for a Chinese joint.
Good chicken fingers, but a whole reataurant dedicated to them? Hard to believe but true.  The sauces are tasty and they do sanwiches with. The fingers too. Its just, how many times a week can you eat chicken fingers? I mean, its not PIZZA!
Service was prompt and courteous, food was hot, but tasted as if they haven't had a new shipment of ingredients in a few days. But that's to be expected.
Edible! Not quite Bojangles or KFC! About the same type of fried chicken.\n\nBojangles-better biscuits\nKFC-better cole slaw
They have terrific service and some damn delicious OJ. I may or may not order a large everytime I go. I go here just about every weekend and everytime the service is great and the OJ blows my mind.
Average wait time for delivery is an unsympathetic hour, even around 2 in the afternoon. Their new website's ordering system charges you additional fees for usage. The pizza is decent, but it's not worth the headache.
Alexi's is a Phoenix classic. Great food, great service, but old menu. \n\nYou can always count on Alexi's for a good meal, of epic proportions that will be very filling.
Two dollars and a dirty look from the teenage girl cashier for a bottled water. Good times.
Jade red chicken and Jerk chicken! Yum! That is all I have to say! Oh and the black beans! :)
What more can be said, this a good donut place.  They have all the main donuts, just a little bit larger than usual on some.  Only thing is I wish I can have them right out the oven, but what can you expect when I wake up at 10 am.
They gave me a container full of old grease and scum. Aka yellow curry. I had high hopes for this place, but was sadly disappointed\n The chili chicken lunch special was ok but was missing one key ingredient CHiLI!!!
Love Amsterdam! Went there forever ago for fun $2 martinis and manicures on Tuesday nights. The show is awesome too, there's no way to go and not have a fun time!
Maple hot wings = best thing about this place!  Decent college bar, in a sea of douch-bag hang-outs.
Went completely down hill after Skyler left!!! Would not go back again.
My first time here and I was pleased with the experience - the salon was clean, the staff helpful, and the price was right. Looking forward to a future visit.
Was in the mood for chineese and decided to order here because they deliver. The delivery was very fast but the food was gross. I have never tasted chineese food this gross before. This place makes Panda Express seem like the best chineese place ever! I will never order from here again.
I loved the pollo and carnitas tacos!
Yuck! I wouldn't come here if I was starving! Tell your kids NOT to go on the PlayPlace. I  saw kids licking the playplace. I once threw up after eating a so-called \"burger\" from here. Overall rating: F.
It's a good gym. The trainer, Barrett, is very knowledgable on proper technique and good at making you feel welcome. The workouts are challenging providing a good start to my day!
Go somewhere else! Anywhere else! They didn't vacuum or throw away any of my trash. My car was the same as I left it with a little scent and the outside was clean. The inside was in the same shape as I left it. Save your 16 bucks and go elsewhere.
The workouts are short but very intense. Perfect for my busy schedule!
The price is very high but the quality of the food is deeply unsatisfying.we ordered Yangzhou fried rice and their special fried rice. They tasted the same. Disappointed.
Volume was unacceptably high; food was mediocre. There are many better choices around.
My daughter and I went here for the first time today. We tried the lox and bagel. So delicious. The staff was friendly too. They even allowed my modifications, and It was reasonably priced only $7.75. Great service great food. We will be back.
Excellent service. No problems. Free upgrade and one of the sales associates took me home when she got off work.  If I need to rent another car, I will definitely come here again.
Simply amazing. From the bread (try the bacon bread) the foie brulee is divine. Veal cheeks amazingly tender. Outstanding service. Half off bottles of wine on Sundays for locals. Ask your server.
Disappointed! Worst customer service ever. Server by the name of (Yi) was rude as taking our order and walked away from us. Once the food was brought to the table it had hair in the chicken wings. \n\n\nSure won't return
Breakfast service on the patio is poor at best. Had to wait 10 minutes for server to greet us. Then she forgot water. Had to ask her 3 times. Food was ok. After waiting for server to pick up our bill. We had to go inside to pay. Also, server did not understand what we said in English.
One of the best views of Edinburgh!
Since our last visit, we have been back twice. One time was ok but another time was very good. We took a friend from CA and he really likes the place.
Went there on 12 -5-14 to watch the U \nof A vs Oregon game.  Service was horrible, had to wait 20 minutes for our drinks,  they only had 1 bartender on duty, great planning knowing that it's Friday night, big game on TV, horrible horrible experience.
Gil was so friendly, super professional.  The New Mexico enchiladas were delish!!!! Hands down for this place!!!!
food was amazing had the pad thai chicken lunch special , pot stickers and the best desert i have had in a long time sweet mango sweet rice rice and coconut icecream big enough to share for 2
I frequent often especially with out of town guests- since the outside seating is excellent for people watching as well as the Bellagio watershow. \nFood is fairly priced (in the 20s for steak, salmon, etc). I really enjoyed the escargot and my friend loved the baked goat cheese appetizer. Good place over all.
I love the 3 sandwich size options here, and the eggplant sandwich was quite tasty.  Vegetarian options are always a plus for our large group of people, so everyone had something they liked in our large order.  This place has just the right vibe for a good sandwich shop.
Best Mexican food around. If you like spicy, the Bomberro Burrito is a must. Bomberro sauce has a smokey, sweet flavor with an intense burn sensation. It compliments the meat and tortilla extraordinarily well.
A bit pricey for a full meal but the chicken bruschetta is the best!
Just finished with my first appointment here. Staff was super nice and I was in and out in 30 min. I saw Stephanie the PA who I followed from another office. She is amazing, always takes her time and remembers specifics about my life. It feels like catching up with a friend whenever I see her.  Would definitely recommend
Expensive, so red neck the meet is not god the ribs or no good coleslaw eww no espectacular i never ever i thinki not going to come back oh! Plus its flys everywhere is no let me eat  the most ugly experience i prefer drive a couple more miles and go to FAMOUS DAVES
decent food ot the best not the worst probably wont be back
The worst indian restaurant I have eaten in in the US. I am Indian and I will not suggest this to anyone. Please avoid at all costs!
Nice, big, well ventilated club which is important b/c there is fire and smoke from above.
Would not even dignify with a star...except for my need to review.  Dishonest piece of crap airline...pay extra price for any other flight...avoid spirit like the plague!
A+++ for my wedding cake! Ordered off the internet for our desintation Vegas wedding...delivered on time, great service, DELICIOUS and gorgeous! And an awesome price too. Can't recommended them enough.
I love the sweet smell of the Aria and the fancy remote controls in the rooms don't hurt.
We have worked with Dominica on several occasions and love her. Excellent work and delicious confections. \n\nDefinitely recommend them!
There's slot machines at every corner in the airport so the action doesn't stop.  It's clean and fairly modern and easy to navigate.  If you have more than 3 or more people with you, avoid the hotel/airport shuttles and go for a limo...it'll actually be cheaper.
Zero stars. They will scam you for every dollar they can. Groupon is useless if they charge 3x as much as else where for a brake job! Beware amd do your research.
Sorry I really don't like the service at all! I have been there several times and every single bartender is so rude. Especially the owner? Food is good but too expensive. Hoping for another bar to open up.
From out of town on business needing a clean-up. Outstanding service, attention to detail and value. If I lived nearby, I would be a regular.
Food was mediocre. Music was nostalgic pop from the 80's mostly. Fun decor/ atmosphere and friendly service. However, probably would not return again.
The food is awesome, the service is good. The prices are a little pricey but the portions are large. I would recommend.
love the tennis
Best sushi in Las Vegas hands down!  Service is awesome! Restaurant is clean. This pace is so good we went two days in a row.  Another bonus is that they are open late too. Can't wait to go back!
Pretty good food. Always busy though. Decent service. Great milkshakes.
When I informed Bree I wanted a call back from a manager she said that I could call the manager back when she came in. How many customer service people have told you they won't take a message and that YOU can call THEM back???When I came in to talk to the manager she had no idea what I was complaining about.
Dr Taylor is the best!
Very disappointed. Uneven, lopsided, sloppy nails. Glue all over my fingers. Will not be visiting again and tempted to return and ask for my $40 back.
Now that I had first hand experience with some of the management I will not be going back. And in case anybody wonders I went to the management, they didn't come to me.
Food is okay and everything takes forever. Appetizer took 20 mins to get here. If you have enough patience then it won't bother you that much. Just asked for my check 5 mins ago as we speak. Everybody works here is like in slow motion.
Food was good, but not fantastic. Server seemed frustrated that the 3 families wanted to pay separately. But overall I'm glad we went.
I've been to the restaurant twice and loved it both times. The food is delicious and service impeccable. My favorite dish is the chicken thigh with spaetzel. The ravioli with egg yolk is too rich for me but my husband loved it.\nWe will return
Outside looking in? COooooooOOOool. \n\nInside looking at your $15 combo meal? Not so cool. \n\nInside tasting your food you waited forever for? Should have gone to McDonalds in your hotel's food court again. *sob*
Is there a more deliciously sinful cupcake in Las Vegas?  We've had them to our office twice now and each time, we are pleased with the timeliness of delivery and overjoyed by their tastiness.  Highly suggest if you're looking for alcohol infused cupcakes!
Great food. Accommodated our very large group on St. Patrick's Day! Great food. There were seperate checks and they got that right
Love this place! I recently started coming here 6 months ago I am now addicted ! Professional , friendly and fast!
tacky.\nmight work in a real touristy place like key west or Hawaii or maybe even a town with less of a bar scene but it tries too hard.
Just had Luiz come over and clean a few high traffic areas in my home, couldn't believe the amazing results,  definitely very happy and would use them again!
Great place to smoke a cigar and unwind. A poker table in the back lounge is nicely placed feet away from the humidor. The TVs always have sports on with a great crowd to smoke with! Cigars, humidors and accessories are all available.
It was good but it took a long time to get my mean.
Really tasty pizza and a good price. Very quick and friendly service, you can choose to have it on wheat as well. I would come back. I would go with the \" spicy butcher\" pizza.
The service from the one employee in here was very outgoing and fantastic. This office is small and run down, and poorly maintained. They do not have any self help kiosk, so you must wait in line to send a package. This location is very dirty and closes for lunch hour
Coco Rico hits the spot. Make sure you order everything with spices on top! The chicken is tender and the potatoes are really flavourful. The service could be better, but what do you expect for such a bustling joint?
Typical bar-type food, good beers on draft, lots of TVs......good place to watch a game.  I highly recommend the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich, or the Blackened Tuna sandwich.
This place is absolutely disgusting. Will never return.
Clean enough.  Comfortable beds. But too many \"can'ts\".  Can't have more than two room keys. Can't have extra blankets. Kids can't stay more than 10 minutes in the pool. Wifi is almost worthless. Glad to be leaving.
I freaking love this place! Their Arizona Burrito with chicken is amazing! My favorite little hole in the wall Mexican restaurant!
My wife and I come here frequently and always get the vegetable curry. Keep up the good work!
Bar wasn't busy and service wasn't great. \nI don't even remember the food that I ate.\n\nBeer was half-assed Belgium and also overpriced\nbut I must admit that the Mystery beer was nice.
the sandwich is authentic :), nice one
Not really a fan.  Hotel needs is in need of renovation.  Seemed dirty and out dated.
It's panda which = quick \"chinese\" fix. nothing special to set this one apart from the rest.
This spot is must visit if your in vegas.  It's close to downtown and the strip of Charleston.   Reservations are encouraged.  Loved the service that we received even though we arrived 40min before close.  Food is delicous.  Will be back again.
This place is enormous.  Lots of stores, but where are all the people???
We have eaten here several times.  I have noticed the quality of food dropping lower and lower with each visit.  I will not be returning.  I purchased 2 pounds of pulled pork.  I got 1.25 pounds of meat and the rest was fat. It was discussing and the staff could care less.
Just wanted to say, always a good time here. Guaranteed.\n\nI'm taking 1 star away because Guillermo doesn't work here anymore :(. But that still leaves me with 5 stars.
First, You need to wait 20 minutes to get seats, then the nightmare just begins.  We waited for 1 hour to get our food. Besides, the food is not worth the wait time.
Every time I get my coffee never seems to taste right for a 6$ drink taste like water and not enough cream added
Food is sub standard. Food is an afterthough it is all about the alcohol. Turn the food operations over to someone that knows what they are doing. ACROSS THE BOARD mis managed, misses the mark for what they are trying to be and do from outward appearances.
Burgers are fairly good, albiet considerably overpriced considering that it doesn't include any sides. If you want fries, you'll have to order those separately. Thankfully, the spiked milkshakes are delicious.
I love pizza!!!  But for some reason P.M. Is just not for me. my family loves it so naturally I'll eat it. I have not experienced anything bad from this place but I guess it just depends on the persons taste buds.
Great food...consistently. Go here with my lunch buddies and been served quick with some hot awesome food. Service is very friendly and helpful in case you are new to Thai but have the pallette for flavors and lastly very decently priced!!
Friendly staff but Not a fan.  Not sure if food is prepared elsewhere or night before because they microwaved our food.
You should get a reservation but they will except walk in's. The seafood stack is amazing and presented so classy. The crab legs were huge and juicy. We have been there a few times when visiting Las Vegas and will go back.
Yummy food! Good prices.  I love the fact there's organic/whole foods available.  I usually get the spicy chicken wrap- it's so big that it is perfect for lunch and dinner.  Sometimes they are a little slow, so make sure you have the full hour.
What a horrible customer service. Wrong info on the phone. Impersonal and not particularly knowledgeable stuff. Huge lune up. Bad atmosphere. For high prices of lab work and decent location this place is a disgrace to medical care. Never again. Sonora lab maybe decent. Just not this location!
These people are morons. Put sugar in when ask for no sugar . Give you wrong food. It has happened more then once. Dumb dumbs
Great stuff if you can deal with the mess and the crowds. Got some Ferragamo shoes for $40. No returns, no cell phone coverage, and no idea what you will find. Just be sure to double check all items before buying.
I have had mixed results with this place.  Sometimes the ice cream is more like just cream.  It's soft.  In addition, I think the owner must take off and let the high school kids run the whole operation.  Sometimes the service is just terrible......
Very tasty \"Pig of the Week!\"  And the Dagwood looks awesome. Worth a try.
The store is a joke And mismanaged. Every time I want to buy a door a window or carpeting there's never a person available to help and I always go across the street to Lowe's and i can place an order.
Pleasant staff, good atmosphere.  But the pad Thai was the blandest and most mediocre instance of its kind I've tasted.  At least the prawns in the pad Thai weren't too bad.
This place has a great atmosphere if you are looking for someplace laid back. The staff was very nice, and the food was good too! Prices are a little higher then expected, but the food was still good. The mac and cheese with green chilies is AMAZING!
Busy, always busy. Great food, great cocktails, great service, always great in these regards. Perfect date place with a reservation. Bar seating is first come first serve, so try for that if you go on a whim. Ask about the specials too, always something cooking in the back there.
UBE shake gets 5stars!!! Best shake that ever touched my lips. Not a fan of the spaghetties tho. The burgers are on point. And it's a lil pricey. It's good fun tho when I'm with my lil niece and nephews.
I'm visiting family in Phx. Needed more juice found this vape shop. The guys were super awesome.  Love the liquid they make. Very knowledgeable. Before I leave state going back to buy more juice for my long road trip. Would totally recommend this place! !
The ice cream is okay here...
I ordered delivery from Saigon Pho and was very impressed! My rare beef pho was hot and absolutely delicious, the service was friendly, and delivery was fast. Great value for the food as well. I will definitely be trying this restaurant dine-in for the full experience!
One of my favorite Chinese places around.  Granted, it is a dingy little hole in the wall but I almost always just do take-out.  DELICIOUS!!! Generous portions, great value!!  Great menu!! Friendly and fast... Try the Sesame Chicken on beef lo mein ROCKS!!
By far the worst place I have been to. They were incredibly rude and cussed at my boyfriend when he was getting his sandwhich that they made wrong. Do not go here. Waste of time and money.
What an amazing place to go to They are quick reliable and honest I will not go anywhere else. Drew got me in and out in less than one hour and didn't even charge me I had a nail in my tire that was slowly leaking I will come back here for new tires when I need them
My red dress came back pink. Many of my items had spots that kind of looked like oil maybe. It is sad when your clothes are returned looking dirtier than they did when you dropped them off. Based on the other reviews maybe they were having an off day. I sure as H won't be back to find out
I had never had dosai until this place opened.  Every version I've tried is yummy!  The accompanying sauces, however, can be a little too heavy and spicy for me.
Awesome view with incredible view...wait staff sucks balls
I come here everyday for lunch and dinner.\nI really enjoyed eating at Naka Sushi.\nI highly recommend.
Horrible. Poor service and bad food. Don't waste your time and money. This is my first Yelp review, and I usually don't complain. You know how bad it is.
Check in on Yelp and get 20% of services.
Great atmosphere, food was comparable to Chilli's or Applebees, very entertaining.
Very good traditional breakfast food. Portions are huge. Definitely can split an entree. Good service good prices
Nothing special. Just typical fast greasy pizza. 3 stars because it's open late.    -No regular seating FYI.
Ordered the BBQ chicken pizza during my 1st visit for lunch. It was ok. Unfortunately the server was rude when I ask for to-go box and directed to go get the paper to-go plate myself at the self serve area even though I just witness her gave a box to another patron.
Ian helped me out today and was awesome!! I called at 9 and he was here by 11:30 on a Sunday!!  The drains are clear and working properly and the prices can't be beat!! I'll definitely be calling them again for any needs :). Thank you so much!!
The vanilla custard with Oreos is super yummy!
Ellison Bistro was very unique.  The food and music have a interesting Jamaican feel.  The pumpkin/ butter nut squash soup I ordered was superb, but the main dish was disappointing.  The service was also incredibly slow.  I doubt I will visit here again.
Very friendly and helpful service.  I dropped my iPhone and fractured my glass front cover. Trying to read through the cracks was like looking at a Picasso. \n\nGot an up front quote and time to fix estimate.  They made the phone look brand new again.  \n\nThanks
Best Bagel Ever!!!!\n\nToo bad you can't find these kind of bagels in the state!\n\nThe bagels in Quebec taste totally different than the ones from the state.\n\nSo damn good!
This is place is great! Great wash and detail!! Reasonably priced and multiple locations all over the valley. 2 thumbs up
I really like their chocolate chip scone.  It tastes great and really is quite large.\n\nAlso, it's nice that they have a selection of newspapers to read while you are there.
Went there with my husband. Awesome experience and probably one of the best meals of my life.\nCheesecake desert is heavenly!
Expect an hour wait if you come here on a Sunday during lunch-time!
Great food! The food is really good but the hookahs suck!! We had to call the waiter over 15 times to fix our hookah and it was very unenjoyable. Maybe I would eat here in the future but I will never smoke here again.
When I'm in the mood for a good hotdog this is the place to go. Always friendly staff and consistently great food. Slightly expensive for what it is but totally worth it. Thanks Luke's!
Literally the best experience I have had at a salon, the people there are super friendly and the hair cut went well. The prices is relatively well priced. A great location for me since I live in the building near by.
love this place! very friendly and did a great job on my nails. I came here with my mother and wife and we were all taken care of very well.\neven though I was suckered in to coming here the owners were funny and made it easy to relax.
The restaurant is gorgeous, the food was amazing and our server was incredibly helpful and attentive. It was definitely a bit pricey, but totally worth it!!! Warning - they charge $12.00 for Young Coconut. Yikes!!!
The morning manager was rude and didn't like being \"bothered\". Hash browns were cold when they were given to me and the women's bathroom is infested with ants! Counted at least ten ants in one stall alone!! Health code issue right there. I will not be coming back.
They have the best food from all over Vegas!
for good time in old town scottsdale!!!!
At least they are consistent always every other table is dirty and floors are just as bad.  Cleanliness should be first and foremost in any food establishment and it makes me think what is it that I don't see especially from a kitchen standpoint.
My kids love this place.  Cool shirts and gear based upon cable shows and rock groups.  Obviously for a youthful demographic.  Sales people certainly represent that.  Prices seem reasonable for licensed items.  Quality seems good too.
WHAT A BUNCH OF CLOWNS!!!! \n\nTried getting my car washed this morning but the manager was in the BATHROOM and there was a line of cars waiting for that fool to get done with his morning crap!\n\nNEVER AGAIN!!!!!
The food is great but the service And manager are horrible. She does not know good customer service or mannerism while she is talking. Byebye good food all because of your ill mannered management.
I went here for lunch yesterday and ordered off the lunch specials menu: half sandwich and a salad for around $9.  It was ok, but nothing special.  My friend really likes this place for some reason, but I just don't get it.
We are a regular at this particular location.  It is a great place to hang out.  \n\nThe portions are large and we frequently share a dish.  The atmosphere is enjoyable.  It is a sports bar that actually feels like a nice restaurant.\n\nGreat value.  We go there once a week.
Service is absolutely amazing. Friendly staff and delicious coffee make for an excellent way to start the day.
Cheap, Fresh, and Fast!! I come here for my lunch sometimes and they do not let me down...the sandwiches are made right before your eyes and the bread is literally sliced to order! they have many different types to order from or you can create your own.
My favorite buffet I visited this year.  This is the only place I know of which makes crepes to order.  I had the spiciest horse radish in my entire life here - so be careful before you spoon a bunch on your prime rib.  I didn't find the line too long, and the price was reasonable.
Very extensive and professional story of organized crime and the cops out to stop them. Great mix of reading displays, artifacts, video and hands on exhibits. A welcome diversion from the strip and the downtown hustle.
Le personnel \u00e9tait attentionn\u00e9, la nourriture \u00e9tait bonne, les portions g\u00e9n\u00e9reuses. 3.5/5
Not impressed, Salsarita's was so much better.
One of my favorite places to eat good food good service great sushi. Try the Momo box it's wonderful
Great service! Love the idea of 1 bay just to check tire pressure. Went in and out in minutes , left knowing my tires were in good shape and properly inflated! All for FREE! Will definitely get my next set of tires here.
Make sure you mush as much as you can in your bowl, hee hee. :)\n\nA fun and good place for some Asian!
Great pizza, better pizza cookie.
Great food,  breathtaking views.  Awful awful service.  I go there frequently an the last two times we have waited twenty minutes for initial greetings, 45 minutes for drinks and an hour for food.  If they fix this I will re rate.  Otherwise,  I will be staying a way for a bit.
Food is good, atmosphere is good, only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because of the slow service.
Nothing special. the food I thought was too greasy and its definitely not an authentic place. Only went once and not going back
This is an awesome little find close to the Dilworth area in Charlotte. I've been here for lunch a few times and they custom make your sandwich/wrap to order. They have a eclectic variety of beverages and snacks as well. They also allow dogs indoors and out. Parking may be hard to find though so get here early.
Hate the wait and why is this place not open on Saturday? People do have jobs and there are more personal costs involved when you leave work early to come here for a required transaction. ALL about the government.\n\nYou gotta be kidding...
My family and I always enjoy eating here.  The food is always fresh and the staff is very friendly.  However,  every time we have ordered take out they always get the order wrong.
Great decor, great service, Great homemade food using local ingredients!
Rude services. Nasty food. High price. \n\nI had bad diarrhea and my friend felt nausea after eat there. \n\nNot recommended and won't go back.
First the parking was really confusing and ridiculous. They MADE us pay for Internet even though we were not going to use it. And since when did rooms not come with a fridge?! I'll stay somewhere else next time!
Shrimp San Remo is the best! My wife and I go here for special occasions, and it is always so good and has fantastic service! We love this place
Interesting concept for dining. Friendly waitress.  Fried sushi was interesting but good. Music nice touch but too loud for dinner atmosphere.
This place was awful!!! We had terrible service by a very unhappy over weight server. I had 4 scallops that were $25 and they were not as fresh as stated. My gf had a dried out choc muffin that not even milk could help the taste.
Great job cleaning up the house.
I ate here five years or so ago and it wasn't the worst slophouse in Vegas, but it was close.  It's gone up a notch or so, but I'd still rather go to Bellagio or Wynn if I absolutely must stay on the strip.  Best in town (IMHO) is GVR.
Good food, clean, with a friendly helpful staff.  Price seems a little high for the caliber of food.  Would give it 3.5 stars.
Little no frills cafe integrated with a small international market. Had the chicken shawarma which turned out to be excellent. Could be better with the addition of some side dishes but for those who want a small light inexpensive hot lunch this isn't a bad little gem.
Fish & chips - a big piece of soggy, mushy, bland fish, with a big pile of lukewarm fries, during lunch when there was only one other table occupied.....I don't think so..
Good spot for me!! Maria takes care of me there. Hope she stay there. And does very good job. Be back always
Came in for lunch. Jessy was our server. She was a lot of fun and was amazingly patient and easy going with our diversive smart Alec group. Overall we had a great experience and the food was very tastey. I'll be back for sure!
After having lunch here, I'm upset at having passed by this place so often and never stopping in.  There were lots of \"emergency personnel\" which is generally a sign of good eats.  My lunch was delicious and the service was friendly and fast.  Looking forward to coming again!
Awesome place. I tend to stick to the more basic and traditional style pasties now, as the more unique ones just seem a little odd to me. I can't say I've ever had anything I didn't like though. Great beer selection as well.
As a tourist or a local the Basilique Notre-dame is a true treasure. Weather you love a church for its religion or its architecture this is the place to visit. I have been here at least 50 times and can go back another 50. One day I hope to see thier light show at night!!!
Pretty solid cafe in the middle of the PHX airport.  one of the few places they will seat you and bring a menu vs. cafeteria style. decent lunch and bar too.
Decent food at a relatively inexpensive price.  They don't take reservations, so be prepared to wait.  The cheesy bread is really good.  I wasn't impressed with the salad.  The pizzas are enormous!
Always great!!!!! Yummy!!!\nNever had anything we did not like. \nJoin the card savings and get one free after you buy 10.
Food is always excellent. Service consistently detracts. Even when empty, I've never had a visit without a missing item or ticket time under 20 minutes.
My food was covered in cheese! No flavor just salty and plain!
I love Whole Foods, eat there almost every day. This location however does not carry half the products most do, the salad bar is weak and I just bought some cut fruit with mold at the bottom. Go to the Ray Rd location if you have the means it's a much better location.
I'm gonna be honest - I ate here after a night of drinking, britney concert, gambling and more drinking. With that said.. the pizza was amazing!! Also, the service was spot on considering it was 2am.
Food was good, but not blown away by the taste. Somewhat overpriced. Service was so-so. Ambiance is decent.
Amelia was a beyond awesome server and food was great!\n\nWayne Gorsek
My most favorite New Mexican place. I love the chips and dips and the large dinner portions. The taco are awesome. I also love the free desert. Great.
Simple and fresh! Freshly made potstickers. Soup with hand made noodles. Best thing of all very cheap!
A great place to take your family! I've been here many times and every single time I leave like I did the time prior, satisfied. Great tasting food, service is excellent, and the park is beautiful.
Great ambiance, simple yet elegant menu, and consistent service and food. I visit Cyclo every other week and it's always a pleasant experience. Plus, to converse with the owner, Justina, is a delight. Witty, fashion and fabuchic!
Eat at moe's all the time, when this one opened up, I simply had to go. Still haven't been let down. Although they could do with giving you more tortilla chips. When I went it was filled about 4 inches with a burrito and beans in it.
Okay coffee. But I think people only go here to see girls in lingerie make coffee! Haha but if that's what people like!
Good size portion but service here has never been great. They don't come around and check how your doing or if you need refills so pace yourself on your drinks. Food has always been good and plentiful and it's not a bad place if you can get past the service.
Ron Zacapa served here, that's all that is necessary for me to give it 5 stars. Oh the server who kept Meowing at me gets an extra star!
On so many levels, this casino and resort pales in comparison to its peers in customer service in many regards, whether its one bartender serving a hundred plus in the Venetian theater or absolutely horrible sports bar management, the sports books ridiculous policies or simply the poor floor plan design that is completely dysfunctional for hundreds of patrons, avoid them at all costs.
The cauliflower soup and pulled pork sandwich were yummy. Very friendly staff too!
This is a great place to enjoy comfort food any time of the day. They make a really delicious waffle with whipped butter.  The service is always friendly and fast, and the atmosphere is peaceful and relaxing. You can gaze upon the golf course while dining outside or in.
I love this place, has live music every Thursday. Reminds me of L.A. tea house in Korea town. Must haves: matcha frappe, green grape juice and honey bread.
I have been using Sunshine Cleaners for several years and have been extremely satisfied. The employees are very friendly and professional and I would highly recommend them.
Great local place. Excellent burgers, sandwiches and sodas.
Great happy hour... And Joel... The best bartender....
Service was okay, at best. I wouldn't go there again.  They quoted me at thousands of dollars of repairs for my car to pass inspection.  I took it somewhere else and had it done for a fraction of the quote.
The go to take out spot for nights you don't want to cook or go out for dinner. Great Pizza!
Breakfast, nothing worse than cold eggs, cold french toast , would have been better off at a Dennys, not sure how you can mess up breakfast so bad. We even got another plate thinking it was just cold first time. Nope , all bad
I love the sandwiches here!\n\nI always get the pork. Wish they had beef, but pork's pretty awesome, too.
Such a shame this location is slated to close! \n\nBye electronics!\nBye discounted DVDs!\nBye more jobs in Ed... :-(
Not too bad, good prices, food was quick fish and chips. I've had better, I've a lot worse too..so middle of the road for me..but I left full :-)
Saw this place on DDD with Guy Fierie....tried it, and he was right but the one in San Diego was much better...
Absolutely amazing! If you book through the hotel, you also can get a discount! =)
Room was ok,service was average,not a bad hotel on the strip...
Great location, short shuttle ride to/from the airport.   They have super sport cars to rent if you have the $$...I only wish I could get upgraded to them!
Every time I have been to Cafe Sam I have been very disappointed.  On my most recent visit, the waiter was overbearing, the menu confusing, and the food unremarkable.  Avoid this place.
I doubt the owners ever read Yelp BUT....\nWhat's the deal in being closed for one hour from 3-4? It doesn't make sense to me & I'm sure you are missing quite a bit of business.
Great pizza.  It's a great place to with friends to grab some beers and food.  I highly recommend joining the beer club.  They have mini tours usually with seasonal beers and also you get points from food that can be redeemed for money off your purchases.  Service is not that great so be for warned.
Beer was good but food was mediocre at best. I will not be going there ever again because I did not feel welcome. Not impressed with service.
I purchased two salads to serve with Stromboli..both were wilted, orange (old)..threw them away
Great beer on tap. Delicious pizza, appetizers, and food. Small parking lot so you usually valet at peak hours.
I order from Libretto's all of the time, the delivery is FREE and their menu is amazing.  Very good food and very friendly folks.   I 100% recommend them.  They have become my favorite restaurant in Charlotte.
get the chicken and waffles. it's amazing.
I came to this company to learn to fly the Schweitzer 300C with a Certified Flight Instructor named Mike Neal.  The administrative paperwork was intuitive, the aircraft was in good condition, and the flight training was excellent.  I would definitely recommend.
Food is typical BWW, cocktails aren't half bad for a sports bar oh and they have Fosters \"Oil Cans\" jackpot
Wow, A+ ice cream. Really fresh ingredients and call me crazy but ice cream tastes better with a metal spoon. I plan to frequent this place. If you've never tried TARO ice cream get in there and try it before its out of season.
I went in with a tire emergency today and within 45 minutes my problem was taken care of for free. JT the manager was super helpful and Justin, who worked on my car,  did a great job. I'm most definitely coming here next time I need to service my tires.
Save room for dessert. The creme brulee gelato and almond bars here were in-freaking-credible.\n\nA pretty ridiculous selection of foods from around the world.
It's Starbucks. They're everywhere! The one thing I don't like about Starbucks is that they are very inconsistent with their drinks. Some days it taste just how you want it, other days it's too sweet or taste like poop. Work on it Starbucks!
Typical convenience store with a decent selection of snacks and beverages.  I was very happy with the selection of local beers they had.\n\nThe only down side was the fact that the milk they were selling was either already expired or set to expire in the next day or two.
decided to hit me with two months of dues when i moved.
Great setting. Big restaurant but great service. Mediterranean. Halibut was killer - in a soup.  Major dipping action.  A gem!
First time trying the restaurant. Went through the drive thru. Person taking order and collecting the money was very personable. Food was great for the price. \n\nI even like how they ask if you want a placemat if you eat in the car.
Do not come here! This place is packed full of people waiting to have an abortion and it's really gross. They don't take time to explain anything and they will not even let your boyfriend or husband in the ultrasound room if you want him there. You can definitely find help somewhere else where you are not treated like cattle!
Good quality food ...
Fairly well done classic French; cold\nmushrooms in the bouchee app and missed two of the desserts.\n\nCould have been five, but details matter; good time, very relaxed and executed decently.
The place is nice, good atmosphere and such. Now the food... Well, I've had better sushi, especially for the prices they were charging. The drinks were all right, but once again, they were a bit overpriced.
So. Much. Food.  Tasty, but I was a little disappointed in the seafood selections.  The crab legs had very minimal crab meat.  At $36/person I expected better.
Sitting on the patio eating Pate with a nice bottle of wine - can't beat that.  Well you couldn't beat it if the patio didn't look like the inside of my garage.  Indoors is pretty nice and the Pate is good.
The food was ok, but you should try a different chinese restaurant. The last time I went there was around 7pm, and the food was not fresh at all.
Wow, this restaurant is worth every cent my family and I paid. Everything is so delicious. The food is plentiful and very high quality. It was better than I expected. So many options to satisfy your taste buds with every option being delicious. I highly recommend eating here. Next time I visit the strip I will be back.
What a great experience it was with Dr. Battersby!! An incredibly nice and genuine doc! I thought they were extinct... Like the last one was spotted perhaps 50yrs ago. I would def recommend him! He is super professional, takes his time, LISTENS, and very knowledgable!
Typical theme restaurant. Had a good opener of sausage and cheese followed by a chicken salad would eat here again\n\nGood live entertainment too.
Fast, friendly and delicious.\nMy favorite? Large supreme with extra jalepenos.
The BEST veggie burrito ever.  One of the freshest most delicious burritos ever. Something I look forward to eating, every time!!
Wonderful.... The best thai in the berg!!\nThe place is awesome! The service and food are amazing! Place is a bit quiet and hidden but don't be afraid to give it a shot. Everyone that we've sent there loves it. A 10!!
Was expecting a lot more for the price. Their focus is on seafood and I was expecting at least average is not better but it really missed the mark for me. Portions small and seafood not its freshest. Ambiance was nice but a little dated in the lighting and furniture.
Called Pete with a quick repair needed before moving out of our rental, he was prompt and offered a fair price. Would use his services again.
They have delicious vegan gluten free options! Incredibly accommodative. Thank you for a great food experience
I can't even say how the food is. I was here for 20 min, asked a waitress if I could order then she never came back. 15 minutes after that another one said it might be best if I got my own drinks from the bar. Are you kidding me? NEVER going back.
Dull Dull Dull, buffet is awful, entrees dull. Prices are decent which just says you get what you pay fore
Fast service. For the price u don't get much good. The waitress stay 2 feet from your tables watching you eating waiting for you to take a sip of water so they can refill it. So Annoying! Anyway I prefer take out. Good for fast food!
Meat was fantastic -
Bathrooms are always dirty and we waited over an hour for food. Gave them the benefit of the doubt try them again same thing. Will not be back.
Everyday Vegas girls at the door, poor quality for a place like this. Very mediocre over rated bar with ok view of the fountains. Hyde at the Bellagio should stay hidden -- a total disappointment!
I miss Continental - this airline's customer service is non existent!
Food is not bad. Not sure how much they make onsite, seems like they just assemble it.
This place sucks! it is always crowed and very expensive, they have you by the balls, because it is located near green valley casino.
WIngs and fries were bland. The wings were also over cooked.
Absolutely delicious toasted chicken breast, shaved ham, and bacon on French Roll.  The potato salad was better than my mom's!  My mom makes amazing potato salad!!
Food is always fresh and delicious.  The drink selection is interesting but expensive.  Hummus appetizer is very good.  Dumpling appetizer a little too \"fishy\" for me.  The bison burger is perfect.  Love eating on the terrace.
Ugh.
I have never tried portuguesse cusine before. I absolutely loved it! The food is sinfuly delicious! The staff were outstanding. I recommend this place ti everyone!
Needed a simple screw tightened on an implant. Standard screwdriver does it. They quoted me a dentist and 2 specialists and $750.  I have done it myself before but thought I would have a dentist take a look at it.\n\nUpdate went to a different dentist and he tightened it for $59.
Delicious banh xeo and banh cuon! So far never had a bad sandwich here. Lee's sandwiches, the bread is sometimes stale and tastes very bland.\n\nExtra bonus, no minimum amount needed to charge your credit card!
Nice and clean, service is great, noodles were just ok. Don't get me wrong they were made fresh, you can watch the guy making them in the window. I guess I had really high expectations. I would however recommend it and I will return.
With so many bog boxes springing up all over Surprise it's a wonder why there is only one electronics store. At least out of the big ones they best one went in. I like Best Buy because they leave you the hell alone while you shop and will assist when and only when you need it. Decent prices and good selection.
I ate here years ago and then Cibo opened. \n\nLess of a wait, better desserts, affordable wines on the menu, and pizza that was just as good...sorry Bianco. Haven't been back since.....
one the best thai joints out there; crispy rice is a must try. and there's a dish with raw fresh shrimp with a really tasty spicy sauce.  very creative and very good.
Pretty standard McDonald's.
We waited an hour to be seated. The excuse was we needed a highchair. Tow families needing a high chair came in after us and were seated instantly. I received attitude when asking about the reason my family was stilling waiting. I will not go back to this location.
Hotel had a blackout so we called downstairs with our cell phones to see if they would answer- were told to \"lock your doors and don't come out until the lights come back on\"... Could use a clean up.
The salsa was ok, the food was ok. Te staff was nice and helpful. I might stop back in if I was in need of a Mexican fix but I wouldn't go out of my way to go here.
Fancy Thai food. It would be five stars but i think it's overpriced. But the food is just too good.
Excellent food.  Horrible front-end service.
It's as good as they say.  I haven't had a bad flavor at this place and the real-Italian owners are super nice and helpful.  Last night I had the Chocolate-Orange flavor which took me back to those Christmas memories without the waxy buildup.  Love it!
This place is for people who are looking for 'mexican food' with a white trash spin on it...it's good if you like that kind of thing. I'd way rather go to any old Roberto's. Their Chips and Salsa is the only thing they have going for them.
Had the LTD. What's funny is the fried squash chips were EXCELLENT. The BBQ items were good. Decent meal deal for $24.
I'd been wanting to check this place out for a while. Turns out they have vegan options. I had the gardein chicken taco's, they were okay. A little dry for my taste and small portions for a Mexican restaurant in my opinion.
Great food. Get take out though...
Ate there last night. I have been going there for years. We ordered the chicken Marcella and the pork loin.  The chicken was grisley and spongy as if it had been microwaved. The chops were bland and the green beings were soggy. I have no idea what has happened to this place.
For the price, you really can't beat this place. It's not like the other overpriced restaurants on The Strip, so you can eat your fajitas and get filled up without getting your pockets emptied at the same time. Bring your appetite, as the portions are more than large enough.
You know you have arrived in Las Vegas when there are slot machines in the airport.
Went for cheesecake. It was busy and loud, but decent service and the cheesecake didn't disappoint.
Great beers.  The peanut stew is out of this world!
Went there on a whim with some friends and we were pleasantly surprised. My suggestion - order the bacon board and cheese fries as an appetizer. You won't be disappointed. The wait staff was friendly, the food was amazing, and the prices were decent. Definitely plan on returning.
Typical airport 'Bucks. Everyone is so friendly.  Strong Americano hit the spot after an early morning.  Woke me up!  Thanks to the staff.
WORSE customer service EVER! My boyfriend and I were even staring at the girl working there wondering at which point she would smile. Everyone was just rude and the pizza was absolutely terrible. It was slimy because of the grease and the dough was undercooked. Seriously, don't waste your money.
Found a rusted metal thread in my burritto...supposedly from the grill cleaning brush per the waitress. They didn't charge me for it...however I ain't going back!! Beware - check your food!!
Awesome!! Worth the wait for a table. Soft pretzels with cheese and mustard were excellent. We also shared a club sandwich and fries which we really liked a lot. Service was prompt, coffee was delicious, and so were the bloody Mary's. Have been there twice already and would certainly recommend it.
Horrible. Stopped in for a drink and had to walk out. Not my kind of crowd. Plus, the woman bartending didn't even notice me walk up to bar and went to the back. I gave her 2 minutes to come back out but that didn't happen. Just bad.
Quick service, good food at a good price.  Love the atmosphere, food choices and the bar in the back.   Whether a table for 2 or 8, this is the place to go.
LOVE their Chicago Dog!  The food is well priced and made well, the breads, meats and veggies are wonderful.  The service has never been bad, and always friendly.   If you like meat and even not, there are salads, skip Paradise across the street and try this instead!
Thanks for the business Stussy!
Take your snotty faces to Scottsdale, this is Metro Phoenix...
Not a fan of Americanized pho.
Had a great time here while visiting Montr\u00e9al... Perfect location in old Montr\u00e9al. Patio open till late night with a romantic vibe and live Jazz music! Food was innovative, though tasted okay..
What a great find! Coffee is strong and tasty. Oatmeal is very good as are the breakfast sandwiches with very fresh and high quality ingredients. Efficient, prompt and very friendly service. We'll be back!
eh, no thanks!\n\nIt is just american-ized Mexican food and there is something in their cooking (spice/oils) that tends to not agree with me later so we have stopped going.
As a frequent visitor to Las Vegas. I went there last night for the first time saturday 2/5/11. I had an awesome time. Great atmosphere and the drinks were very reasonable for such a hot nightclub. Can't wait to visit again.
Dont order the porkbelly!unless you like raw shit! Food is terrible !! Service is even worse
Any bakery that is by appointment only should not have a huge marquee and have posted on there doors that it is appointment only.  And then when you walk in look around confuse a man with a box of raw meat shouldn't treat you like a hobo looking for a place to squat
The spicy french fries served here are enough by themselves to keep me coming back. The salads are delicious and come in gigantic quantities. You cannot go wrong when ordering any one of their pita sandwiches.
Having only been there twice, I can't really say I know the entire menu. I liked the burger that I had there. And I really liked the drink they make there called the \"Purple Rain.\"
I LOVE Yard House! It is definitely one of my favorite restaurants. They have a big selection of food and draft beers. I've never had a meal that wasn't delicious! I took away a star only because the service at this location can be a major hit or miss.
I purchased earrings for my rehearsal dinner here and could not be more pleased. Everyone commented on how beautiful they were and couldn't believe that I got them for such a steal!
AMAZING!  Lots of security to go through to get in but the grounds are great.  So relaxing and private.  The houses in the neighborhood are to die for!
If you like blonde bimbos waiting on you and sports on tv with none of the patrons, workers, owners, even being a bit friendly, then go here. \n\nAs for me, I don't think I'll ever give it another shot.  Fail.
My second and last visit here .they rush too much to get people in and off. Prices is little more than average  places the service is ok. I do not recommend
One bedroom penthouse suite 32nd floor in tower one was amazing! Great view of MGM grand pools & city. Very clean & quiet. Ordered room service at midnight for an 8:30 am delivery- on time and was great. Had a wonderful two nights there and would recommend everyone to stay at the MGM Grand Signature.
Love their sushi here..always fresh, Yogis has a good lunch special Chicken Teriaki bowl with a drink for $6.99 .. It's a must try
Basically all you do is walk from computer to computer, to computer. I thought I would be able to physically do some \"detective work\" like looking for clues or maybe dust for finger prints with baby powder or look thru a microscope for fake DNA or a least something interesting, but no, nothing fun. Total disappointment.
Typical fox fashion, epic atmosphere, beautiful staff-- oh and the food is great too ;) wasn't surprised when I learned its a fox concept. reluctantly went, pleasantly surprised!
Yum yum yum. Hungry for Gyros? This is your place.
Worst experience I have ever had. They jacked my car up in the wrong spot and bent a piece of the frame on my brand new 2014 corolla causing the fender to bend out of place. Do not goto this place these guys are illegals and have no idea what they are doing.
It was the best coffeeshop in all of Madison. And then it closed (was it 2003 or 2004?) So, so sad.
As others noted the place has a cool touristy atmosphere. That IS its only redeeming quality. The food was sub-Denny's, the service was just OK; we left after our dinner to go out for dinner somewhere else.
For Vegas, prices aren't horrible BUT the portions are small almost ridiculously small. Don't come hungry! Food is ok at best and 21% service charge included in the price is nuts
The first trip was great. my second one....nope. must've given me the worst cupcake left over from their worst batch. yes the interior is \"cute\" and the staff was ok a little stand offish but they did their job. i won't be back because of the lack of consistency.
The best value downtown hands down. Friendly helpful staff, clean as a whistle, close to a lot if great places to eat. My only complaint was that there was no soap/shampoo holder in the shower. I will definitely go back.
Best in Boulder.  Next to the bong shop so the clientele reflect a hipper crowd than this boomer's but the food is so good and cheap
Very friendly staff.  Nice ambiance.  But 5.50 for a beer?  Come on.  That's just ridiculous.  Won't be back.  It's not about money....it's about Principle, baby!
Wings are delicious, lemon pepper are my favorite and reasonably priced and fast. Fried pickels are bomb too, Only problem i had was the kids working there kind of a dont care attitude but the older employees were good
The tacos were incredible!  The rice and beans weren't that great, they were very bland.  People were very friendly and the prices were reasonable.  I would suggest it to everyone!
Drove by; never stopped until about 2 months ago...A huge fan now!!!  The biscuits & gravy, the pancakes, the muffalata sandwich; yum, yum, yum...Will definately be back on a regular basis...
had the bean burro. can't really mess up beans, but their hot sauce is too tomato-ey and not spicy enough.
We have eaten here hundreds of times over the past 15ish years. This place has gone down hill fast. The owners opened up a new place down the street and are now nowhere to be seen. The food quality has suffered along with the service. I miss the old Jalapeno's, please bring back the quality!
Stopped in to try this place.  No hostess, no sign to say seat yourself.  Stood by the empty hostess stand for 10 minutes.  No employee made eye contact with me despite walking by on numerous occasions.  I left.  If they don't care enough to even seat their guests, then I don't care if I ever try it again.
This is my favorite place! Beer is good! Food is good! And happy hour is good! I haven't had anything yet that I have not liked. You have to try it for yourself.
Great pizza at a great price the fresh pizza is wonderful the take and bake one just  ok but better than most frozen pizza
Great music good friendly staff good food. GREAT VIEW
Close to my house, friendly women, my regular Stylist are always available whenever I arrive, great fades, great price, I'm a regular here now and I will  keep coming back! :)
I agree the bubble drinks are very good, but I need more than that when going out for dinner. I order Pad Thai every chance I get and this was not good. There was very little tofu which was ok considering it was soggy and tasteless anyway. Overall, it was inferior to other local restaurants I have tried.
It's a glorified and expensive Long John Silver's. Greasy fried seafood but 5 times the price.
Worst Dennys in the southwest! The food was smothered in grease and the pancakes had left over char from past cooked food! Oh and I didn't get silverware until I was seated.
I love this place!! Great food, great selection of brews, and the most awesome staff. I can't wait to come back to Pittsburg so I can hang out here again!! Thank you Becky for being a great bartender!!
Excellent establishment! My family always enjoy the peanuts & the biscuits. Their entrees are always good with sweet potatoes.
I do t get this place, coffee is weak, sandwiches are terrible and service is confused and slow. If I want gelato it's great, but seriously better food at Crema down the road.
Had lunch with The Lunch Group today. It was my first time there. Great place to eat and the inside was awesome. Go check it out
American all the way
3.5 stars!! The burritos are pretty decent, and with these prices, they're even better. My favorite is the Carne Asada Fries. Tender prices of beef, all the delicious toppings of a nacho dish, but replaced with fries. Yum!
Scary, crazy busy at like midnight, horribly slow checkers, rude staff, and this is literally where the \"People of Walmart\" reside. 'Nuff said.
I take my two Lhasa Apsos to Lulu's. They do an amazing job. One of my dogs is very feisty but they are so good with her.
His prices can't be beat.  He was punctual and helpful - even when he was on vacation he sent us a quote on TWO systems.  We're very happy with our new A/C.  Highly recommend.
For the kid in all of us, too bad a lot of the games were out of order.\n\nWent there a couple years ago to hear a friends band, not a great place to hear  a show, the acoustics suck.
Nice to see that the city has not only brought in some more dirt, but has also drilled holes to promote drainage. Well, that's something.  Thank you!
I have no words.  I only have a giddy grin on my face and visions of pretty heels whirling around my head. \n\n(And the staff won't judge you for drooling.)
Great food, clean a bit old but nice
Not worth the money and the food sucks! Prime Rib was fully cooked, food was not flavorful and small selection of food.
So tasty, reasonably priced, cozy and clean inside and such friendly and courteous staff. What a treasure! I just got a gyro plate tonight, but I'll be back to try more of the menu for certain!
This place stole my fiance. \n\n....At least when he is missing I know where to find him! \n(and he brings me home their awesome chicken wings) \nhahaha
Had the savory crepes - Chicken Caesar and Ham and Cheese.  They were delicious, even reheated (had left overs).  Friendly owner, cute shop.  Reasonable prices.  A must try when you're in the neighborhood!
I absolutely love Dolce. Celia is the best when it comes to hair and if you want amazing nails ask for Sidney only. I am the pickiest person you will ever run into and these people manage to make me happy every time.
It took an hour and a half to get seated. A family that couldn't bother to read their coupon was give a free meal and priority seating because they were causing a scene and the food s not really that great. I would avoid it at all costs.
Their new, fish with mango and thai curry is AMAZING! Nicely cut fresh mango; with a mild spicy thai curry with perfectly grilled fish. Makes a great combination!!
We waited hours to get in by the time we got in I was not hungry... I did not see anything exceptional so crowded .   I guess if you love crab legs then enjoy. but i dont eat that....  Disappointed... and expensive!   I rather pay that price and have a nice sit down dinner!
The service was very slow, which got us a free desert.  I am not sure that was worth it.
My favorite appetizers are Avocado Eggrolls and Stuffed Mushrooms. \nMy favorite dishes are Shrimp and Chicken Gumbo and Chicken Bellagio.
I took my iPhone 4s in today to get fixed. They fixed my screen, speaker and microphone in less than 30 minutes. \nThe guys were really friendly and my phone came back good as new.
This was a blast.  An absolute joy and gut wrenchingly funny. Great comfortable seats at the Wynn and a banging choice of a musical.  Good stuff -- money well spent
Seriously?! Dress code for chinese food? I just came to get a bite to eat and they refused service. Price is high for chinese food and no matter what they try to do its still just regular chinese food.
Excelent, excelent, excelent!\nI have been a customer for years its always great!
I had the fish taco and rice....it's was fabulous and really fresh. Loved it.
Decided to go to Nico's for lunch the other day.  The carne asada burrito was awesome as usual. . .the pollo asada burrito was terrible.  It wasn't what i ordered.  It was a really just a chicken burrito.\n\nSalsa was good.
The people working at this store are awesome- they remembered me the both times I went in.  I will drive to this Autozone over the others because they are so friendly.  There was a line both times, but with the summer heat in AZ, a lot of people needed new batteries.  Bottom line- great Autozone!
Awesome show! Speechless! David Copperfield is the man! The seats were comfortable and the shoe was entertaining throughout. I would definitely recommend for a fun night out with drinks. I would always recommend to pre party because the drinks are kinda expensive but all and all a mind boggling fun experience for all ages.
I am so excited BYT is back, this place is good.  The reasons I am rating it 3 stars is because the portions are small.  I would suggest ordering a quesadilla.  Both the Carne Asada and Chicken meat are good. The Place is really clean and good looking inside.
Service is consistently underwhelming.   The attractive AND competent servers probably work on the strip.  Food is usually good for bar fare.  Probably won't be back since there are so many other options in the area.
La shish is one of the best places to eat middle eastern food in charlotte. I eat here frequently. The service is always fast. The food tastes really good and it s really cheap for an exceptional quality of food.
- 2 stars...... Not Mexican food.  Ate 3 bites of nachos.  Which Did not come with salsa.  Cost 20.00. It was disgusting.  Manager blamed it on the casino.
Horrible customer service. There salon was darn near empty when I arrived and was told that there would be a 20 minute wait. The receptionist seemed too busy getting to the next level of candy crush to even make eye contact when I came in. I walked out without getting served. It didn't seem like she cared.
Overall good. The person you order from must be new. She didn't have very good knowledge about the menu. She put my appetizer in last so my actual food came out before the app. Quick service and inviting atmosphere.
I liked the place.friendly guy at the counter that was knowledgable and courteous! Will return because they service carmax cars
Prices are really cheap, but bad interior. Beers is warm and live band is not good. A lot older crowd than expecting for Saturday night. Average age is 50+  \n\nDidn't eat because entire appetizer menu is deep fried, but the prices were good, just wish beer was cold.
The food was very overpriced, especially for a tapas bar. The sardines were not very good, and difficult to pick through all the bones. Also, I'd like to see more vegetarian options on the menu.
The barista was nice. Made an effort to speak with me (in passenger seat) when my boyfriend was drooling out the window. ;) Wasn't a fan of the coffee, though.
Walgreens is Walgreens but it annoys me that their prices are higher here than at other stores. I understand that 4th and Fremont is a big tourist area but locals go there as well. It's just annoying.
Huge portions. Friendly service and large portions of whatever you order. Looking forward to trying more items on the menu when we return. The best breakfast place in the Fremont area.
Love this place! I still kinda like the one on Central slightly better, but this has a cool inside/outside vibe and being next to LGO is awwesome!
Awesome color selection. The staff was so friendly. The salon is clean, modern, with very comfy chairs for a pedicure. Would definitely go back if I'm in Phoenix again!
Dr. Hoban and her staff are awesome.  I have two children (5 and 7) and they are always happy to go to the dentist.  Dr. Hoban is extremely attentive and helpful and the staff are excellent with kids.  I highly recommend Dr. Hoban.
It's office depot, nothing spectacular here. The customer service is really good. I came here to get printer ink, and they have a huge selection. You're pretty much guaranteed to find all your office supplies in one location here.
Excellent food and outstanding service!  Pricey, yes, but it's a nice restaurant in a nice casino in Vegas, what do you expect?
They have let this hotel fall apart. The Elevators are scary from all the shaking and squealing. The floors are dirty, the paint is peeling.  The room smelled like weed, and the cocktail waitress only serve the tables. Other than that, I loved the room and the staff was friendly.
5 Star Top Notch Agency!!  This office is a team of professionals that are; intelligent, accurate, compassionate, timely with follow up and very knowledgeable. We are always impressed when we send them referrals and get overwhelming positive feedback from the clients.
This place was really amazing. They have a great menu and very creative dishes. I had the fillet relleno, wash it down with a ice cold michelada and you're set.
I put my debit card on hold for a tab but my friends ended up picking up the bill. They ended up charging me for all the drinks even though I never signed for anything. Dishonest.
I love Settebello! Napoli style pizza rocks my socks off! Get the Diavola pizza if you like spicy! Mmmm
yum.yum yum \n\nBIG portions i love the gangster atmosphere....
Good food way over priced & Extremely small portions. Spent $80 and had to go to applebees after to get more food! Not recommended if your actually\n hungry.
Fantastic New Nail Salon ! I'm SupeR picky x10 & Skylar gave me an new set of Acrylics Exactly how I like!
Solid fast Mexican food.  Enchiladas, nachos, and rolled tacos are good.  Will try more stuff later.
Grandpas pizza worst service ever and they refused to serve us at 11:15 pm. You're supposed to be open until midnight.  You suck and we will never be back. We will also be sure that no one else we know will cever come to your establishment.  You suck.
To celebrate my husband's recent success we treated ourselves to a fantastic dinner at Alex on 9/25/10.  The decor was amazing, the service spot on and the meal was out of this world delicious.  Top notch!
Great small club for intimate shows.  \n\nDepending on what you order, drinks can be expensive.
I couldn't have asked for more when I needed legal assistance. Terry Fong's honesty and speed to assist me with what I needed was more than I could have asked for. If you are looking for a great attorney, look no further. Terry Fong Law Group is wonderful!!!
They had great, fresh Mexican food and good prices. Service was pretty slow the time i was there for dinner, though.
Pretty rough first attempt here. No silverware. Mediocre service. Asked for water three times before we got it. Sure it will get better as it is a new place but pretty rough thus far.
Nowhere else quite like betos. If you love cheese and like trying something different this place is awesome.  I grew up in Pittsburgh and get back rarely,  but when I do I go out of my way to grab a couple slices!
I go here all the time because it is close. I politely but firmly tell them the was I want. If the windshield vampires swarm I tell them I don't have glass coverage. I usually end up with a clean car at a fare price.
Great little resturaunt right outside the Paris Hotel with a nice view. We had breakfast and the service and food was great.
A whole bigass store full of overpriced bike gear!!! How cool.\n\nHowever, its cool to have a store like that in the neighborhood. In case you may need $600 riding jacket in a hurry.\n\nMe? I bought $5.99 luggage net from them ;)
One of the best and most attentive bartenders around.  Justin is the effin man.  Great selection and service.  Food is better than average.
If you ever thought it was impossible to wait too long in the drive-thru, while you are the ONLY person there.....drop in on this hole in the wall.  It is possible!
Gotta be some of the best cheesesteaks I've ever had. People are very friendly and fast! A must for steak lovers!
Now that they have completely changed and revamped their menu, I am no longer a fan. The cashiers and everyone else are still great but the quality of the food has plummeted. I cannot recommend this place for the pricey sandwiches without quality to back it up.
Really poor quality for Wynn.  And Wynn desperately needs yummy casual dinning!  \n\nIf ya like meat sandwiches; and I mean meat and bread come here!  Not tasty at all!  French fries were delicious, only high point.\n\nMaybe try a wrap or salad?
Love this place, the best house salad and you get a bonus croissant, yummy! I have yet to have something on the menu that wasn't great! And the service is always on point!
I know it's busy here, but all I want to do is buy a MacBook Air and get out of here. Unfortunately I'm waiting here 20 minutes while all the \"genius'\" stand around watching their clients play. Am I the only one wanting to buy here and they are too busy or me? Poor service..
Service was great! A little noisy but a vibrate sushi Resturant.  Had various sushi rolls which were average along with the ginger bread pudding, which was a surprise on how good it was.  I would go back for an appetizer and drink maybe.  Not impressed with the \"Fried Chicken\".
Delicious food and drinks! Very affordable! Great for people who like sports!
really good sushi rice. was expensive but Yeah
Steaks were amazing.  Had the bone in filet mignon, and it was very good.  Service was excellent.  Most steakhouses leave the sides on the table to serve it yourself.  Here they bring extra staff to serve the sides to each guest before they leave it on the table.  Great restaurant!
Good coffee, nice service!
The food was good, but this place didn't 'Wow' me.\n\nI had a turkey burger (on a Friday in Lent, God help me), which was pretty good, but I've had better. The fries were really good. And the hot fudge milkshake was super yummy!
We tried the Bellagio Buffet and the Wynn Buffet, nothing worth those around $50 per person. But McDonald's is always McDonald's, cheap and fast and fair price.
The manager Nathan is very rude and doesn't have the first clue about customer service. As a regular Pizza Hut customer if this were my regular store, they would have lost a customer today. The next time my store has an issue I'll order Papa Johns instead of coming here.
I'm not a fan because it's just a typical themed restaurant/bar with at best average quality offerings. It's just like Diablos. But if you want to just get meh drinks and food that costs more than it's worth, then this should do the trick. Nothing special.
this is now a mexican bar w/ a hot dog cart out front on the weekends. Marinos De Camillo or something like that. Very small parking lot but the only bar in the neighborhood
Mahdi is my go too guy but ever since the new crew came in they are so rude man its like they don't want my money or something.... but go to Mahdi he's the man he will do what he can to make you happy ....
Exfoliation, hot sauna, clay bath, cold plunge, meditation, massage...yes please and thank you!
I love Tropical Smoothie, but this location is terrible. I had to wait 11 minutes in the drive through (I timed it) and I couldn't leave because there was someone in front and behind me. The staff seems nice, but the service is slow and their orders are inaccurate.
SRP should have notified me that my electricity had transferred to my landlord on July 1st but instead I baked for 36 hours in Arizona sun while I waited for the electricity to come back on.\n\nWas definitely not a fun time
Big fat YUM! Great drinks, delicious food! TPC has an atmosphere that is bright and airy for dining. The bar has fun lights over each table that harken of yesteryear.
Decent pho place for not having to drive to Spring Mountain. Would definitely go back again.
Reserved online for the next morning. They called 30min before my scheduled pickup and even got here 15 min early when I told them I was ready anytime!  Took credit card and all was smooth.
The food is always cold and bland, it taste like they put no effort into preparing. It's over priced. My husband and I with our one child is like $32. The food reminds me of 99cent entree type chinese food. bleh!!
If you want to get your hands dirty this is the spot!  Crab & beer, no frills, but very good.
Good cheap choice for quick breakfast in the run through the airport.
Overall good experiance. They really need to kick it in to high gear at check in, otherwise good place.
It was slow when I came in on a Sunday evening. Great customer service. Overall, it was a nice place to hang out and grab some refreshment. I love the drinks here! Be sure to check-in on Yelp to get $1 off of your drink.
This place is great! Walk you through the different options. Very easy to work with and got my car done right away! Best service and my car looks great! Highly recommend!
Plenty of Bull going on behind the scenes at this establishment
I always have to wait 30 min, its like Walmart all over again, 10 people in line 2 employees and the manager... Should have to wait so long...
It was OK. I only got a boba tea and it didn't really impress me. The place looks a lot like a Subway sandwich shop, but has a lot more variety.
They did a good job, not perfect, but I haven't found a car wash that is.  Staff was friendly and they were speedy enough.  Average prices.
Not the first fat burger that I have had and will not be the last. Good burger better fries. One thing I will say there was only two girls working and they were a little busey and those two did a good job getting food out.
Meh.  The environment is cool, old-time Madison (love the 50s menu on the wall), the servers are great, but the food's only so-so.  Huge portions, but nothing special.    If you get the corned beef hash, ask for it crispy, otherwise it's too mushy.
The wings are substandard, service was okay. There are so many better places for wings. I don't understand why this place is popular, my guess would be the TVs.
Dr. Stickland is the best vet anyone could ask for. She has done two surgeries on my dog and both times everything turned out perfect. She is so caring and very friendly. I highly recommend her to everyone. Keep up the good work.
Staff was rude,prices were to high, wondered why nobody was there... Well go to golden spoon or DQ
I guess my palate just doesn't appreciate the coffee these guys serve up. For those of you you do like their stuff... Enjoy!
Great place, I love that they have a veggie bowl option.  Make sure when you order it though you specify that you want sauce on it otherwise it just comes out with veggies and rice.\n\nService is always quick and friendly and the price is great.
Weather your #paleo, #glutenfree , #vegan or just want great #healthy you can't go wrong with Lyfe delicious and healthy food.
Does Buzzberry not use espresso shots in their iced lattes anymore? I ordered an iced latte, and they didn't use any espresso shots, but a cold premixed coffee base. It tastes horrible!
Really nice food, fast service and staff are all friendly , very good hygiene too.\nIt is open at lunch time and the prices are very reasonable and affordable, they charge less for school children wearing school uniform and they are very child friendly.
We haven't been impressed with the donuts here. They are much more doughy than we like and the maple icing on the maple bar doesn't have much flavor. We've definitely had better donuts elsewhere.
Love the Buffalo Chicken Pizza! I don't recall ever having anything that I didn't like at this restaurant though!
Great drinks.  Great desserts.  Okay food.
I love this place. Everything I have ever had here is yummy! Not once has my order been wrong. Plus the $5 for 5 tacos is great!
Bliss has a breakfast sandwich I a pretzel bun. I can not think of a name more fitting for such a wonderful experience. Amazing inexpensive cocktails (even the \"skinny\" drinks are heaven) Friendly service even when a million people are there. I love this place. Can't wait to go back!
Worst, slowest service I've ever had. God I hate Vegas. Dirty and mediocre everywhere but this is rock bottom. Breakfast  chorizo burrito was ok. Everything else was garbage.
I just bought three blouses for work for $27 at Turn Style.  Yay!  They were in good condition and fit me well.  Too bad I couldn't find any good skirts or pants in my size.  I do, however, plan on returning to see what else comes in.
Love it.  It's like the Daily Show of Newspapers.  You can find it anywhere around campus and in lots of locations all over Madison.  I have literally laughed outloud while reading it.  Don't miss it!
Great General Tao. A few veggies wouldn't hurt... But the sauce was a perfect mild spicy. Will have to go back a try something different!
I don't get it? This place is always packed and the food is only ok. Maybe its the fact that the price is reasonable but as far as quality and authenticity, I would go elsewhere
Amazing love the food and the drinks. Works of  Advice the drinks are strong but good
Wont go back.  Very little seating in bar area.
First time here.. no customer service at all checking in and out. They are so rude. . Room was very dusty and old. You have to pay for wireless Internet.  I wouldn't recommend this place.
Meh... They're just OK.. I got their pull pork sandwich, wasn't much flavor going on. I had to add in hot sauce to make it taste like something! Service was pretty slow, it wasn't even that busy at all! I had better, that's all I had to say!
Pho done right in this joint people. Don't really like much else on the menu at this locale.
The crab benedict was delicious! We only tried the restaurant for breakfast so I can't rate the rest of their menu.
Business CLOSED... no call cancelling appointment.  Very poor form - purchased a three pack of facial/pedi's and doubt I will see any refund :(
Need a new Management !!!! ...understaffed, chicken tikka have no flavor.... they cut down on the Buffet  menu items.... had to ask for water ...one waitress for the whole place ...this place is not the same .....
Average steaks (but expensive), so-so service (manager very nice, server rude), overall okay experience but 5 star pricing.  Not recommended.
Kalua Pig is THE BEST!!! Had the Combo Bowl with Kalua Pig and Pulehu Beef and it was delicious. Staff is friendly and so many flavors to take in... I also tried the bark and it was a bit Rich but still a great finish.
Always have to get the Pollo Fundido.  Can't go wrong with that.  It's even better on Wednesday's.  $5.
Terrible experience. Worst service ever. We should call room service 3 time to get some thing.\nWhen we get there the shampoos in the bathroom were half used! Disgusting!
Probably the best fish and chips I've had in Montreal so far! They can literally fry anything it seems and they do a good job presenting customers with hearty portions. The service can get slow at times, but definitely a place to check out in Old Montreal!
I didn't know it was possible to mess up macaroni and cheese. Mac Shack has proven me wrong. Twice.
terrible service, food wasn't even decent, prices were average. I think the only type of ethnic food was the Mexican food. and pretty cool that they have their own name beer. was alright.\n\n\nI wish I knew this place sucked so badly before even thinking of coming here.
Misleading menu!!! Just ate here and paid 4.50 for a cup of chili and a dollar extra for cheese... Save your self some time and money and go to little Cesar's; Get yourself a hot and ready... Probably won't go here again...
Best Bar in Squirrel Hill.  Even if it's in Greenfield.  Parking is on the street but not too bad.
Great food and do a mean miso soup if u go for the sushi! Everything else I have had here is good too but they do a better job on there sushi
Kent did my 3/4 sleeve and it turned out excellent. Excellent artist and great customer service!
One of my favorite Outlets in the USA next to only the Seattle premium outlets. The parking garage is shit show on the weekend so stay away on the weekend! This place is like a United Nations so, great people watching just don't get frustrated if they are in front of you in line.
This little sushi place in Ayrsley is good for lunch.  Friendly and quick service.  The menu is standard and they've got a good enough sushi menu to get by.  Prices are what you'd expect - about $7 for a roll.  They've got other non-sushi dishes too.
food was just ok.. service was  horrible and staff was rude, lots of staff standing behind the counter, but had to wait about 10 min just to order, took another 15 min to get a sandwich.. tables were plentiful but dirty..
Great food. Nice size portions. The employees are very nice. I highly recommend this place.
Food was good. Service was a little slow. Only the owner and one wait person waiting and serving tables.
My chicken was Dry. Capitol D. And I was drunk, so I should have destroyed this chicken taco plate. Visited on a Thursday afternoon.
Bubba's Bagels. Don't even bother getting them. I've only seen them at Walmart. They taste old, crumbly.
I stopped in there lastnight about 3am and had to buy headlights for my truck not only did the guys help me find them the manager came out and installed then for me ! I can see now ! Thank you so much!
I expected better service from a restaraunt in the Bellagio.
Location closed in 2010
Absolutely loved it here. Shrimp tacos were awesome and Jenna was a great server.
Amazing.  Finest ingredients and everything is made from scratch and cooked to perfection.  There's no reason for me to describe the food because when I say perfect I mean it.  You need to try it if you are in Madison, but good luck since the restaurant has very limited seating.  Brunch food at it's very best.
$5 you can't beat this place.  You get either tamarind chicken and rice with a vegan side, or three vegan dishes with rice.  the potato with chickpeas is very good.  otherwise, the sides tend to be on the bland side.
Burger special was good, didn't pay extra to replace french fries for zucchini. Another day I ordered French Toast and that was delicious. Just a little pricey but overall it's good.. Friendly Service at this location..
Excellent vacation!  I still dream about sitting at the fire pit with a glass of wine!
Looking forward to Memorial Day Weekend at Chase Field.  Best ballpark in the West !\n\nGo D-Backs !
Good breakfast burritos, all other food looks good too
Sometimes the services is slow with seating and serving. The food is really good. I always recommend the chicken chopped salad. My wife loves the Italian Wedding soup. My suggestion is order for pickup or delivery.
Went in on 3-8-14..was seated after waiting for a few minutes.. Hostess took our drink order and brought us drinks... No ever came to our table after that.. Waited 15 minutes til we walked out.. Left a few bucks for the 1 soda my nephew ordered. Never coming back.
Slade, you can spin that any way you want but for you to dispute the facts as I know it in a public forum is beyond bad business practices. You seem offended that I complained that I never received my order as promised, not until Living Social became involved.  I'll be sure to add my comments on my social media as well.
Flowers arrangements are phenomenal. Prices are fair. Customer service is key. They value your opinion and really help guide to your like. My flowers died probably because of our fault, they replaced what died three days later! I'm forever a customer!
Very friendly staff, great food and got free dessert as they participated in restaurant week!  The food kept coming as much as we wanted and cooked/seasoned perfectly!
Poor service, indifferently cleaned food, and weak seasoning.  The menu also didn't match the food actually served, so I got to eat pork for the first time since my conversion 20 years ago.  \nThey were FAR from apologetic. We will not be back.
I wish hotels had better quick service breakfast places. Everything looked so heavy and was overpriced. I really could not find a low calorie, healthy breakfast selection.  I finally settled on a yogurt parfait (if you call that healthy) and coffee.  Total was $14 - really?  At least the coffee was good.
Pretty good!  Coconut shrimp and sesame chicken is awesome.  Crab puffs are great too.
This place is amazing! The beef is ground fresh on site. I even saw them bread and fry their own unfrozen chicken tenders.  They also have tater tots and sweet potato fries. Service is fast and makes for a good lunch spot.
Good food but odd that they lost my lunch order. Thanks to those manning the counter who realized I was waiting and filled the order on the spot.
Cashier handles food without washing his hands; and I'm talking about direct contact with actual food, not food containers. No place is perfect but it seemed like the guy didnt even care. Doesn't matter how the food taste if its not clean. Will not go back.
UPDATE:\nWent in for a bowl of Pho, watied 30 mintues, walked out.  When I notified them how long I had been waiting they magically found my food and offered to make it to go.  They should have comped it after a 30 min wait.  I am never going back.
Went to the Jazz brunch last weekend. The setting is beautiful and the staff very attentive. The food was high quality although the selection a bit limited. The per person price of 65$ was a bit high. Glad we went but not a good value.
place to party after the regular parties shut down.
This lame boat/truck hybrid ran me off the road into a pole as I was riding my bike. Stay off the bike path or move to the side. Learn how to drive. \n\nPay attention to what you are doing or next time you will hurt somebody.
This Harkins theater is always clean, the employees are friendly and the loyalty shirt and cup make for some great deals. The popcorn is great too.
I ordered pork fried rice. That's it and it was AMAZING!!! My girlfriend ordered the veggie fried rice and loved it also!!! The fried rice did not disappoint. Not one bit. I will be back to grab more of this delicious rice soon!!!
The wings are good here and always love getting the habanero mango, but the service the last time I went here was horrible, server was a bitch from the beginning and ruined the experience at this location, the manager didn't seem to care when we complained too.
Best mini burgers ever and Fat Tire on tap.  How can you go wrong?
This is an EXCELLENT restaurant. The owners are very gracious and the food is fresh and delicious. I recommend the Pho (P2)... yummmmm
I've eaten here twice, once at their main location and once at their airport location and I've been disappointed both times. The food is good but not great and the prices are high. In my opinion, not worth it.
I was very surprised how good this place was. Obviously a local favorite judging by the patrons. All seemed to know each other and having a good time.  This will become one of my local stops for sure.
Apparently the policy here is \"I can't serve you water unless you buy a drink\". Greedy ASS Mother Fuckers!
Food is good but employees are rude! I would say the food is above average for a breakfast/deli but it seems like every time I go to sunrise cafe I end up dealing with an over-stressed, over-worked employee who acts annoyed to be serving me.
Great beer selection.  The wings and sauce were out of this world.  Cool restaurant.  Loud inside on a busy night.
This place was disgusting with filthy carpets and very outdated. You can get much more for your money somewhere else, I only stayed because it was pouring rain out and very late.
Great atmosphere and good first date place. Try the bruschetta it was awesome. Menu simple but very good!
The food was typical Taco Bell, not great, but filling enough and hot.  It appears that they have raised their prices, and their drive through was slow as all get out, but the service was friendly.
Before evening get to review the food:\n\nOne cashier , 10 people in line. You get the picture.
Hands down, this is my forever favorite place in Las Vegas. It's grimey, weird & 100% punk rock. Staff is wonderful as well as the regulars... It truly is \"the happiest place on earth\". For those who can hang that is... ;)
Love this place. Tim did my nails and he took his time,was kind and gentle! I will be back!! :)
Carlos did an amazing job with my hair.  The highlights are incredible and I get compliments all the time.  He is a master at his craft.
Large buffer, but not many food items.\nThe items they had were not that great ... The food quality is comparable to any regular cheap buffet.\nDefinitely not worth the price !
slow service, even after told server we had a time constraint, salad was soggy, enchiladas were hastily thrown together.  Ugh.  A sandwich from the cooler would have been a better choice.
I consistently have a positive experience when ordering t-shirts from Opportunitees for my work at Arizona State University. The staff are friendly and professional, the products are high quality with competitive pricing. I'm definitely a repeat customer!
Mmmmm. Yummy secret sauce. Dippin the chicken, swimmin the fries, and soaking the bread in it.\nI've been to Cane's in New Orleans, Columbus, and Vegas. The crew at this store are super friendly and helpful - as is true with ALL the stores.
I only wish they sold 8-10lb bags of their crushed ice. Convenient spot for lottery tickets.
My daughter and I ate here and thought the food was good. We ordered spring rolls,  eggplant in garlic sauce and the sweet & pungent potatoes. It was a little difficult communicating because of the language barrier though.
Came here for a notary. Had around 4-5 documents. I think the total was around $10. Guy working here was very quick and efficient. Couldn't ask for more!
If I could give zero stars I would. Waiting in line an hour to check-in?! (Maybe longer-still here!)Really? Figure it out. Will never oil here again.
Unreal. In the top 3 best things I've ever eaten, brunch was perfect, perfect food perfect music perfect drinks and perfect company, my husband and I will certainly return anytime we are in Scottsdale.
Good food and huge portion.  One of the family restaurants.  Nothing special other than the portion.
i liked the food, the service is quick and friendly, i could eat those onion rings all day.  and the amount of tvs located everywhere was a plus, for any sports fan!  \n\na-ok with me
The Pad Thai was quite good and with a brownie sundae with spiced chocolate to finish I left in a good coma!  Service was very good and the staff was friendly.
the coupon come ons are seductive, -- as a classic department store they have a great array of items and in depth stock.
Simple, inexpensive, tasty. Everything I want in a restaurant. Very easy to get to off the light rail. Service is fast and they are friendly. The shrimp Thai fried rice is very good and they deliver on the flavor and the portions.
Both meals arrived cold.   The service was great but the food was plain and cold.  If you are working of a hangover,  this is a good place to be.
Went back as no one does nails better regardless of price and young lady stated she apologized for not having told me about increase. My apologies as sometimes I know you have to pay for the best and in my estimation they are.... Hands down the BEST!!!!!
BBQ chicken was so dry it was almost inedible.  Clearly it had been sitting around warming for some time.  The drinks were so watered down it was impossible to taste the liquor.  I really wanted to like this place but there was nothing to like.  Just plain bad.
I know people love this place.  I can see why some people would really like it. However, it felt like I was in an assembly line. It is a little pricey. There are better places in Charlotte. I think people are just impressed by the free drink.
All you can eat is best deal in Las Vegas. I've been here many time,but I never had bad experience here.Good sushi,good service and reasonable price.They are always busy,but it's worth to wait.
Great store friendly associates.
The desserts at Serendipity are worth a visit alone - simply incredible.  My only complaint is Serendipity gets very busy when The Strip loads up and wait times get long.  But, that's because it's a great restaurant worth waiting for.
Have waited in the drive through for over 15 minutes multiple times.  Would recommend going to one of the many other taco bells that are close
Cute place.  Italian Beef sandwich was not very good though.
They close all the checkout lanes every night around 10pm and force everyone to use self-checkout. Some people aren't really bright enough to use these and the lines get very long. The place is dirty and the Target in the same shopping center is a much better choice, and Target has grocery now.
The food here is great, wonderful american-asian infusion.
Cramped space, steep prices on drinks (this is Vegas, I know), nothing special about the club, disappointing show.  I think it is  unreasonable to pay over $50/ticket when the comics aren't even that funny.  I'd rather go to Harrah's and get my money's worth.
Ice cream with milk in it
Really good place to cure your hangover. Lots of sweets and deep fried food to relieve a crazy night in vegas. Only thing is its a bit pricey...but who cares in vegas! Definitely worth trying.
This place is the typical cheap Chinese buffet. Not the best, but I haven't had food poisoning yet.
Kinda smells bad.
I've gone to Dr. Liu for almost 15 years. He and his staff are a team. I recommend him to friends and family. They will work with you for insurance etc. he's as close as I've gotten to \"loving\" going to the dentist.
By far the worst car wash I've used. My car ended up worse coming out. I had to go to the gas station next door to wipe down my windshield since there was soap streaks all over it. It looked like my car was rained on and left to dry. Save yourself the time.
Awesome beer selection and the nachos are the best! Tues/Thurs $3.50 draft beers are a great deal!
great food, great prices, and fast.\nhave been going for 4 years.   yummy !!!
I ordered so much sushi that I wasn't able to keep track of everything that I ordered but everything was so fresh and delicious. I love sushi and this is one of the few places that brings in fresh fish (versus frozen disgusting fish to save on cost)
Best Coffee in Charlotte! Check it out at the 7th Street Public Market.
I am a fan of Russo's.  Tried the pizza many times and it was very good for Vegas.   I tried the wings and they were cooked to perfection.  Recommend this pizzeria.
It's 80 Degrees outside and beautiful today and they have an empty patio and won't let anyone sit out there. The manager said it's the owners decision. That's so lame!
Good atmosphere and great selection of beer and drinks.  I had a business lunch here and it was very tasty.  Ordered a buffalo chicken wrap and it didn't disappoint.  Our server was attentive and we were in and out in less than an hour!  Perfect for a great lunch!
This Goodwill is decent.  Though I much rather prefer their old location, up near Oak and Scottsdale Rd.  But one must change with the times.  \n\nLove the 50% off days!!
Grimaldis knows anchovies. It takes the right touch and they do it right. Excellent service too.
Its not that its a home away from.its like where a ton of ypung people are doing what they do and I didnt really see any major crime... lots of young adults with young children and maybe a few of the hardcore party scene!  Harmless!
i'm only 5'2\" and i had to get some low rise jeans hemmed...this place is prompt, does great work, and is quite kind.... Not the lowest price, but well worth what they charge which wasn't much more than a typical tailor..
Left two messages during the business day, no callback. Lame.\nIf you're closed for the season, make your message state this.
Love this place! has everything you can possible think of to organize any room in your house. From small things to huge things they have it all. They have great plastic containers to organize anything. Love shopping here!
the waiting line for this place is crazy...but is well worth the wait if your a seafood person. there nothing but seafood here. all you can eat fresh oyster and crab legs? oh man...you cant beat that.
When I can't get my everyday items like Fresh Fruit, Meat, Seafood, and Deli items @ fresh and Easy I go here. Better Selection and good quality at good price. I would do all my shopping here but there are some items that I just really like from fresh and easy that is closer to my house.
While the prices are good, the quality of this store has slipped drastically over the past 6 months.  The shelves are poorly stocked each time I visit the store.  They rarely have a sufficient number of checkouts open to handle the traffic.  I think management has had a turnover for the worst.
Best Thai food ever! I eat here when ever I want Thai.
Cute place in an authentic setting. The restaurant has Scottish charm. The food was clean and hearty. Had a halibut carpaccio which was amazing. The staff was friendly. Met the owner who was just great. Highly recommend.
Yeah Buddy!!! I hit up this place at least 2 times a week if not more. Very friendly staff and the drinks are always grrrreat! I always get the same(Mango Mantra) but i always ask what other drinks they would recomend and one day i may even try one, one day!
This Place is worn down, the seats are torn and its dingy.  The food is wannabe Mexican, not quiet Tex mex either.  Go somewhere else.
Absolutely fantastic!! The spicy gyros was such a unique, wonderful and delicious idea!!
Poor customer support. Very slow response time. I'm still waiting for my business cards I've ordered over a month ago!
They have a decent selection of electrical connectors and wire but the prices are on the higher side. \n\nCustomer service is pretty good and the store was pretty clean.
Very friendly. Great food. Great customer service.
Place was great! The stylist Johnny did an awesome job without making me feel uncomfortable. Usually salons are very uncomfortable for men, but the Parlor was a breath of fresh air.
Third time may be the charm.  The last two visits were a disaster - 30 minute wait for my food or my meal was served uncooked.  The staff is friendly and apologetic but management don't listen.  Good luck!
Very pleasant dining experience. I came here for Arizona week and what a treat! The servings were scrumptious and filling. Just the scallop entree filled me up! I will come back again, worth the drive from Gilbert!!
First time here. Ordered filet mignon sandwich and chicken rice plate; request for spicy. Excellent taste with great flavours. When lining up, make a final decision on your order as its a busy place. Try also the Uludag drink (orange flavour)
Amazing pastries, British delights galore, and very reasonable prices! The chef has apparently been at it for 50 years and it shows. I'm so glad to have found this place!
Standard Mexican chain-food cuisine. Tasted fine, poor service
Amazing stuff! I do wish that the staff was a bit friendlier though if not I would've given it 5 stars
Nice breakfast good food and service they even have a little breakfast buffet i also like dinner here too all around a good place to eat!
Record shopping in Montreal is pretty limited. Under these conditions, this is a fine place. \n\nYou gotta be in a mode to devote a good amount of time to digging. The prices are ok.
Love it. \n\nCute coffee shop very European. \n\nCool patio lil Bit overpriced pastries but Good quality. \n\nWill come back asap
Poor customer service. Told me to go to another dunkins for what I wanted. I drove here from Laveen!
super small selection.  really.  go to Mandalay Bay instead.
The restaurant was very slow at lunch , I thought they were closed at 11.45 there were no other tables. I ordered from their lunch menu shrimp with lobster sauce.  The service was average  . The lunch special was small but it was tasty . I hope they are busier at dinner the sign on the building  has been out for years
Had an amazing experience while passing through Las Vegas en route to California. While the restaurant was crowded due to popularity on a Sunday morning, we were seated quickly and given time to explore there extensive menu. The service was great and the food even better, especially the banana bread French toast. Can't wait to return to Vegas so we can stop by again!
What huge portions! I got the blueberry and pecan pancake which was honestly about 12 inches in diameter !! No joking !  And my girl had the bisquits and gravy, also a HUGE portion. Food is very good! A must go if you stay downtown.  And the prices are good as well
The doughnuts are deeee-lish-ous!! And the owner is so nice! I have been in several times and he remembers me.. I can't say enough great things about this place!!
Had the tinga chicken and it tasted pretty bad and slimy. Prices are way too high for the quality
This place is our hidden gem.  As a working professional couple with two kids and very busy schedules it's nice to have a place that is near our house that is very good with customer service getting is in last minute working around our schedule instead of having to wait for the next available appointment at primary care physician.
Good food, Good Portions, Good price
Hardly anything to choose from.  Looked empty inside.
this place can save your life if you've been partying too hard.\nhave a slushy and relax.  it's only 4am.\n\nGas, Coffee, red bull, water, beer, smokes and hotdogs...\nwell lit , clean and restrooms.
I like the fact that the noodles are homemade and their dishes are prepared to order, but their garlic knots were sub-par and their macarons were disgusting!!!
Consistently good food and service..\n\nGood food and service.
...if you can find it- a great spot for breakfast and lunch...great Cuban coffee and my friend had a breakfast burrito which was inhaled....
LOVE THIS PLACE! Best sun devil chicken there is. Awsome customer service. Place ain't much to look at but then again that's not what i go there for. Reminds me of Chinatown san Francisco . Tried other placesin the area and none can match up.
There is nothing better than a NYPD pizza when it is cooked properly. I wish I could get one because lately they are over cooked and the crust tastes like cardboard. \n\nI hate paying for an expensive pizza that tastes like cardboard and equally dislike waiting while they cook another one and appearing to be just a picky customer.
For this place being located in such a nice area, I was expecting better.  The seats were awful.  There was a metal bar in the back of my seat cushion.  \n\nIt's a little on the older side.  \n\nThey offer a military discount.
They have a sake sommelier. Very cool!
Yummy Chinese food.  I love the eggplant dish.  Good for dining in or take-out.
Had lunch there 10/13.  The place was packed.  Good service. Food was ok, not bad but not memorable in any way.  Fair price.  Too many other and better places nearby to go back.
Two beers, wings and fish n chips for $28!? And it all tasted great. Great little pub!
This place is really all about the drinks and desserts. I came here for dinner and brunch and the food was not memorable. Not bad just nothing to write hoe about. But if you have a sweet tooth this is the place to be!
if you are in Montreal, you need to come to cacao 70. You won't be disappointed with their menu. Everything I eat here is amazing.  Each time I have a friend visiting me, I bring them here. Try the Lazy Breakfast or the black and white crepe for Brunch. You won't regret.
Before the olympics and all the fanfare it was fun to stop on my way to the grocery to watch the bbc weather report while clouds passing overhead merged with those on the screen with the meteorologist. Surreal.
Stopped in to get something minor fixed and they had me out in 20 min and the issue was fixed 100% perfect.  Highly recommend.
Good show, but it's not right when the people sitting you are hustling everyone for money to get a better seat. Makes the whole show look shady. Not professional at all.
Default Barros for delivery and for lunch. \n\nGreat pizza, decent staff (hit or miss) and good prices. \n\nThe wings were not so great but I have not had good luck with wings recently anyway.
GREAT food and service.  Truly authentic.  Their salsa is spicy so if you don't particularly care for spicy food, ask for the mild green salsa (also delicious).  This is a great off-strip choice.  Reasonably priced, too.
Mediocre food. Terrible customer service. Stood at bar for seven minutes to pick up order to go. No one manning bar. Several servers passed by; no offer to assist. Chain establishment-typical.
Nice decor. The food is bland and super mediocre. Portions are small and overpriced. The menu is odd.  It's a shame because the spot looks great, too bad the food doesn't match. Would love another non-chain spot.
We had a great time here!!! Great staff and the spaghetti and meatballs were awesome!!!\n\nMy friends really loved the sea bass but were sick afterwards...
First time at this venue.  Great place to see a small band, great seating arrangements so everyone can see.
Sit in the wind and rain and pray for sun. Cycle through and avoid the traffic. Five-a-side in the rain. All this. More.
People that love Hot Dogs love this place.  I had their brat dog and it was one of the best I have had in a long time!\nTry It
I just ate here for the first time and really enjoyed it! The AYCE is totally worth it if you're going to have more than two rolls. The food was delicious and our rolls came in a decent amount of time for how busy they were. The staff was very kind and attentive.
Uhm Puke - How many china men you know named Joe? Ok I like Chinese food. YES CHINESE FOOD. Not this guy's interpretation of Chinese food. Is this art?
We ordered for pick up. Crazy long line, for pick up ,  it would have been easier and less frustrating to get delivery.
Teakwoods \"touch em all\" is the best burger ever! Terrific wings too.
Terrible! Had to take car back twice to clean wheels. Asked for \"the works\" and they didnt even wipe down the inside. The workers are lazy and it took an hour for them to barely clean the car and when I went back to ask for them to wipe it down again, they gave us attitude.
Mice infestation! \nhttp://m.journaldemontreal.com/2014/05/09/infestation-de-souris\nGraphic pics
Quite good for simple food. There's something to be said for not getting too fancy and that makes me a fan.
I've been to all the bbq joints in the valley, and do a ton of bbq smoking on my own.  This is hands down the best.  ENJOY!
Had a wine tasting with wines from Italy. Scott was very knowledgable and made it a fun evening. Thanks for supporting the community!  Great Store and employees!
By far the biggest selection in town in one location. If they don't have it then ask and they will find it.
The food is 4 star all the way.  The place is in serious need of some cleaning so I took away a star.
My new favorite place in old town. Late night menu on the weekends always keeps things interesting. Thomas the bartender is always very nice and knowledgeable. I have tried just about everything on the menu, and have yet to be disappointed.
I work at 24hr Fitness and love the fact that they have healthy alternatives!
Clean environment.\n\nI think its way over price for what they serve. \n\nI had the Caesar wrap but it was overly salty.
And by one star mean no stars!  Mediocre ice cream, it's cold and icy, but lacks in creamy deliciousness. The \"bottled water\" is simply tap water in a reused bottle. Total rip off.
I have been coming here and all of their locations for 15 years. It is always an excellent experience and the food is excellent and very consistent even at different locations around the country. Great food at a fair price. Good friendly staff.
PLEASE do not purchase tickets from this broker. Their mark-up is ridiculously high. \"Limited View\" seats which usually go for $119 will cost you about $250 each. You can find cheaper tickets elsewhere or even directly through the show venue itself. Please go ANYWHERE else to buy your tickets!!
Yes it's a legit place, but facial was horrible! Limp hands and after several request for a normal touch, Zora did not oblige. No clue how to make client at ease! Will never visit this place again!
Very bad cleaners. I use to love this place. I mainly went to their Ray location though. All their good workers are gone now. \nThis place has issues but usually made up for it with cost and the quick turnaround. But with their other location going downhill so quickly this year, I've finally had enough.
AMAZING !!!! This team of doctors ( Dr Frielander) is wonderful , that make you feel a part of the team and really do treat you like family !!!! He has so much passion for his work and compassion for his patients , i highly recommend then to anyone !!!! :)
I have NEVER had a bad experience here. For customer service, the staff is great. For food, everything is always excellent. And you really cannot beat any meal under $10.\nI've introduced so many people to Noodlehead and they all love their experience there.
Once again, Sam proved that haircutting is an art form. I love Hair Pollution!
Horrific.  One of the worst buffets I have ever had.  It's like going to a hometown buffet.  Some of the worst food in Vegas.
this place is pretty fun, I've only ever gotten the chicken fingers. they're actually like 4 boneless breaded breasts tossed in bbq sauce.  so..  damn..  delicious
I dont understand a restaurant that always runs out of food before lunch time.  If you want to try a flavores croissant dont bother showing up after 10am.  The sandwiches are average.  The one upside is the service.  Staff is always friendly... Even when they are telling you they dont have any food to serve you.
Great location and great sushi rolls.  Sundays are half off all drinks.  I will miss this place when I move out of Gilbert.  This is the last location in AZ.  Great atmosphere and great staff.
I had a meat pie with mashed potatoes and a \"relaxer\" coffee and it came to 8 pounds.  The food was not horrible but it was pretty bland.  I got a window seat (view of a chunk of Edinburgh castle) at a share table with strangers... The view really wasn't that great either.
Their food is great! The ambiance is superbly friendly and the weekly Wednesday night \"MPG Jazz Jam\" is 21st century's doorway to Jazz heaven!! sincerely Dr Bruce from PittsburghJAM.org
Everything was quite good and some of the best guac I've had in a long time. A tad pricy for Mexican, but yelp is there with an awesome discount to help.  I need to try the margaritas next time.
Earl of Sandwich! You are truly the best hot sandwich ever!  Why are you so far away from me? WHHHHYYYYY!?!!?
Very good pizza. Brick oven. Almost as good as wood fired. Service and prices were also good. I would like to return!
An average Subway restaurant, the people were nice and quick.  Smells like wonderful fresh baked bread and the facility was clean.
Love the products in this store! I always get coupons in the mail and the savings are awesome!! The employees are very helpful without bothering you and it is very clean.
The one who says he is the manager the fat F..k lies about taking reservations that the waiter confirms. When waiting 15 mins out by the entrance??!!\nDO NOT GO THIS PLACE!!\n People who work here are liars !!!
My husband and I were referred here by an acquaintance.  When we entered the office, we were greeted with the warmth of an iceberg, with the front desk person not wanting to talk to us and telling us we could find all we need to know online on their site.  What a first impression.
Food was delicious, but service was awful. It took several minutes before we were acknowledged and seated. Waitress took a long time to come back to take our order. Waitress forgot to place appetizer order. Made no offers to just give us the appetizer anyway. Great food, terrible service.
Food was good. Service was slow and not outstanding. The Branding with all the \"g\" all over was obnoxious.
It's a nice room.  I prefer the rooms at Venetian & Caesar's better, but this fit the bill the night I was there.
We have been coming here for over 3 years and have NEVER had a bad experience. We have numerous choices for Mexican food places and Popos is our first choice! Salsa is excellent, food is always hot and tasty! I recommend totally! When we don't feel like getting out, we call and order to go.
Room was large and had a laminate wood floor which was nice (hotel carpets are so gross).  They did overcharge me at the front desk by $5 a night which I did not catch til I left.  Not a good place to walk around at night but otherwise a good stay.
Food is good, but orders are never right. I just don't have time to waste running back and forth to get my simple order correct.
Not always reliable.  Long wait times.  Friendly cab drivers.
We come here every year and love the party atomsphere the young the old just a great time had by all :)))
This is more of a fast food restaurant for me.  I think it's decent for something quick that will stay with you for awhile.
Amazing staff and great wine selection!  One of my favorite places to relax on any night. Live music on Friday an Saturday!
Great organization, rarely have to wait in lines, nice people and free wi-fi.  Out of the airports I fly into this is by far the best. Still only 4 stars because you may be great - but airports are still somewhat of a hassle!
Once again Waldo's BBQ was awesome! The food was so yummy & the service was awesome! David took such good care of us! Love, love this place! You should make it a point to try it!
If you get the 1/2 size Nacos it is the perfect amount. Not the best place drinks wise if you are not a beer person... then again it is a brewery. I am just unable to drink beer due to allergies. So some more drink specials would be appreciated.
My family and I have been searching for a good frozen yogurt because of a yogurt we loved back home. We did not find this very kid friendly was very stuffed. We like Menchie's a lot more. We will just stick with them.
The food tasted weird, i think they're trying too hard. As far as the prices, well, can I just say it was way too expensive. Sorry The Mission, wont be coming back
It's hard to find an AC company that wants nothing more than to make you happy.  With fair prices and dedicated service, this family owned and operated company comes highly recommended.  They go the extra mile to solve problems and don't leave you with a lot of surprises.  You want someone you can trust...call them.
one of my favorite places! I love ordering cajun fries and the sweet potato fries are a good addition too! I believe everyone should try this! ;)
Very average pizza!  Very over priced based on the cost.  Asked for a side of sauce to add to my pizza, had to pay for the side, was tiny and when I asked about it the response was its our policy.  Hate to say it was a waste of time!
Great food. Pho at lunch is huge, tasty, fresh and plentiful meat & fixin's. Crispy rolls are delicious. Even the green tea was perfect. Delightful server, too.
Ordered a regular tuna roll and there was a bone in it... The tuna itself was not that good either. This place is very pricey and not great. I would recommend going somewhere else.
I would definitely come back here. Service was friendly. View was great. Food was awesome. Pizza, soup, burgers. You know. Nice rounded meal LOL. That's what everyone was raving about though, and we just had to give in. \n\nWorth it.
I don't live in NY but Ive been there. Ive even had pizza there. This place had pizza better than the 4 slices I tried in NY. \n\nAccording to my wife, a NY native, this is how NY pizza is!!! Its nostalgically home
I have eaten at many Salsitas which are usually good, but this one sucks. Six bucks for a.pollo asada borito that was pretty much beans and rice. What chicken there was had a funky smell.
Fake Reviews suck!  Businesses that have to use fake reviews to generate business are piss poor.  Note to owner(s):  work hard, carry quality products & be good to all your customers and you won't need to make up fake reviews.
So much better than I thought it would be! Went during the day and could see the whole desert, in addition to the city. We got the deal on livingsocial and it was a great way to go. We went when it was quiet (no kids) and really enjoyed it.
Just bad. Thats all I can say....Bad
The appetizers are small potions but have flavor. The pasta was interesting and seasoned well. The service was horrible, bring your own food for snacks while you are waiting for your waiter.
I had my first session yesterday. I found Laveen Tanning immaculate. The lobby the rooms. The staff the location were very informative and courteous. If Laveen Tanning is near your home, or work i'd strongly consider stopping by, and getting a tour of the salon,so you can see for yourself.
Ordered chicken wings (small) & a Garden salad, took them over an hr & 10 minutes to deliver. Then when the delivery guy carelessly handed me the food, it almost fell to the floor & he expected a tip. The food was ok, not worth the wait. Would not recommend this place.
This place is great! NOT AYCE sushi menu. Quality of the rolls and nigiri are worth it. I also leave full, happy, spend as much as the AYCE places.
Was told to forget about the Rio buffet and come here. Did not regret it for a second. Brunch was really damn good, with excellent tasting food everywhere you look. Maybe the best bacon I've ever had. \n\nWorth it!!!
Been coming here for 7 years. It's good, not fancy, and perfect for \"comfort\" Chinese food.
Ordered delivery. Was unimpressed with the kung pao chicken, which was ordered very spicy and came very dry and flavorless. The chicken fried rice was adequate. With so many other Chinese options in the area, I won't be reordering with them again.
I was in the neighborhood and short on time so I stopped in.  Was satisfied if not thrilled w my haircut.  They do have a lot of nice offers though, like full service for price of basic for 1st time customers, free haircut on your birthday, etc.  They're pretty serious about their sports theme which is amusing.
Portions are large, ribs are tender, sauces are flavorful and prices are fair.  I'm not sure what else you can ask for in a BBQ joint.
Been in Line for 15 minutes, they served two people. The barista is dressed like a thug, the cashier is walking around lost like it's his first day. Other complained of waiting for an hour. Nuff said.
After a delicious meal at one of our favorite pizzerias nearby we often walk down to the Sweet Republic Ice Cream Factory. The ice cream is always good and the view of Manhattan is spectacular.
Room was OK...don't touch that weird fuzzy pink throw. Bathroom was in desperate need of a renovation or at least a good scrub. Service was good...honestly didn't interact with the staff during my stay besides checking in.
I really enjoy browsing at Pottery Barn but it seems I never buy anything.  I think the prices are high and  pretty much everything can be found elsewhere for less.  Small decorator items are always obtainable at another store for half the price.  I guess I more shop for ideas than actual products.
Pretty good! Had the basic udon. Reasonably priced, tasty food and the resturant is pretty cool. 4 stars because it didn't blow my socks off
I didn't get service. If you don't drop off your clothes before 9am Thursday they will not be ready before 5 pm on Monday. This is horrible business service.\n\nThecustomer service and organization of this place is very lacking.I would recommend going somewhere else.
I'm kind of getting bored with the menu here until I tried the Moroccan spiced salmon. Very delicious, the salmon was moist and the seasoning was really good, but I think the couscous is instant which is okay and I will have again when I come back here.
I have to be honest - for ten bucks in Vegas, you have to hit the buffet. Decent meat and random sides are worth a bet at the blackjack table.
In n out just like the burger!
In my opinion still the greatest shopping experience in Vegas
It was alright. I set my expectations too high for my first time. It was good ice cream, just not what I expected. The employee that helped me was annoyed, but when I asked for help, she just looked at me. We'll see if I come back.
Came off strip and glad I did. Great job at a great price. The tools come out in sterile packs and that makes me feel good that I am not going to catch something. Would visit again.
Lots of eye candy, however that's it. Auto gratuity  equals terrible service. The bartenders have an attitude to boot.  I would have given one star but the food was good and drinks were strong.
Had the Cafe Cebu fried rice, sinigang, free egg roll for checking in ;-) and the banana fritters. Everything was on point! But I'd skip the egg rolls unless they're free of course LOL. I've eaten at most Filipino places in the southwest and this is definitely the best.
Very nice waitress but it was so understaffed and we had to wait an hour for a salad. Pretty ridiculous and annoying
Convenient, fast, and a good cut.
Great service on such an awesome day in AZ! Happy hour is good as well.
Hit this place after a night on the town. Reliving my youth! Did not end well. If it is only 35% beef what is the remaining 64%?
Dropped by  a week ago at the Drive Thru and the line was half way down the back street.
Charged for a #6 instead of a #1. Price difference $.60. I receive $.30 back. Thank you, unhappy manager.
Worst customer service I had In a while ! \nIt took for ever to be seated and the drinks were so expensive and my sushi tasted old as if the fish wasn't fresh
Happy hour prices pretty good. Spinach artichoke dip and tortilla chips kind of salty. Our server was Olivia who made a pretty good Long Island iced tea but wasn't as attentive as Racquel was the last time we were in. Still overall we love the food here, usually good.
I stopped here to meet a friend from out of town that I was taking on a hike at Lake Mead.  Excellent service.  Very pleasant baristas.  Quad espresso over ice.  It was great!
I always prefer to support the local businesses but Subway is better.
Good pizza and reasonable price.
Worst manicure and pedicure ever. She didn't use any type of moisturizer for either, I had to ask for some for my hands when she finished.
Great Authentic Mexican food.  The chimichanga with the green chile sauce is a definite must .
a truly forgettable dining experience, with the exception of their cheese plate...
Everything here is HUGEEEEE! (like me) Unless you are a pro wrestler or a huge pothead, you will never finish the entire plate. Share with someone. Trust a honky! Peace!!!
Do not waste your money.  Sooooo many other options
Recently tried this place for the first time. We ordered 5 sushi rolls and some appetizers. Skinny dip & ocean paradise rolls were among our favorites.
great food. Great view.
This place is pretty good but be careful if you have tinted windows because they messed up my drivers side tint
The burgers, onion rings, and fries here are absolutely delicious and if you don't mind waiting a while to get them, you will be satisfied. Be prepared to spend a pretty penny as well, as a meal for 2 can quickly turn into $40+
This is easily one of the best Giant Eagles I've ever been to. Huge. Very nice selection. Easily comparable to Whole Foods. Went to their cheese market, and was pleasantly surprised with the selection. I got Beemster Vlaskas, an amazing Gouda. Very large parking lot.
Cookie butter French toast is a must. The Huntington skillet is also a favorite.  I feel that this location is better than the other one, as this one is larger, and the cookie butter French toast is plated better.
Don't waste your time! I get better customer service at Target !!! If you are going to advertise and use Groupon then know how they work .
This place is busy!
Food is barely average and going down hill fast. Service is not great but they try. But they might think of asking the waitress to shower once in a while. Gross.
Heaven on earth...you had me at Belgium chocolate. You are amazing, please move into my refrigerator, I promise to buy a walk in.
It's McDonald's: How do you fuck up McDonald's?  Easy--hire no one who speaks English, consistently serve cold and stale french fries and generally let the store be filthy.   I'm so glad I live in the quasi-ghetto!
This location sucks. They messed up my order twice in one night and didn't even offer to compensate me. Never going back.
This place is overpriced and bland! I give that flat bread a star best thing on the plate. Takes waay too long to get your food and the options that I picked DIDNT end up on my plate. I will NEVER go there again! booooooo! :(
Never would I step into a birks again because of the snobby salesman. They think their clients don't have enough money to buy a product they want to see first or something ? \n\nHorrible customer service.
Horrible , overpriced food
What the truck, chuck? \n\nel servicio - no bueno\nla comida - no me gusta\nla decoracion - una estrella\nla margarita - una estrella
Love this whole place. The ambiance is lovely. There is plenty of cozy seating and a good place for people watching.  The latte I had was great and the cookie was amazing.
Just had dinner last night here.  The Pinot Grigio just ok BUT THE FOOD was really good.  I would receomend this resturant to anyone.
I find the prices to be too high for the quality of the food. It really doesn't taste that great, especially the pizza. There aren't many places I like to eat in the mall so I only come here if I'm hungry enough.
Try their chile relleno, they are super!  We usually try to swing by here when we have a reason to be in Scottsdale.
Love love love this place! Food is great!  And the girls are awesome! Some of the sweetest girls you will ever meet.  :)
Wow! This was the best eye brow wax ever! Out-of-towner, needing a sprucing up and Stacy was outstanding. Sorry to leave such a talented and professional waxer behind.
Hot N Juicy sauce is the best!  Not too salty and was warned the mild was spicy, but I didn't think it was.  Didn't take long to get seated on a Monday evening at 5 pm. Staff was great and very attentive.  Can't wait to go back again!
Disgusting food and tried several plates, all sucked. Service was horrible and it wasn't even busy. Nice beer menu if you're a beer drinker.
Went there for a lunch special with my daughter and I very good service  the sushi was good. Can't complain. My daughter is the sushi person and she said it was good so I'll take her word for it.
Food is consistent.  They updated which is nice.  Not happy that every table is dirty and so is the floor.
this is my favorite indian place. make sure you are not in a rush. let the environment draw you in. smell the frangrance of spices emnating from the food ordered by others. yiu can pair your food with the wines offered. ask for help. take your time savoring the food.
Just to show that it isn't just me, as one DumbAss that sent me a message saying. This place was only open 3 months for a reason, charging way too much for Crap!
Really good vibe. Food is excellent. Come and you will say to yourself, wow this is a really nice experience.
Buono's was sold after 20+ years of Jimmy making the best pies in town. Sauce recipe is the same, dough is the same, pepperonis not at all the same crust isn't quite as thin but overall great pizza.
Decent airport easy to navigate through. Slot machines are readily available giving you that Vegas vibe!
Ghetto location, kind of dirty and the employees are not at all helpful. If they can ignore you, they will.
Amazing Bar & Grill with incredible food for a bar atmosphere. This is one of my favorite places to go in Charlotte on any night of the week there are specials to be had. Trivia on Tuesday is always fun and is an ideal spot for both a low key dinner but also an excellent nightlife location! I highly recommend Lebowski's!
Is a small place with a good food. Nothing from out of this world. Is a regular cuban food. The service is slow but good. They have a smile all the time. Had the Bistec palomilla. The maduros wasn't good. Yucca con mojo was great. Tostones was great too.
We are a catering and event planning company and had a last minute order come in for 90 gift bags! These guys helped us out a ton by creating 180 custom bags of popcorn for us, same day on a Sunday! Can't wait to order from them again, hopefully giving them more time! Thank you!!
I went here for brunch and the food was good but the service was very disappointing. Although there  weren't that many customers but the food took so long to come out and our  waitress was very absent-minded.\nThe place is very spacious, and I think it should also be good for weekend nights as a pub.
This restaurant is amazing! I've never had tacos wrapped in lettuce and let me tell you it was the best I ever had. This was such a refreshing dish lite and absolutely delicious! The service was awesome I can tell the owner and his wife really care. I would definitely come back here whenever I come to Vegas.
Excellent family owned atmosphere.
Awesome sandwiches (check out man v. food); try the jewish and western sliders...They are awesome.\n\nOther items that I've tried are so-so, but try the specials.
This place is ok but nothing spectacular.  The concept is interesting but the server was rude and the service in general was underwhelming.  Having new places to try out is always cool but after being here twice I'm not going to spend any money there any time soon.
The staff is great. The food is very hit and miss. Nothing is consistent out of the kitchen except inconsistency. Sunday/Monday breakfasts are not anything like the other 5 days.. again, due to inconsistency.
Really liked my deluxe room. The technology is cool, control everything in the room with a touchscreen.  I wish they had self-service check in to avoid the lines.  Casino is not too big or too smokey.  The bakery is awesome.
It was an okay experience. The yogurt was okay but the workers/management were awkward. There was no music so it was yogurt in awkward silence save for the people with me.
The food was just \"OK\" comparing to the prices!\nI think you cab easily find better food for those prices.\n\nI ordered the filet mignon, it was good, but nothing to write home about ;))\n\nI can not say that i will recommend this place.
Cupcakes are just ok.  The cake part was fair, the frosting was good.  I did like that they have  secure carryout boxes.
You're better off at Dave and Busters. The games are super old and the place smells like kids sitting around in their own crap. Gross.
i only went here to play rockin olives, my favorite slot machine.\nthe venetian was supposed to have it too, but apparently they took it out.\n\n\nsorry -- can't give you any more feedback about this place
This is a very nice barber shop warm and friendly terry is very attentive to the needs of his customers their atmosphere is family friendly!
Lost my tire center cap, broke my radiator hose. Nice work otherwise.
Horrible food!!! Had the crab roll and dynamite lobster!  Smelled and was slimy!!! NOT fresh at all! We should have known since we were table number 2! Got food poisoning!!! The location was convenient but not worth it!  REVIEW ZERO STARS.
GREAT FOOD! Nice atmosphere. Nice bar. Best Mexican joint in the area.
Came for an authentic Cuban experience. The food was bland, fried with minimal sauce. The staff was friendly and the mojito gave me a quick buzz, but I would not return.
Seemed like a dirty Wendys\n\nObviously food is always good, but i didnt like the feel of this place. Next time if i have to stop here ill just use the drive thru.
Great food. The price is a little high for they type of food but a good meal
Well Dicks Hideaway was reserved for a party so walked around the corner to the Garage and it was awesome nice little spot.
Wonderful trendy place!  Food is sooooo fresh and so good tasting!  Highly recommend for lunch or dinner!
Didn't get any crepes based on the 45-minute wait, but our food ended up taking around 30-minutes regardless. Has the turkey bacon/egg croissant and a waffle platter. Seating was pretty limited.
This is the closest subway to my work. Its clean and convenient.  Eat Fresh!
I used to love this place-authentic Mexican food. No more. Bad service and poor quality ingredients.
Best indie coffee house on the west side!
I don't understand the negativity on some reviews of this place. It was super quick efficient and overall thorough. I recommend this place to anyone who is questionable.
Pleasant shop.  Good stuff and some junk too. Got great deal on a dress and cute skirt.  Its a treasure hunt.
This is a nice little place. The pizza was good and the service was fine.  Good place for a somewhat quick bite to eat. One bad thing i will say is that Im not a big fan of bringing your kids to work.  That kinda made me uneasy.
This photo lab does a superb job with great customer service!\nThey had done some small prints for me with excellent color matching to my screen. \nI came back for a 20x30 canvas print. It turned out great!\nWill be back for more prints. Thank you Mr Lel!
another modern resturant in las vegas. the design of the resturant is great and especially like the balcony witht the view of las vegas. the food was excellent and the customer service was top notch. also they gave me presents for going to the bathroom
I use to like this place, but tonight the food was cold and undesirable. I won't be back.
don't know what people are talking about? we're from chicago and are very choosy on pizza. eatin there 7 or 8 times best chicago pizza in las vegas.when we want pizza this is where we go.other people downing this pizza don't know pizza.
VERY POOR COMMUNICATIONS.  Don't call back, canceled out the repair day, and yes, they have some questionable financial practices.  Sadly, their work was satisfactory.  It just isn't worth the struggle to get timely service from the Leak Squad.
We enjoy the burger with pastrami. Nice yummy taste. Nice little burger joint with a try. Their quesadillas aren't great but the burger are good.
Great service, very friendly staff. It was a great spot for lunch with a friend! I would definitely take my significant other back here for dinner too.
An oasis of goodness in a sea of crazy. Great wedge salad, great steaks and sides. As good as Craftsteak across the street. Excellent date joint with primo service. Go and save a few bucks to play some Blackjack!
When in Pittsburgh I should of had a burger and fries with Heinz ketchup.  Salsa was bland and tacos were nondescript.
I've been here a couple of times and it has been outstanding on both occasions!  The menu does lean heavily toward seafood, but they use really fresh ingredients. I had the sea bass and was not disappointed at all!  The service was superb!\n\nLike Tom P. said, call ahead for a table overlooking the Grand Canal!
Came to check out the games for the kids.  So far so good!
Unbelievable $6 for chicken bowl had less then 1/4 of a chicken. When asked how much for a side of chicken we were told $9 to $10. Now a manager cannot come cause he's cooking...REALLY!
My favorite! I'm so glad they opened one right by me! They're the best shaved ice I've ever had.
Back again. You can never go wrong with the Campfire special, particularly when you have a coupon. ($39.99 for appetizer, 2 entrees and dessert)\nOur favorite server Jenni was not in : (\nService was good, food was as expected : )
Ghettoish mall, no stores. Well they do have some stores, and a nice food court, but again, ghettoish......
Great, inexpensive after midnight deals on a Saturday night.  Service and ambiance was good. The drinks and pizza were fine but for their normal hours prices I'm not sure it would be worth a return trip.
Grab a beer or cocktail while walking past.  Nothing more.
Very disappointing service so-so, food more than average.
This has to be my favorite dog park. Nice, secluded, but enough room for him to have fun. I can see everything he's doing from wherever I'm sitting so I don't have to be chasing him around :) and it's very clean too!
My cookie had no fortune.
Come on folks, this place can't earn five stars. This is in the neighborhood, so I eat here regularly. It's three stars, at best, and  serves fast Asian food at the quality of a mall food court counter.
It's been a while since we've been here... They no longer have the onion rings on the menu? What is the world coming to??
My favorite brunch in the city.   Herbed goat cheese French toast is the best.   6 stars.
Gross. Swarm of flies at the pickup window also where my smoothie was made. How filthy can they be?\n\nAlso, I think my turkey sausage was made of old shoe strings.
The bear with a bratwurst, Peanut Butter, Cracker Jacks, smoked Gouda, Bacon and BBQ Sauce is AMAZING.
Amazing meditation food.  Nice atmosphere music and wonderful service.  We'll be back for sure!
This is the 3rd time I've gone here and came home only to realize I had bought something that expired months ago. Done shopping here.
I've never been a huge fan but must admit that there is something special about a double cheeseburger made \"Animal Style\"!  I do not come here often but when I do that's how I roll.
Fried, greasy, stomache-ache inducing food here and I gave it two tries.  Even applies for breakfast too, especially if you go for the Chiliaquiles.  Salsa bar is a letdown because each salsa is represented twice, so it looks like more options than there really are.
We've had Todd at our house a few times to fix little things. He has always provided us with 110% service at very fair prices. We have recommended him to many of our friends and family, and all have been completely satisfied. Very trustworthy!!!!!!!!!
Overpriced but usually can get what you need in men's cologne, interesting they must be doing great as the manager working the opening shift, would not open the door 6 minutes early as 7 people tried to enter just before 10:00 am.
Super cheap drinks n there NOT weak. No table games. Great place to people watch. Always crowded.
The worst serving. My order was wrong, very wrong but by the time I could even get someone to send it back everyone at the table was done. This was so bad especially in a town that is known for its food.
Service was average. Had to send steak back as it was crunchy on the outside. Potatoes Au Gratin seemed like something out of a box. Waitress brought another member of our party the incorrect wine. Valet took 45 minutes to get our car. In general, a disappointing experience. Won't be back.
Not sure what the big deal is. Took a while to get going-seemed very slow and disconnected. Didn't understand what the main theme or idea was. Not worth the $75 per person (lowest price) that that we paid. Wouldn't go again unless it was free or super cheap.
Great location. Good pizza. Good cheesy bread and boasted chicken.
Cashier lady forgot to put my macaroni salad while she talks on the phone. First time they messed up my order.
Stopped in here while waiting for our table at a nearby restaurant for a margarita with friends.  The place was packed so we hovered at the bar where we got served pretty quickly some awesome margaritas, chips, and salsa.  Looking forward to my next trip out here to try some of their food.
We went on a Friday for dinner and everything was excellent? The server recommended 3 plates each. We decided to split three which was a wise choice as they were huge! Great service and atmosphere we will definitely be back.
To the people complaining about $20 dances- this is Vegas, that is NOTHING.\n\nAs for this club all the ladies I saw looked old and worn out.
Prosciutto e mela pizza was delicious! Danielle was are server...super friendly.
Huge tamales that tasted sooooo good. Even the beans and rice were tasty. Definitely worth the price and trip.
I had the spicy pork and chicken with rice when I came for the first time and it was good. Very tiny hole in the wall but the food was good, I would go back again.
Food was some of the best Italian we've ever eaten! Service was top notch, atmosphere was awesome, the singer was really cool, and he'd come talk to you at your table between sets! He also takes requests! We will definatly be back!!!
This place has really gone down hill lately. They self checkouts only work about half the time and if you go past about 9pm they are the only checkouts open. It's been so bad lately that I have been avoiding this Frys
We recently moved into a new home had a friend recommend this company. Steve came out and installed our new security system he explained how everything works and how easy it is to use the system.  Steve was very professional and efficient.  We already feel safer in our new home.  Thank You Smart Security
Save yourself the money you would spend here and just go to eat n park. Same food, but at least it's buffet style.
We really enjoyed our experience here. Loved the building, food, and very reasonably priced. Looking forward to going back when it's warmer to experience the roof top!
Good lunch. Panang and Pad Thai are my favs. Was disappointed to learn they took off the spring rolls but the salad and soup are decent enough.
Best massage I have ever had! Mary knows what she is doing and will give you exactly what your body needs. Love this place and highly recommend it!
I liked it. The food was good. They had really nice samosas. I would have to eat again to confirm 5 stars but the prices seemed right to me. Very nice.
The smoothie was good but the service was very sub par. \n\nI asked the lady if they served food and without saying a word she pointed to the protein bars. \n\nI then decided to order a fruit smoothie and asked what an acai was.  She said its a fruit and then total silence.  No kidding.
it's closed
Great middle-east style kababs and very reasonably priced. There is hooka service in an outside patio.
This place used to be my favorite buffet in Vegas, but after visiting again this year (hadn't been since 2007) you can tell the quality has completely gone down the toilet.  I recommend going to the Wynn, their buffet is much better - like Bellagio used to be.
DEFINITELY definitely not the best buffet in Vegas!  It was really cheap and that was probably the best thing about it.  I can't remember any item that I really enjoyed.  I just remember that my boyfriend and I were disappointed from the first plate we filled up to the last plate we struggled to finish.  Never again.
cinnamon rolls made fresh every morning. Red Velvet pancakes. Oh and the Breakfast sliders are wonderful.
Bad service will not order from this location again!!!
One of the best bagels and spread I've ever had. The salmon spread had chunks of salmon in it and was delicious. Coffee cake is excellent as well. Coffee was ok, but the bagel made up for it. I'll be back when I'm in Phoenix.
I enjoyed this place for the most part. Good food. Ghetto area, but the food is good.
This place is mediocre and once you factor in the price its just not worth it. There are better places in the area and definitely better on the strip for the same price.
I like it better than Costco.
Very quick! Slightly painful, but they give me a tissue to wipe away my weak sauce tears every time. I like my eyebrows natural looking and this place keeps my brows that way. The staff is very friendly and efficient. Great yelp find!! I give this place 5 stars and two brows up!!
Easily one of the most unique places to hang out. The food was amazing ( I had the Black Bean burger) and they have a slew of board games as well as more active games, such as a life-size Connect Four. Highly relaxed environment for families and groups.
Miguel was very helpful with our design and purchase of a couple stand up banners we purchased for an event. Fast quick and quality service. We will definitely return soon.
Hate it.  Horrible.  Expensive.  Terrible drinks.  Rude bartenders.
Went here for lunch on a weekday. The service was awful. It took over an hour to order and get our food. The food was ok. Nothing special. I wouldn't go here again.
Service was ok. And that was the best I could say. \n\nThe food was terrible and way way over priced. Their bucatini amatriciana will put a hole in your stomach before you finish digesting it.
The food was far better than I expected considering the club-like atmosphere there on a Saturday night.
Best haircuts in North Phoenix
Despite the false bad assumptions people have about this hotel, the West Tower and Main Tower rooms are really nice! Its a good experience.  There are, however,  an abundance of children and people everywhere so it gets irritating trying to walk to and through the casino.
We have tried the cracked egg twice for breakfast and both times were very average.  The food is very average and the waiters either forgot our order or could not be bothered.  Las Vegas has several great places to eat so good luck.
Ordered the fish tacos - should call it fish nugget.  For $9 - I got two bites of fish across two tacos.   Ridiculous.
The Blu Cheese grits were fantastic! Even better the next day. Ribs had such a unique taste. Savory & sweet.
I love this place with an undying passion! In fact, I am going there right now!
Excellent food and always fresh. We have been there several times and I have been pleased. The menu is not too overwhelming and the food is consistant. I will be coming here often.
Unbelievable . MUST TRY. Great service and better food
I do not recommend the salon!
Surprise there is a good steak house in Planet Hollywood!  Food is excellent and the steak was great.  Sides were perfect I felt like I was in a an NYC steakhouse.
This is the best place to get with a friend, have a cup of coffee, and play a little chess on a Saturday morning/afternoon. The staff is always vibrant and the scene is exactly the way I like it. I usually don't eat when I go there but the Neapolitan is really good. As well as their croissants
pricey, but there are some values to be had here. i like it when i'm feeling lazy, or on a rainy day, it's very convenient.
The jeweler at Fast Fix did amazing work in repairing my wedding ring of 40+ years. The gold had worn to the point of breaking.  The jeweler replaced the worn piece and now it looks as if it's brand new and fits as comfortably as ever.  Guess I'll have to stay married!
This bar is super busy and packed, which means lots of body heat and sweat! YIKES! well lets just say its a fun place, but they need to get some fans or conditioning on the patio and indoors (it was super hot)
Awesome place to work , AMAZING food, relaxing atmosphere, Nate is the BEST boss I ever had & I don't even work there anymore lol..(hopefully i'll get back to working there)   ;)
I love this place. Very good food..
Excellent jazz. Food is good; had truite amandine flavourful. Great spot.  Service a little slow but waitress is knowlegable with good recommendations. \n\nCr\u00e8me Br\u00fbl\u00e9e was a little lumpy, not bad though.
$5.00 wine flights  on Tuesdays
A must stop in Vegas! Love the banana nut muffin. All food is great here!
The shop is closed; there is a landlord's lien notice on the door.
If you're a student with no way to get to Lao Lan Xaag, this place will do.  However, the place looks run-down and the service would best be called 'casual'.\n\nFood was good though.  It's just that it can be so much better.
Do NOT EAT HERE!!!  Terrible service!!!  More importantly terrible management!
Sandwiches are overpriced. Especially for how shitty they are.  I mean, what kind of asshole ruins a Cuban sandwich with sweet pickles?  The soup I got was decent, but nearly $15 for a bad sandwich, soup and a small soft drink is a rip off.
Without a doubt one of the better (and quieter) hotel options in Vegas. Room amenities - as described by previous reviewers - are unbelievable. 5 stars if Platinum introduces a shuttle service to the Strip !
I stopped in because I saw the Grand Opening sign at their new location.  This was my first visit to Napoli & I probably won't return considering that the pizza and lasagna were only average and pricepoints were a little high.
Great BBQ in Phoenix! Hard to find though, it's in a commercial complex don't worry you didn't drive by it, it's there and worth the couple of u-turns you'll have to pull to find it. Food came out fast and the sauces were dynamite.
It's a chain restaurant....\nService could be better. \nPrices could be better. \nGood for all ages!
Tasty food, nice wine, good atmosphere, overall very good.  The Fennel & Pear soup-of-the-day was light and delicious.  The chocolate mouse dessert was dark, rich, thick, and luscious, the best mousse I've ever had.
Love this casino, as for the gambling, if your up late at night be sure youre ready to empty your pockets out, you have no chance of winning.
This whole foods is the best I have been to. Has the most selection. Something for everyone
Best Bartenders in Arizona. Friendliest owners also. Great spot for music and hanging out
Soso food, bad service, $7 beers. Yet another \"Irish\" bar. Skip this one until they come under better management.
They were helpful!
Pan roast is amazing but NOT worth the 2 hour wait. Skip on the gumbo. You will be disappointed. There are only 18 seats at the bar.
The taste of the food was ok but I wasn't even finished eating and started to feel sick.  I got the chicken katsu plate. Just left there maybe 15 minutes ago and as soon as I get to a bathroom I will be puking. No good.
Decent yogurt. But it's not swirled! Toppings are un-crushed. The staff is nice, I'm giving them 3 stars because I got complimentary hot chocolate! Expected more but still good.
Pulled pork was tough, dry, and vinegary.  Fries were old and soggy.
Always fabulous! It doesn't matter what sort of crazy long line there is outside this place (And there almost always is one late into the night) it loves quickly and the staff is pleasant and efficient! \n\nEverything I've tried is great and they serve realistic portions.
If you like a good \"hole in the wall,\" and really excellent high quality food, you will love the China Pearl. The food there is very well made and they use very high quality ingredients. If you go, be sure to ask for the salt and pepper shrimp (not on the menu) and be ready for a real treat.
Cool back in the day.\nDay has become tomorrow.\nTime for an upgrade.
My first time in CC today. I loved it. Peter is amazing and he did a really good job designing a 3d nail art for me and pedi is great too..
friendly service and great ice cream:)
Great venue. Good beer selection.  Easy access and friendly staff.
I have a very VERY skittish dog, they handle her so well! She is Peki/Apaso, the do a great job with her everytime! They do great accommodating our schedule as well, also very limited kennel time! We love this place!!
One of my preferred Ross stores. It's always neat, well-organized, and they have tons of high end names at this location.
Very clean, private, personal, one appointment at a time.  Jill is AWESOME, definitely will return.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!
Vodka tonic came  to me as a vodka and club soda. Perhaps it gets less sad and pathetic sometime after midnight (when I left). But, it really didn't look very promising.
The ambiance accentuated the fine food and the people that enjoy it.
I have been different  SuperCuts locations but this one is my favorite. I usually get here early so I don't have to wait. The ladies are all friendly and like to talk. I will continue to keep coming here.
This is a review about the new restaurant, Khyber Halal, which just opened inside ZamZam this week (1/14/2013). The food is a mix of Pakistani and Afghani cuisine, reasonably priced and above all absolutely delicious! I would highly recommend the Mantoo and Chicken Tikka Masala.
They didn't get any new books in last week, and this Wednesday they still aren't open as of 2:30pm. I'll be taking my business elsewhere from now on.
we liked it the one time we used them but their Facebook page says they were closing end of Sep 2012. Anyone know if that is true?
No free refills on drinks\n\nGreat service ... that was a 5 star rating\n\nToo expensive for what it was. Priced like a Baton Rouge or the keg. \n\nI probably won't go back\n\nThe desserts looked great though
Went for dinner on a weeknight. Prompt courteous service and decent food.  Low prices.  We did not see a menu just asked for the special.  Great way to try out new food.  We will be back to try the buffet for lunch.
Basha's has the best donuts in the west valley.  They are made fresh daily right there in the store and I challenge anybody to find a better selection.  On Fridays you can get 6 free when you buy 12.  That's 18 donuts for 6.99.
Who runs out if edamame at a sushi bar?  And on a Monday night?  Server didn't know  much about sushi. Not impressed.
OMFG!!!!    this place is a dump!!!  i should stop trying to be cheap!!!
One of the best sushi places I have found!  Very fresh, good service and a nice smaller atmosphere. The owner really takes pride in his business and it shows!
I will never set foot in this place again. I have never seen a bigger bunch of pathetic a-holes grouped together in my life. You would seriously have to pay me to get me back in the door.
I've been here a lot over the years, because it is good ice cream, but they are never friendly and have gotten really stingy on ice cream and toppings. For the price, just give me the whole candy bar please? I've also been charged extra before, which never helps the experience.
Understaffed. Checkout lines almost always long, staff rarely available to help. Not super clean. Will see if that improves at the new location...
A little hard to find but worth the effort.  Hint, its right behind the sleepy poet antique mall.  They have pretty much all the average home brewer would need.  Plus, knowledgeable people to help.  I hear they also have a warehouse in Belmont and can order pretty much anything else.  Highly recommned.
Loved it - order a pitcher of Top Shelf Margaritas - you won't be disappointed
I am sorry to say, we did not eat here, my friend and I went in Saturday evening, we were waiting to be seated, and had time to look around...dirty...we left.
This place is just so much fun -  probably best for groups. We had a great, easy-going instructor who made sure everyone was keeping up and having a good time. Looking forward to going back.
Bad service, pasta under cooked, and a health score of 92!
Amazing office! Everyone there is friendly and great with the kids. I take all three of my kids there and they are happy to go visit Dr. Libby!  I was blown away after our first visit, they are soooo much better than our previous dentist. I'm so happy to have found Dr. Libby!
When we were out in Scottsdale last fall, we ended up eating here twice in one week at the two different locations.  The pizza was wonderful, service was great and my kids especially loved playing with the pizza dough they were given by our waitress.  We will definitely go back when we are in Scottsdale this summer.
The idea of the show is interesting but the repetition of the same acrobatic routines gets redundant. However, overall this show was ok.
Don't even bother going here, they didn't even have good customer service at all, it was terrible
Great burgers and sweet potato fries! Just really too expensive, but I really like the food.
Service is terrible. The work eh..ok. Be aware the pricing on the website isn't a guarantee. They hiked up the price by 5. This place is not my cup of tea and I will not return.
If you like old fashioned greasy burgers this place is for you.  Very reasonable prices. Old fashioned milk shakes for $2.99, burgers about $6.00 with extra fixins like grilled onions for .59 cents. Not fancy, just fast food good.
This is a great Subway. The people who work here are so nice and fast and the food is always fresh.
Cashier at this place, \"I don't really like yelp coupons anyways. Well, I don't mind if locals use it, but I don't really like when non-locals use it. Are you local here?\"
Take-out review only.\n\nOrdered a personal size margherita pizza. It was pretty good. Thin, crispy crust and great flavor.\n\nI loved the place itself! It was fun to look around at all the old games and candy and other little trinkets.
I've been to this Wildflower many times as am very happy with the service and food. It is a chill place to get some decent healthy food. Highly recommend.
Been a while since I reviewed this place. It's still good.  Their menu still has a variety of tiems, and I still think they are a bit over-priced.  But being in their email club I get coupons fairly frequently, and they make it a good value.
Most excellent
Tony is the man.  He has a kind spirit and will meet you with what is affordable and quality work.  Also, he works quickly! Strongly recommend him.  You will leave his store with a smile on your face!
A pretty easy five star dining experience.  Attentive wait staff, efficient and prompt ordering, and food that is off the charts!  I am sold!!\n\nYes, it was a bit on the pricey side, but wow what a treat this was!!
Good food and atmosphere.  Unfortunately, we felt ignored by the staff.  We had to flag down servers for drinks and condiments.  The manager spent most the time we were there chatting with friends at the bar and watching the game.  This was not our first visit but it was our last.
The slowest eat in experience on the planet. 30 min wait to get our food. No exaggeration. Watch it be cold too. Angry!
It was ok. Th crab legs are split which makes it to where you have to eat twice as many. Everything else was pretty standard. Honestly you can get the same thing at harrahs but cheaper.
Their deserts are perfect.  The amount of meat in a sandwich is crazy.  So they are always busy so the service is slow.  Went for a quick bite at 11pm and they were still packed.  Worth the wait.
Wonderful pizza with fabulous service\nWith definitely be visiting again!
Very good food.  Incredible kid meals...  Finally a place that offers kids a real meal.    Seems to be busier during the week and a little slow on weekends so easier to get a table on Saturdays!
I came to this store to buy a color printer that was advertised for $59. They were out of stock on it so the manager gave me the upgraded version of the printer that sold for $89 for the $59 price! Plus I got a free label maker! Score!  A+ for customer service!
Tried this one too and the food wasn't bad, but I've had better.  Ambience is nice but the food is not something I'd wait for again.
Great view and nice environment, but food is ready overrated. The food was at best mediocre..we ordered a pizza to share which was okay... And pasta that wasn't  very good at all...
The sage chicken benedict  is one of the best things I've ever eaten. \nCame here because of man v food, but kept coming back every morning because everything was so tasty.\nThe pancakes are HUGE, and tastes amazing.
Can't really comment because I came on normal business hours and at normal time at 4pm and they were closed no sign no nothing . Kinda disappointing.
For my trip in November, I went ahead and paid the extra for first class.  Excellent, but made me realize just how crappy coach is.  Too bad they don't extend just a little of first class to the coach passengers.
Not the best dining experience. Would definitely select Ruth Chris or Flemings instead.
YUMMY in my TUMMY! No burger like it. Can't wait to go back=P
Amber did my facial, she was very informed and did a great job, my skin looks great, I did have to tell her to do more extractions, on my nose, because I do them at home with an extractor I know they are there, she happily accommodated.  Very pleased I will go back.
This restaurant is quite terrible to its taste in atmosphere and I will never return to this place and general.
I stayed here a night before a meeting at the airport.  \n\nIt is typical of the brand.  Check in was fast and friendly.  \n\nThe airport shuttle runs every 30 minutes and it only takes 5 minutes or so to get to the terminal.  Park and fly fills up quickly so, make your reservations early.
Was disappointed in this show. It got a little better towards the end, but overall it just wasn't very funny. The singing and dancing was pretty uneven. I'm at the age where I should have related, but I didn't enjoy it. I brought my husband, and had to apologize when it was over for dragging him to it.
We walked right into the cafe because there was no line, but waited for almost an hour for our dinner. We were falling asleep at the table. Food was OK, but service sucks. Expect the long wait on the food.
Good service, food, and atmosphere. Am a repeat customer to this location. Very pleased.
Really delicious crepes! Both savory and sweet crepes are nice. My friends and I all enjoyed them a lot! They also have a great selection of tea! Yum!
The wait staff was nice, The service was good, The food was as good as it always is at CPK. If you like CPK.. You will like it here
Food was good, price was right. If you live in the 'Tuk, recommend it I might.
For fast food, quality service, polite staff, clean location  -you are at the right place.
Customer service rocks! But sadly their wings are pretty bad.
While it's beautiful inside, the food there is not good. For what it is, it is over priced. I wish I could give more of a review of this place to explain it better but the food just isn't good. We live walking distance from this establishment and will never visit it again.
The stars are only for the best nail tech (Mark) and the lady that does my eye brows. Other then that as far as customer service they get a half of star. The male owner is rude and has NO customer service WHAT SO EVER!!
Very nice. Drive up teller is awesome when I have the Gson. 2 drive up tellers drive up ATM. Makin it easy to get at our $$
I am sorry but this has got to be the worst food I have ever tasted... \nI really wish I had never tried it in the first place.
Mediocre and over priced. The plus side is that they have plenty on polish colors to pick from. The down side is that both times they messed up my nails.\nSince moving from California I've found one good nail tech but they're in Henderson. It's just too far.
this place is no starbucks, but then again I don't think they want to be! the coffee is AWSOME and the employee's are jacked up on coffee and happy as can be!!!!! love this place!!
One one the best buffets i ever tasted. The line was crazy long but worth it!! So much food to choose from, not just any food TOP NOTCH quality food! I'm so glad I choose to have my Birthday dinner here, because it was one of the best things I did while visiting Vegas!
We love Valley View Pest Control. Thank you for keeping us pest free and for your great family owned service. We always recommend you to friends and family.
Next to accessories I'm likewise a fan of Ice Cream! Top of my choice is banana split, here at Mary Coyle is the best of the best!
WAG provided half the essentials for the men's trip in Vegas.  Yes, you guessed it.  Cups, cranberry juice, soda, water, and of course..gatorade!  The other half essentials were down the street at a 24 x 7 location.
We came here tonight for a team dinner . Got here are 6 pm . They told us we had to be out by 8 because they had a party of 125 coming.So our party of 25 didn't matter   Service  was incredibly horrible..The employees were rude I'm never going there again..
Love coming to this place from the time you enter it just is an amazing experience great salads entr\u00e9es as well as sides the wagyu beef here is not as good as jean George's but still great. Love the pretzel break and chopped salad, cream corn and baked potato.
Great atmosphere but the Happy Hour menu was very limited...probably the shortest list I have seen by far. The Sangria was all right...could be better. Bruchetta was really amazing though! Will most likely give it another chance, either for lunch or dinner next time.
The food was great.  The wait staff was impeccable.  My favorite part of the meal is the hunk of Parmesan cheese they give you.  yummy!  I also enjoyed the grappa they hand you at the end of the evening.
Gas comparable to 7-Eleven. $3.53 as of October 12th, 2011. Beware, the air machine doesn't work. Don't feed money into it!
the buffet, you, must...go to it...nurrrrrr, AMAZING!
Great spot! Everything from the margaritas to the guacamole to the entrees was amazing! We loved the fish tacos and ceviche.  The entire wait staff was excellent and knowledgeable. Mateo deserves a special shout out! We'll be back!
The old waitress is so rude. Never go back to this place again. never!
Steak was good, sides were jus O.K. The waitress was hot, that always helps. The service was excellent, the food is average and kind of expensive for what it is.
First place I wandered into in Montreal looking for a late dinner; the savory crepes are definitely not the stars of the menu- the milkshakes and sundaes looked the best!
The turkey sandwich tasted great!! The service was nice and prompt. Well priced as well. \nWhy the two stars? My husband and I felt sick to our stomachs after eating it. Didn't throw up but felt like it.
regular
Best bbq i ever had! I always take my friends from out of town here when getting bbq!
one word    YUCK  !!!!!!!
Best Classic burger Ive ever had!!  I'm a huge in n out fan, and search the world for the best gourmet burgers.  This was hands down AMAZING. -Juicy, perfect amount of cheese and seasoning.  I loved Gordon already, but he knows his BurGR!
Love the street tacos and sinful vixen cocktail. It's a Lil pricey but nice atmosphere and good location. I always come here when I visit vegas. The service is good I usually get Janet cuz she is pretty good with recommendations on food and drinks and always tells us what the hot spots are.
This place is ... too great to be describe when you want good food and cheap price!!! I had all my breakfasts there when I was visiting LA because that was the first thing that came into my mind when I woke up!!!
Loved this park! Very impressed with the views! Plan on going again!
potatochips in my falafel - that's crazy. crazy awesome.  if you order takeout make sure to remind them to add the sauces. They're so good and the falafel is kind of dry without the yogurt sauce.
Enjoyed a lunch pizza that had unique flavors and was baked to perfection. Unique thin crust that was their special recipe. Friendly wait staff, great experience.
$1 bowling and $3 shoes after 12 midnight to 8am.
Really a nice restaurant, although not very many veggie maki options which was really disappointing. Expect to pay a decent price for the atmosphere as well.
park half a mile away to visit a crowded frat party that serves ok food and so so beer. no thanks. live and learn
I have been to alot of places around Phoenix for gel nails.  Every time I have them done they crack within a week and look horrible.  I have been going here for over a year now and they are GREAT!! The people are always nice and my nails have never looked better.  Prices are good too.
Very good, cheap Chinese food. Lots of specials including beer. \n\nThe only problem was that one of the servers had her two kids there who were making noise and literally crawling on the patrons' tables. If this is a regular occurrence, get the food to go.
5 stars for two reason,\n\n- The steak melts in my mouth like ice cream.\n- S'mores, yes I said s'mores.
Tasty diner, with plenty of comfort food. The taps were dry when we visited but they have a small selection of bottled drinks to choose from. The bangers and mash and shepherds pie were decent. A great hangover meal restaurant.
Small, intimate and offers amazing Italian food. Not your run-of-the-mill restaurant, expect a pleasant dining experience. We always leave satisfied!
Not bad for Champaign. Helpful associates. Baby clothes always on sale. They also have a Birthday thing for your kid until they're ten years old. Prices are high but you can find anything. What really impressed me was the amount of starter instruments for kids. Anything you can think of, at a reasonable price.
The reception staff was great and they even did a follow up call but the nail person I for couldn't do the design I wanted and still charged me over $50 for the service.  I wouldn't recommend this salon.
The Margarita was awesome!!!!!!!!! One of the best I ever had. I sure everything they serve is awesome as well.
Water show is pretty. It's the same everytime so ever stay and watch the whole thing. See it once then it becomes boring.
It was slow to get seated, but they have alcohol and the service was good one we were at a table. And the food was good ole standard dennys. The place was clean and comfortable.
The three stars is for the wonderful customer service. Tried the Jambalaya and it wasn't too great. Not a lot of flavor! The pretzel sticks were too hard and salty. Would come again for drinks only..
Go here. Eat one of each of the macarons. Ignore the price. Change your life!!!
I only selected four stars because they didn't have oysters. Besides that, everything was delicious!!!!
Advertise they are open late, but that doesn't seem to be the case. Make sure you call before going in so you don't waste a trip.
A bit over priced for the quality of food but overall everything was good, not great just good.
Cho nay gio lam. Nuoc leo khong ngon gi ca va lai mat tien. $8.25 mot to pho va cho lau lac gan het 30 phut moi co do an.
Their pastries and various desserts aren't too bad, but there are some other places that are much better.  Their coffees, however, have always been fantastic.  Tip of the hat to the various baristas!
Horrible I got hear at 845pm they close at 930 and they did not have any food on the buffet to choose from. Everything was a 15-20 minute wait to order horrible. The attendant had a face like she was pissed that I came in. Not coming hear ever again.
Good food, great bar atmosphere with lots of TVs! Beer specials could be better, but certainly not the worst. Outside patio is an amazing space to watch the games.
The chicken teriaki rice bowl thing was pitiful.. But the breakfast 24/7 thing is VERY cool. \n\nMinus 1 star for at least 7 homeless ppl hanging out in the parking lot, it smelled like literal poop outside the place.
I had been this place many time, and the pho (noodle soup ) is my Favorite food, recommend this place have the best pho :)!!
I love it here! Their gas is super cheap and they have they BEST customer service I have ever seen at a gas station. It's impeccably CLEAN and organized!
came here for a rehearsal dinner and the food was pretty decent. then i came back for brunch and the food was dry. i had high hopes since everyone has mentioned their brunch is great. however, i was a bit disappointed. service was less than stellar.
After many attempts to issue a complaint about the horrible service we received I have officially given up reaching Doug the Cafe Supervisor. They just don't care or give a shit is how I take it so Binion's Cafe can piss off!
I was not very impressed with Nola as the service was extremely slow and I felt the food was average. Lots of fried food to go along with the New Orleans theme but still felt it seemed like traditional American food. Decent prices for lunch though just get there earlier if you are on a time crunch.
Good breakfast restaurant! The chicken florentine is really good as well as the colorado omlet. Sandy an excellent waitress is very friendly and thorough please ask for her and leave a generous tip!
Absolutely delicious!!! The pork ribs are out if this world. They were meaty, juicy and the dry rub was perfect.  I added just a touch on the BBQ sauce that was brought to the table was enough. Can't wait to get back their.
Pretty good park for the kids. Not the best kept but if you are in the area it is ok.
Currently closed. Call ahead to see if they have reopened.
It's just another buffet in the city. It has long lines, the same food as any other MGM property and there's nothing that really makes it stand out. The quality of the food is decent, but they didn't replenish it as often as people were eating it.
A small local dive bar with cheap drinks and karaoke.  You may find it entertaining to listen to the same people murder pop songs over and over but don't expect a giant menu or a huge selection of beers.
The service was amazing! Very friendly staff. Very personable.  First time eating here and will definitely be back. Met the owner and we were treated wonderfully.
Gas is always higher here than the store directly accross the street and the auto shut off malfunctioned on me today using pump #4 and proceeded to get gas all over my car, the ground.
I loved the food but wanted to walk right out with how rude our server was. Her name was holly and every time we asked her for something she had an attitude as if we were inconveniencing her and it just made the experience horrible. I feel she has no place in the restaurant/customer service industry.
It's a step up from eating at the airport. The burger was forgettable, the iPad menu is a gimmick, though it works for Vegas anyone with any taste would avoid.
Good neighborhood pub. Loved the crazy wings, and the fried mushrooms. Good selection of beers, and people. Low key, good to sit and watch a game. If you want to hang out and not he rushed this is a good option.
What a great shop. Huge selection of quality food and treats and all your other dog and cat needs. Stopped in for the first time today as I don't live in this part of Goodyear and was very impressed with the friendly and knowledgeable staff.
Decent price\nQuick service\nBusy place, so it's difficult to find a table\nfood was interesting, I love Mexican and Korean, but together it's just not my cup of tea.  The food just seemed greasy albeit seasoned well\nand NO scissors for the kimchi
the place is closed.  the guys at the sushi place next door said it closed about 10 days ago.
Typical bait and switch. Signed up for free one day pass per the special. Arrived and told not applicable to this location. People on site not concerned and wanted to charge $35 to work out. Waste of time.
Great little Italian restaurant for pizza and pasta dishes. the service is awesome with friendly family taking care of you. Highly recommended.
Awesome waitor(can't remember his name), awesome margarita, awesome patio, awesome tortillias, ok main entree(pollo margarita), awesome dessert (banana crisp).  I think that covers it.
This is the best Indian food I have had in Tempe.
I have been here several times now and I just not impressed with their sandwiches and soups.   They have very little meat on them and are pricey for what you get.  Their grilled cheese is good but pretty greasy.  Their bread is very good.
Not too shabby for fast food sushi
Tea is pretty good here. Price is slightly higher than other Boba tea spots but very good none the less.  We had the rose milk tea, mango green tea, and peach black tea. No complaints and exactly what we expected. Also seem to have interesting choices of food and snacks to choose from.
This was my second trip to Strip Burger. Burgers are really nothing to write home about. Probably the worst chili cheese fries I've ever had. Milk shakes are really good. \n\nWe brought our toddler and the high chair they brought to the table was filthy.\n\nLast trip for us
I recommend the Turkey and Feta salad! Also make sure to get The hand stretched pepperoni pizza! Amazing!!
Excellent food by a great staff. They were prompt, kind and welcoming! I will definitely go back as I have not found a Chinese restaurant in the area that comes close to this standard.
For $13, I had a watery itty bitty banana margarita that was all sweet and no substance. My waitress was nice and the restaurant is pretty.
I was back this past weekend, and had a very nice lunch at Wolfgang Puck.  Several restaurants still haven't opened, but the options are getting better.
Gary and the guys at Ideal Body did a fantastic job repainting my car after it was badly keyed at a Badger game. They had just moved to their new location in the old Thorstad dealership, but were ready to provide quick, quality work. They handled the insurance company with aplomb. Highly recommended.
I have never visited here but does everyone know that this restaurant is considered one of the best in the nation!!!!!
Very good. Very expensive. I honestly think the rolls were the best thing I had. But they were the best rolls I ever had. So in the end, would I go back - yes, for drinks, apps and rolls in the bar and head out to dinner some place later in the evening
Healthy, beautiful, and delicious! \nI ate dinner here with my fiance for the first time. Rick recommended the Hanger Steak Chimichurri and the Marguerite Chicken. These entrees were presented beautifully. The ingredients in both these dishes blended ever so effortlessly.We will be coming back!
I have always wanted to try Mood Swings and thanks to Yelp I did!  I didn't know they provided so many services and the prices are so reasonable.  I loved the mini salon services that were provided.  I can't wait to book an appointment for a facial!  Thanks for the amazing goodie bag!!!
Heard that their ramen was amazing. It really isn't. If you have tried any of the instant Korean ramens, these traditional Japanese ramens will be huge disappointment. $15 for cheesy no taste watered down ramen? Really?\n\nI did like the atmosphere and the service though.
When I want a solid meal at a reasonable price, this place never dissapoints.  The food is always fresh and inventive, I like how they search for fresh items and then build a dish around that.  Just a good easy going place.
This is a family run establishment,  which ensures everyone there is looking to make sure you're hapoy. I went with my parents and there was zero disappointment. Every appetizer and entr\u00e9e was delicious. Make sure to make a reservation as they are rather small.
Ahhhh scary not fan a rough crowds but dinning is worth a try!
I love this place. Every time I want good food and service I end up here. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Each plate is like a work of art. If you want a true dining experience come here.
Been going to this place for years.  There is usually a wait after 6:00pm.  Sushi is fresh and the Uni is yummy compared to other places.  Decent service and worth the money if you have a big appetite.
Highest review ill give a hotel in the USA. Great place to stay! Very nice rooms and the service is always professional.
The food was mediocre at best. The service was just ok too. I had the spider roll. It's much better at yummy grill and sushi loca. My soft shell crab was tiny and the roll wasn't especially tasty. I won't be back.
Decor is mehh.. But if you're looking for boba teas and slushies this is a good place to try. We usually get our drinks to go as the place is kinda small and they are usually busy. Taro slushie is the best.
Great quality meat and service with a smile!!
LOVE THIS PLACE!  Always a good deal and great seats...and drinks and food served while you watch!
Besides the wait, everything is great.  I'm learning there's usually a wait when u have a higher quality food.  I have eaten here daily for the past 3 weeks and feel great with tons of energy.  It's my new addiction.
Will never stay at Harrah's again, started with huge line to check in, and only front desk people working, with many open stations. Paid for internet service which went down 10 hours after check in and never came back.\nLocation was good, but certainly not worth staying at
Never write reviews but have to on this place. Food was WAY overpriced for the quality. We waited a long time to receive just  our house salad. When we got our food it was very disgusting , bread was stale and food was cold. I was so disappointed I wasted 60$ on a terrible dinner for my family & I.
Service is good but the food was absolutely horrible do not get the bananas foster it's pure brown sugar with bananas.  It is so grotesquely sweet that you can't even eat good luck!
Great sandwiches can't really go wrong with the Montague.   There is also a second location in the Palms Casino food court. This is a much more convenient location to get to if your located off the strip.
Sure the Diamonds and Jewelery at Tiffany are great, but the service here was  kind of crappy.  Just because I am young and don't look rich they treated me like crap.  Thanks making my decision to go elsewhere easier!
11/21/13\n\nGood deals going on, especially if coupled with mobile coupons ($25 off every $75).  Too bad I couldn't find anything I really wanted, and customer service was very lacking, since we'd just experienced terrific service with Nathan at The Limited.
So slow! The bagels are good but service is just to slow. I tried the drive thru and again no happy face and an attitude.
Standard place that grew fast and has lots of spider webs.
Cute place. Service sucked. Short rib tacos and tatter tots were amazing. Don't eat the fish tacos they taste like dirt.
Phenomenal food and great drinks. I've always gotten great service and it truly has the feel of Ireland. Not like some of these posers out there.
Open table is keeps asking me to review this place. So... I'm biased, but I still love it here. The Japanese inspired menu is great, and the sushi is done in very elegantly. The menu is organized for a more experienced dinner goer, so don't hesitate to ask for help from your servers.
This is a great storage facility - Clean and well maintained with reasonable prices.  Working with Nadia in the office is a joy.  She goes out of her way to be helpful
I'm slowly becoming a fan of the breaded hooters wings. The 3 mile sauce isn't very spicy, but it has good flavor. The loaded tots are awesome. Probably the best thing on their menu. The staff is friendly waitresses come around quite often to refill drinks. Good spot for lunch
This buffet is typical and nothing extraordinary.\nThe carver for the meats is not very generous or polite like many buffets.\nThe cashiers were very nice and the waiter too.
We went in one night for some drinks and we were greeted within seconds of sitting down. The bartender was very polite and informative about beer. He let us try a pineapple cider which was delicious! I haven't eaten there yet but next time we do I will for sure try at least an appetizer! Great service!
The service was horrible sadly enough and food decent
Excellent pasta dishes - good variety.  We really like the artwork on display on the walls.  Very comfortable place to dine with very friendly service.
The place is classy and i love the design, it's high end utilities at the room.  the best on the strip for sure.\nRates are affordable.
I use Bank Of America as a business account not a personal account. They are nice and friendly and I love that they have a much faster and smaller merchant line. Not so thrilled when it comes to personal accounts though considering their past history. My husband held a personal account for a while but was quick to close it down
Good food, long wait. You have to give yourself at least 2 hours to stay in line. \n\nThe crab legs were great but I thought the prime rib was so so. They have a great selection of food and desserts and everything I've tried was pretty good.
Always have been a great place to go. The hot wings and waffle fries are the best! So are the phillys and other food I ate. They don't poor no slack drink either. Great bartenders!!
This is a great addition to the neighborhood.  Everything a coffee shop should be and independent to boot.  It's also a great place for an early riser to see a friendly face and get a good cup of coffee before anything else on Central is open.\n\nNice work, CCC.
Yay! Vegan pizza and soft-serve in the downtown area. My only issue is being open to the smokey casino floor and clang of the one armed bandits
Such a fantastic show!\n\nThis show lasts around 1:20 minutes, and it has a well connected story. The stage is magical, and I can never expect what is going to happen next. \n\nHighly recommend, enjoy the show!
Went there to grab lunch while on biz travel that was not too far from the airport. Menu was nothing special. Service was prompt. Food was good.
Blush is a gorgeous looking lounge. It is great for pre-partying, after dinner drinks, or for a chill night. If you're looking for wild Vegas night, this is most likely not the place to have it but, as I said, it is a good set-up place.
Service suck, food is ok, Would I come back to this place? No There is better Italian restaurants in town which quality food and great service. I dont know why people go here and why they still in business.
Their food is amazing. The tatami rooms are just add ons to the whole dining experience.  The unagi bowl is WORTH IT. A little pricy but all sushi places are. If you get tired of buffet, definitely try this place.
Overall it was just \"Ok\", it was way too packed  and drinks were a bit expensive coming in at about $25 dollars + tip.  Lines were pretty long, expect to wait 1-2 hours in line.  The bright side is that the DJ playing was great, and as you would expect in Vegas, lots of beautiful people.
Love this place. So comfy. And they serve alcohol... Beer and wine but watch out its $10.... Guess you pay for convience... Lol worth trying. Once you go here you won't wana go regular theaters
Excellent burger. Everything else was pretty meh. If I were looking for something quick, convenient and no-frills, I'd stop here in a minute (for a burger...only)\n\nSlightly upturned
It's really nice and comfortable here for an after work drink. The burgers were really good and the atmosphere is great.
I'm still here in the restaurant to write this review. This place SUCKS service is lacking and food I've had better. My serve Kalani forgot everything maybe it's time for a Career change.
They are closed?! :(
Double double is good as always. Location is pretty busy on Sundays.  Service is fast and friendly. Would come back again.
This is poor quality ingredients in a fast food, order at counter from the wall and they'll give you a number and bring it to you. Staff was sullen. Noodles were greasy and flavorless as were the spring rolls. Won't go back. I will say that the place looked clean.
My favorite place to take the kids to lunch. Also great for quick \"to-go\" work lunches. Sign up for Panera Rewards. I always end up getting a surprise treat from the rewards I have collected.
Oh, yum!! Some of the best Sushi I have ever had.
Food is decent but they skimp you right in front of your face. Tons of rice and beans and just a bit of meat. I can eat 3 burritos and not be full. Oh and they charge a pretty penny for that rice and bean portion
This is just an okay airport - the layout is not great, although I do have to give props to them for easy car rental terminals.
Seriously an oasis in the desert called Las Vegas.  Prices here are even higher than at home in California. But, I'd much rather spend a bit more and have some healthy choices in the hotel fridge.
Very nice inside with a great atmosphere.   Turn around was quick and staff was friendly.  I got a white comforter dry cleaned and while it didn't as clean as I had hoped, it was cleaner, smelled great, and was wrapped up neatly.
Worst $44.00 meal I ever had. Buffet was horrible, desserts were tasteless...I paid $44:00  just for decor:( please check the menu before going.
Service awful, people seem to be deaf here, no smile and unwilling to accommodate sittings when not even half of the space is occupied.
A great place with great gelato. The staff where very nice and the feel of the place was very welcoming. Meany variety's of flavors even I suggest if your in the area or just walking around the shopping center stop by Frost Gelato Shoppe.
I love this place!  Ann and Tony and all of their coworkers do an excellent job. I always walk out feeling relaxed. They take care of their regulars. Some say it is expensive, but reasonable for the upgrades they provide with a regular service. If you try this place you will be happy.
Ok food. Nothing special, very bland. Got lamb burger and the lamb Shepard pie. Good service, but disappointed in the food. Drinks expensive
Sam woo in Las Vegas should be avoided. Food is absolutely horrible compared to the various locations I've been to in Los Angeles and Toronto. Prices are 2 times more expensive but quality and service is really poor. Food was bland which is not typical of Chinese restaurants.
Egg foo yong portion was very small, tasteless and rice was dried out and old. They even only gave one fortune cookie!
Slow service and the $10 bowl of tomato soup may as well been Campbell's :( disappointing!
This is a very nice Safeway store. It is very well organized they have an excellent wine, beer  as well as liquor selection. If you buy a 6 pack of wine or liquor you get a 10 percent discount which is a pretty good deal.  They have a very nice selection of flowers too.
The service was quick and attentive and the food was delicious.  We all enjoyed the monsters and overall theme.  Very creative.  Mesa needs more of these niche businesses.
This place says it closes at 11pm and its 1020.... And they denied us service! :( \n\nWas actually really excited for this, sadly place is still run by unprofessional people.
Outstanding service. Love the management. They are quick, affordable, and knowledgeable.
Best steak in Vegas!!! Service was GREAT! The side mushrooms was bomb!!! It's a must go when in Vegas! Well go back there again!
This is your typical Panda Express; the food is predictably good - the same predictable food you will get at any other Panda Express. Nothing to write home to mom about; but so much healthier than the typical fast-food joint.
our favorite restaurant.  haven't had a bad meal there ever. for the price and atmosphere can't beat it.  my favorite is lunch.  eat on the patio, overlooking the bellagio fountain show, crepes and escargot.  Yum, and so cheap for what you experience.
This company are complete thieves charged my account twice and also did to a friend on another location!! Very unprofessional!
As others have said, I am really surprised there are not more 5 star reviews for this place. We LOVE the burgers, the fries, the peanuts, everything! The service has always been great and we are there at least once a month and usually more. I recommend 5 guys to everyone. Super yummy!
Nice new little place very friendly wait staff and my water was never empty. Good selection on the menu with reasonable prices.\n\nI ordered the Seafood udon and everything in it seemed very fresh and the broth was light yet tasty. I will definitly come back to try a few more items.
Typical walmart not in the greatest area. Inside is not to bad people outside not so good though.
Worst Apple store I've ever visited. The Forum Shops and Fashion Show are better bets. Unhelpful staff and unhelpful manager. It's probably ok if you just want to browse, but if you actually need help, forget it.
Amazing atmosphere. Great selection. Attentive service. Classy dudes. \n\nCurrently it's tucked away behind some construction in the building. That takes away any sort of people watching one could do. But nonetheless it's a great spot to settle in with some friends and have some great conversation.
Great carnitas! Very tender, crispy char on the outside but juicy inside. I asked for their salsa verde to go with it and my nose was running and mouth was burning! What a great meal. Dos Equis on draft helped cool it down.
What the hell happened to this place?  Luke warm, mediocre food at best.  Go to Caesars,  their buffet is actually good.
Decided to try this place based on yelp reviews and was pleased! Got a gel manicure, she took her time, did a great job! Very clean and nice place :)
Don't come to this snobbish place. They do not want to help you out unless you are going to wear a suit going in. They will ignore you, unless you walk in with a suit. For some reason, the sale associate thinks they all make seven figures and too good to help someone out.
As a big Ghost busters fan I had to pay this place a visit before I left! It was nice to step out of the hustle and bustle of the city into the serenity of the library.
I loved it! This is right down the hill from our house, so I plan to go back. It was very clean and there was a vast variety of sushi and Japanese food. My favorite part was the hibachi. No! My favorite part was the melt-in-your-mouth roast beef. Yum-O.
We always get the thin crust pizza with sausage, pepperoni and green  peppers. We can always count on Nellos to provide consistency. The food is great ! The sausage is the best, it is fresh, crumbly and flavorful. Not store bought tubes or rolls.the best thin crust in town!
I love coming here after a long day at work.  \n\nI am a member so the member area is great.\n\nI wish they didnt have live music all the time its too loud for when we are trying to enjoy a cigars with friends.
If you are in a hurry, forget about it at this place. That is all I can say.
I'm struggling to see the draw here.  I had the chocolate shake, which was on par with what you get at McDonald's, but at a much higher price point ($6).
One of the best veggie bugers ive ever had!  YUMMMM and the fries are good too!! thank god its 24 hr!
It is an ok chain restaurant. Food is usually good and reasonably priced. I do agree with some of the other comment that they could improve on their service. Usually you get some what good service if you sit in the bar or patio, but in the restaurant part they could use some help.
Another place having a laugh at \u00a34.50 a pint. Not a bad change decor-wise though, apart from the unsightly breeze block-supported table.
When my girlfriends and I visited XS on a Saturday night we met an Asian TV star and a New Orleans group of guys who were friends with an executive of Encore.  Needless to say we had a fabulous evening.
Bartender hooked it up... was hesitant about coming here but had a very good time....
Just go eat there--you will not be disappointed if you truly enjoy pizza after a night out !!
We stumbled upon this place while out and about. We love locally owned places and Genaro's fit the bill perfectly. The food was excellent (even my 5 year old loved it) and the service was great.\n\nWe'll be back!
Fantastic dinner, great setting, the best meal I had in Montreal. The food is presented in an upscale manner and tastes as good as it looks.
It's Zipps! The service was just as good as the one in Scottsdale. The fries were just as tasty and the wings were just as hot. This location is brighter which is a plus and their appears to be more seating? Or maybe it is just their set up. But again it's Zipps!!
Healthy, delicious, fast, relatively inexpensive.  You can assemble your own stir-fry dish to make sure your favorite veggies are apportioned just right.
James is so cool. He remembers the girls and I when we come in and he knows my style. I love how courteous everyone is when I come in. Well kept and clean all the time. The gel polish selection is pretty good here. I like the variety. The prices are very reasonable.
Service sucks. Book couple room suppose to b all the same but it's not. One room was 3 and a half larger than out other room. Customer service was no help. This place is gonna lose costumes.
I found that there are less expensive plugins and software that do some of the tasks, but the extra stuff Reputation Loop does, is nowhere to be found. The number of testimonials I get and my clients get and what we can do with the reviews is money in the bank. I love it!\n\nMike
I called to sign up for another year... And was constantly put on hold. Horrible customer service !!!! Needless to say I went with another gym =)
Very friendly staff. Nice selection and food was good. Great for a casual lunch or dinner!
I was expecting more\nThe service and the food was bleh.\nI rather go to SkinnyFats in Las Vegas
Great fit for Ballantyne.  Prices are very reasonable for lunch and/or dinner.  Great atmosphere and excellent food!  Shoe String fries would be my only complaint.  \n\nStaff was very friendly and accommodating.  I will be back for sure!
Food is good when you can get it. The service is atrocious. Tried it twice and the first time service was ok and the second time I wanted to end my life or the servers
I was most pleasantly surprised.  I'm glad i did not pay too much attention to the mediocre star rating and occasionally bad review.  The service was excellent and the food was outstanding.  I am planning to eat there again when I am in uptown.  I would recommend it to others.
A theme of East Coast beach from the 70s. This place was doomed from the start. Fried. Expensive. Zip for vegetarians. Obnoxious presence in the neighborhood with no parking. How soon will it go away?
Had part replaced due to recall, now making odd noises from that part. They want me to pay $100 to get it checked out. How does that make sense? Might be service tech's bad decision, but this does not make me want to continue to give them my money.
Oh ya, me likey. Large store with lots of shoes. Good deals like buy 1, get 1 half off. Large selection, and its not that busy, so you can shop in peace without having to fight off crazy shoe loving women from getting the last pair of your favorite shoes.
Best craft beer in Charlotte, whatever they do they do to perfection.  The depth and character of their beers is among the best I've had from any brewery, and I consider myself a proud beer snob.
Good solid deli fare. I have tried several sandwiches and they have all left me satisfied. I suggest they invest a little in the atmosphere if they want people to dine in (maybe they don't).
Worst service ever! Ordered a wake up wrap and black coffee and waited 15 min. Went to the mgr to get a refund and simply gave me my money back without even offering an apology or offering to get my order for me! Sad bc I usually love Dunkin!
Open all the time. Good Chinese for what it is. Could be cheaper but it's reasonable.
Had a wonderful experience! Friendly helpful staff, was in and out without any waiting around! And they have great prices for cash patients!
Terrible! Worst foot massage ever n I've been to many. Total lack of effort. I almost  wanted to quit halfway through. DO NOT WASTE Your time n money here!!!
Worst costumer service, ever. Even asking for help we couldn't get help. No one greeted us. How does this place stay in business? If my husband didn't spend so much time picking out clothes (with NO help!) I'd go and return them. I still might.
Nicer more kind and better at their job than ANYONE I have met in the state! Excellent business and I would not waste my time or money going anywhere else! Hannah and her husband are amazing and they are new owners.
Second visit. First time long wait but plenty of open tables. This time I was seated with no waiting. The new drinks were good but my meal took forever to arrive. No forks no knives. Meal was cold. This experience was a $80 slap in the face.
Great joint. Small, unique, welcoming, with very good pizza. A new addition to the rotation.
I can't say enough about this great spot! We were here for drinks and cookies (made next door). Even though this place is always busy, it doesn't take us long to check out. Everything is 5 star!!
\"Meh\" pretty much says it all. And not even a cheap \"meh\" at that. Kinda cool atmosphere, high prices, unexceptional food and passable service. Why bother?
Good pizza for sure. A little bit of a mix up on menus because you can only order certain things take out or at the bar and other things at the table. The price is good though and the service is attentive.
I've been here a couple of times   The service is good the staff very friendly. But their food is mediocre at best. I really don't understand why everyone LOVES this place.  I would much rather go somewhere else to satisfy my chicken strip craving.
Michelin should take its star away! VERY poor service, even by Vegas standards. Very salty food. Overall, a disappointing experience
Horrible service. The employees did not speak good english, and were upset that this whiteboy speaks spanish. It was not a good guest experience, and they were rude. If I had the time to stop elsewhere, I would have walked out. I will not return to this location.
Went on a Saturday night with 4 other guests.  Started with the Garage Board which has a delicious array of meats, cheeses and crostini.  I had the shrimp pasta special which was perfect.  All other guests were very happy with their meals.  Service was attentive and helpful.  Will be back.
Went here for drinks (imagine that).  We had some of their specialty drinks.  Not bad.  We went there a while ago.  My husband refers to it as the \"fuzzy green pillow place\".  Haven't been back in a while. We will have to try it again soon.
The just fine egg would probably be a better name. Good potatoes, bad hollandaise. Good coffee. OK service.
this place is just okay.  the  staff is nice and they have FABULOUS lunch specials!  but i've had better sushi.  it's not bad, and it's a great value, which keeps me going when i have a desperate need for sushi on a budget, but it's also not my favorite.
Staff was Great... But, the food not as tasty (tacos/burritos - it had no flavor unless you put hot sauce on everything) & to me, it was not authentic as the store down University.
10mins wait time on saturday night at 10 pm but two orders of pho came out in 3 mins! Pho soup is full of flavor but the portion of noodles and bmeat is smaller than I've expected, vegis are really fresh but cillantro is little dry. it will get you full though.
The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because it's small.. so when it gets packed, it's kind of a nightmare. The food and atmosphere is great though. I love this place, just be advised you probably want to get your order to go until they expand or start delivering to your area.
Good selection, but the food was rather boring. Ate here once. Won't go back. Go to the food court or tgi Friday's instead
No bacon on my Bacon and Cheese Quarter Pounder!!!!! Kind of an essential ingredient for that particular burger....
These donuts are very hard to top! They taste incredible and are very cheap! This is always my morning stop on my way to work.
Nachos here were a lifesaver when I was drunk. I don't remember anything else except that they were tasty. I also remember the salsa here was pretty good!\n\nHm. Don't recall anything else.... sorry for not a super useful review!
Fun staff, amazing coffee. Try the caramel mocha frost. \n\nI hate the smokers outside... gross! And they ruin the view.\n\nI love this location because it's close to Whole Foods. :-)
Worst ted baker shopping experience ever, there's a sales guy with weird hair, he is super rude!
Ummmmm.    beer.  Tried the porter and red.   Both good.\n\nThen I went  back a month later and had the Chocolate Stout.  That one is the best yet!!
My nails looks adorable, and Antwan was fantastic! He was so friendly and great conversation!
Kim took care of me. I had powder acrylic on and the last tech messed them up. She put liquid gels on for me. My hands feel clean and pretty. Thank you.
Good place to get a coffee or tea.   Assorted. Angels and muffins.   I tried the nuttella strawberry muffin and it was very good.  Enjoy the place.  Very friendly and affordable
Carpet is torn up, locker rooms are in a sever need of a remodel from 1986. Equipment is old and there are always 5-7 machines broke. Seriously, this should be the crown jewel for Phoenix area 24 hour fitness gyms. Especially for the area. What a let down.
Wife & I stopped in for breakfast at the recommendation of some friends. Waited almost 10 minutes before someone took our drink order, so we ordered food as well. After waiting another 30 minutes, without drinks, we got up and left.
Cindy does an excellent job grooming and her daughter is very friendly and very mature. They all seem to be compassionate & caring for our furry kids.
Make an appt online before you come in for the genius bar to save yourself some wait time!
It like the Starbux next to it, but with booze. Great place to sip an alcoholic drink and a better wifi reception than in your room at the Luxor. Service is great and you can complain about overpriced drinks, but i got some work done here (i know, who is working in Vegas!)
Still not a fan... infact I feel like a fool with the 4 star reviews. I guess I was hoping for more and gave the benefit of the doubt.
Very disappointed after finding out that they are not organic!! I thought a place called greens and proteins would be an organic focused place! Don't be mistaken people!
I am updating this review rating as the General Manager contacted me directly, so am appreciative of the outreach. Has anyone else tried? Let me know if I was way out of line with my review.
Number 11...that is all
And this is why if I lived in Vegas I'd be a fat ass.
This buffet was actually pretty good. We came here around dinner time. Price was 33 per person. They had sushi, chinesee food, american, soup and salad.  I love there desert bar. They had these chocolate mousse served in shot glasses..I had 3 of them. :)
Tons of beer options and great tvs for watching sports. They even have gluten free beer options.  I like the black leather couches up front, comfy! They do offer seating outside too!
Decent food. Ordered the Sicilian pizza not knowing what it really was. The crust was super crunchy I was hoping for doughy. Place is really nice inside and the service was good.  Huge portions. I don't think ill return just wasn't for me. But is worth a try
From start to finish the place is great. Seared Big Eye Tuna was the choice of the evening and they did it right. Service was top notch. Great Wine list too! It's a must if you are in the Area.
It's getting three stars for the beer selection.  The hot dogs are nothing special, nor is one enough if you're hungry. I can buy a package of hot dogs at Giant Eagle and get the same effect times 10.\nLast time I was there someone said the pizzas looked good. Next time.
I think this place gave me food poisoning.
I would give this place a 0 star rating but it won't work so anyway, this place is awful. The girls working in there are rude. Talking smack about customers behind the counter. Appalling. I will never go back there again. Worst customer service in the world!
We love this place. The drinks are great. :)  Cool place, neat vibe and it gets you out of Fremont Street for a bit.  Have some chow next door at Triple George.  You will dig it if you don't go in right before close.  Rock on with your bad self and light the party light!  :)
GREAT view.GREAT view.LOUSY service,our waiter basiclly ignored us the ENTIRE night.If you go pray you don't get the waiter w/ the french accent.
Love this place!!! Clean and professional service. Can't beat the price! They do amazing jobs with my acrylic nails.
This place is run by rude teenagers. The orders take FOREVER, the smoothies aren't very good and if they get your order wrong, they argue with you about what you ordered. Avoid this place!
One of the best hidden treasures that I've found in Phoenix.  Truly a neighborhood vibe and a very nice break from the downtown Scottsdale crowd.  The scallops and short rib that we had were to die for.  I've been here twice now and the service is always amazing.
LOVE the brushetta!\nGreat location - fabulous service - and nice wine selection!
I love my burger.  I got the habanero burger. It was juicy and delicious.  The staff is great except when they come visit your table, it can be quite uncomfortable as they get in real close and feel like they are intruding.  Love the food though and the service
Great environment! Really great food! I live right around the corner and will definitely becoming back! Thank you! Tip: order the deviled eggs..soooo delicious!
I chose this place because of rating on yelp. But really, 4 stars? According to the reviews Pho might be good but about what we took can't say the same. Sorry! I would love to see white meat of chicken instead of fried skin. Not everything seemed to be fresh... :(
Had a great time.  Was really campy and silly. The cast was quite funny. Go prepared to just cut loose, don't take it or yourself too seriously and just enjoy (a drink or two helps as well). The whole thing was fun and funny.
Have ordered take out from here several times and would recommend to anyone close by. Food is always done extremely fast and it tastes delicious. Caterpillar roll is the best!!!
Front desk staff very friendly upon arrival but beyond that not much I can say that's positive.  \n\nI was given a handicapped-accessible room right next to the elevator.....sticky drink rings on the night stand next to my bed that housekeeping never cleaned.  Definitely not impressed with the room.
Good food, good price, good service.
Our service this time was not what it used to be.... I'm sorry to say.  I love BWW! But for the price of the food,  I've had much better service else ware.  This location has been closed once before.  =/
Had to get some specialty copies done, and the line that was just ME waiting, quickly turned into 6 of us.  There was little to no initiative by the employees, and I won't even blame them.  I understand why FedEx just acquired Kinkos, it was probably going out of business.
Very good sandwiches, although they are somewhat small sandwiches. Due to small sandwiches, its usually best if you buy chips along with the sandwich or perhaps buy another one. Still very good.
The burgers were sexmazing , I would recommend this place for the burger connoisseur , start off with the wings they were fantastic.
I come here often with my boyfriend and the turkey burger and muscle builder burger is awesome! Protein coffee shake is a must as well!
The Server was great in directing us to order great selections to share family style.  Fresh crab legs were the best ever, as well as Chilean Sea Bass, chopped salad, potatoes, and rib eye and Raumbauer Chardonnay.  Perfect dinner.  Several years ago had dinner in the Miami original location.  Same great service from professional staff and outstanding food!
Always  make it a mission to have one when in vegas! They do the job. Alway want to save the cups but never do..lol too lazy to carry them around VIVA FAT TUESDAYS! :-P
This particular branch of Coffee Tree is dirty, dingy, warm, and small, and it often has sticky surfaces.  The coffee is great, but I'd rather stoop to the level of Starbucks a block away than risk getting some crazy infection from drinking my coffee in a cesspool.
I wouldn't go here unless I only wanted to drink. Very loud. The fish and chips were overcooked and the turkey from the carvery was disappointing. The sides of pickles ,coleslaw and fries-none were worth eating. They do appear to have a large beer selection.
This place can be fun...if you make it fun. Mediocre waitstaff, mediocre food. \n\nI have some good memories here, but I probably wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  \nAgain, it's not bad, but there are tons of better options!
Pretty good little sports bar. Staff is friendly. Had hot honey wings. They were ok, not fantastic, but not bad. I'd get them again. Friend had sliders and onion strings and he loved them. Overall a good place for a beer and catch the game.
In the time I've been living on the road I have never had a worse experience.  Bad service, rude desk clerks, terrible management!  Waiting outside our doors at 9 am to get out when checkout is 11.  I would not suggest this hotel to anyone staying in the Charlotte area!
Like fellow reviewers, I've never eaten Nepali food outside of here and its sister restaurant Chautara, I've had several amazing meals here. Simple fresh food in the traditionally laid-back State Street atmosphere. Everything I have had was good here. Great for vegetarians and those seeking a unique ethnic-fod experience.
Second ipad screen I've gotten here...took an hour, they even gave me free corner repairs since I'm a repeat client.
love the miso ramen. I ale for two orders of eggs because they are so delicious. my husband and I have been twice answer will definitely be back again soon. the restaurant is small but way worth the wait
I loved the cozy, dark atmosphere and enjoyed the rose hookah I had as well. I didnt find the flavour weak. I thought the service was fine, my server didn't speak english too well, but wasn't rude at all.
Unless this place is under new management, this is a very dirty place.
We went here for a happy hour & loved all our food. We had all the good greasy fried food & it was delic.
This place is horrible. The food is terrible and this is my first negative review on yelp EVER. \nDo not waste your time do not buy the groupon...
Very good food and service. We were the only patrons in the restaurant, maybe because we arrived early right when they opened. Even the chef came out to welcome us.
Really fun club. Make sure you get a table. Otherwise it's not as much fun and the drinks end up costing too much. Plus no wait in the line.
The last time we had such amazing food was definitely in a fine dining establishment in Cabos. The flavors were amazing of everything everybody had in our party. The margaritas were awesome. Two brothers and a sister own this place. They are amazing, courteous and so hospitable. A must go to place.
It's an awesome, cool place with yard, outdoor pool and hot tubs!!! Had a great time with my girls there~~~ Make sure you are on the guest list to get in easier without cover charge.
Ordered breakfast, and it took 31 minutes to deliver it to us.  Eggs were over done, and bland bland bland.  I'm willng to try their pastrami burger and report back, however.
My last visits at this place has been wonderful. The staff is very nice and super friendly.  I think i found my nail place.... i will definitely come back.
I tried the  sliders and Crispy rice tuna. It was decent but  overpriced like most places in Vegas. Nothing to go back for.
Service is the word or lack of it.  WOW!
Uggghhhh! Not only was te service cruddy but the food was crappy. Which makes me so sad cause Wendy's used to be great.....I need to just let go of the past yummy Wendy's days and move on. :-/
Nice place , cupcakes were good and coffee was ok....
By far the best New York style pizza place in Vegas.  I used to think it was Metro, but Cugino's is better and for half the price.  Also had the #1 and #2 sandwich which were both, again, the best I've had in Vegas.
Nice atmosphere, right uptown. Great spot for pizza in Charlotte! (They also have good wings)
Our guide James was awesome! ATVs were easy to learn, trail was a ton of fun! Would definitely recommend.  We won't go back to Vegas without going on another ride with Above All Las Vegas!
STAY AWAY FROM THIS LOCATION! Unless you enjoy being physically attacked by employees 4x your size.
Great food up and down the menu with arguably the best French Fries in town!
I go here on a regular basis. Great food across the board, high quality ingredients and large portion size. I've not heard they closed, that would make me very sad, hope they are just looking for a new location as I've almost never had better Thai food anywhere. Finding a place like this in Concord was awesome.
My husband enjoyed his spinach and mushroom frittata  and my cinnamon French was yummy. Fresh fruit on the side   Completes the meal.\nThe atmosphere was cozy accompanied by hot coffee!!!
Finally found a Dentist that actually cares about your teeth and well being.  Very professional and kind staff. Dr Phan even takes the time to call later in evening to make sure you are doing well after a visit.  Glad to have found a family dentist for the family.
The club oversold so many tickets that the entire club was basically group-hugging everyone.The bartender literally screamed in my face, spit-flying and all, and told me to \"wait the fuck [my] turn!!\" ... never coming back. I'm not even sure why I came.
Food was not good at all. Server was very friendly but was not available often.  Would not recommend to a friend
Sushi was pretty good, but the fried chicken looked good. Yes. I said fried chicken.
They have a great lunch special.  For around $9.00 you can choose either a slice of pizza, pasta or a sandwich with either a really good salad or soup. Also included in this price is your beverage. Not a bad price for a lunch.
I love REI. Their prices might scare you at first, but you really do get what you pay for. REI backs up everything they sell with an excellent return policy. Their employees are also knowledgeable and passionate about the outdoor lifestyle. To sum it up, REI provides an excellent end-to-end buying experience.
The worst service ever people don't do their job and wait time is over an hour and the people who work here are rude
Since the owner offered to make it right I have improved my rating based on his interest in customer happiness, I always try to be fair.
I heard today that it's on it's way out of the Quarter, but I'm definitely not surprised. It's way over-priced and just not that amazing. Hopefully something better will take it's place.
Went in for a Take Out Order without calling first... Took just a few minutes and the food and it was excellent..... Am looking forward to visiting again!
This place is great!! Fresh ingredients, awesome recipes, welcoming atmosphere, living in Tempe it's well worth the drive. Every time I go there I always leave happy ! And don't forget to try their milk shakes and French toast fries!!! Keep it up PvBC! Open a store in Tempe!
they are so kind and caring
Went back last night with the girlfriend to give it one more shot.  Lukewarm french fries, and again, I was not impressed with the burgers.\n\nThe people that work there are friendly enough, but I guess I am just not a fan.
BIG bummer!   Got over 3 miles away before I realized our eggnog lattes sucked.  Allllllll foam....very little eggnog.  Ripped off.  I'm a Starbucks regular (allllllll over the nation) - and these 2 lattes were sub par.  Pissed.
This hotel smells like a dirty bar that hasn't cleaned their pipes in years! For the amount of money this place makes they can at least make it smell nice. The only thing that saved this place for me was the house of blues and the foundation room.
Decent casino. Watch the dealers. I had 6-7-8 on blackjack and she tried to hustle me pretending I lost but I caught her. But my gf and I made good money here so it was a good night overall.
2 large cokes for almost $5 !?!?\n\nHell with you, czar of sirloin!  I'm going to McDonalds, Carl's Jr or QuikTrip from now on.
I do not believe how this place got the rating that it has. I got burnt, over cook shumai, precooked and dried out chicken.  Food is bad to go along with the unhelpful order taker.  I will not be back.
The food is decent and always fresh but it doesn't justify the prices. The htipiti is excellent.
Awesome beer selection and ditto the wine and food.  Being a beer nerd I love the 16 beer taps, rarely I go to Vintner and have a hard time choosing taps.  Jeremy and Co. does a great job rotating taps and the bottle selection is also awesome.
WARNING! Check to see if they give you EXACTLY what you ordered if it is to go..They never get the order right..Whoever owns this place should look into replacing this incompetent staff of low IQ teenagers.
Best hunny nut walnut shrip ever!! My fav chinese restaurant in vegas :). Always has best customer service.
Why did I wait in line to experience this?  It was a mediocre experience, at best.
I went to see a movie on Christmas and wasn't impressed with this theater. The women's bathrooms were pretty dirty and had toilet paper on the ground and dirty counter tops. The customer service was good and the popcorn was fresh but I just feel like the theater needs to keep up with its cleanliness.
Yum! I love the Turkey Burgers here!! The food is always great and service is incredible. Totally worth paying $12 for a turkey combo.
Server was nice and attentive. Thus the two stars. Food had zero redeeming qualities. Mushy and flavorless.
Sad day not that great. :(
The food was edible.  OK at best.  Was not worth going out of your way to get but if you are going to the movies next door and your cravings some Asian food then perhaps this place is for you.  I ordered food for the family of five.   No one was happy with the food but it filled their stomachs.
Good food great quantity and good service all in all really good place to go
This place is terrible. There were three employees working and I was the second and last person in line. They took over 15 minutes to make my bagel! They messed the two orders ahead of me up and they had been waiting over 20 minutes. The place was full of pissed off people and the staff seemed totally incompetent.
Fresh ingredients, great prices, and hefty portions.  Myself and two other co-workers got sandwiches from here and could all only eat half of the foot-long sandwiches we got because they had so much meat.
Definitely a bit entertaining, but too much of the same thing over and over again.  I have to say I like some of the special effects, but overall we came out of the show not too entertained and almost felt like we got rob for our money.  For the price there is better shows in Vegas.
A glorified motel.  Horribly outdated, shabby, can hear neighbors, loud wall unit a/c.  I travel for work and this is the worst hotel I've stayed in for awhile.  Will say the staff was friendly though.
Great steak and rib-eye! Watch out for the portions! They are gynormous!
I've really grown to like the food at mundo but for the life of me I can't figure out why they would serve their corn dish in the dead of winter.  do they not realize the corn tastes more like wood and no amount of cream and cheese is going to change that fact.
What a lovely store!!!! My daughter and I were told to go to this Little Shopping District on Monroe St. It is our second visit here and both times we walked away with great clothes and great deals. hope to be back again soon!
It's Ihop, good when nothing else is open and you want breakfast.
The food and the beer were good, the service was ok, and the restaurant itself looked, smelled, and sounded like an oversized bar. There was live music there and even before they started, the people downstairs were very loud...to the point we couldn't hear each other across the table.
What a place.  So many different classes to take.  Hot Pilate's will Kick Your ASS!\nIt gets crazy busy, but its crazy good!  Theres also a raw/juice bar downstairs!
You can never go wrong with In n Out even when they get your Oder wrong... \n\nThey fix, refund, accommodate and deliver your correct order to your table.\n\nAnd I love my grilled onions with my burger!
Worst Buffet ever! \nNever again. \nQuality sucks, Service Too!
Venetion hotel is less confusing, more spacious, cheaper and better service
this is the best place and service to get a spray tan.\n\nfast - and looks great .\n\ni highley recommend this place to everyone
Honestly who knew the Flying Biscuit had booze?  Awesome, what a bonus! The grits at Flying Biscuit are fantastic, they are creamy, dreamy delciousness, perfectly salted and loaded with fat. What more could a girl ask for? A great little neighborhood spot with an outdoor patio too!
Decent enough food.   Although the edamame alone is worth the trip.   That was really the standout for me.    The cocktail menu is varied and great.  Love the cucumber mule.  The waitstaff was excellent and very knowledgeable about every aspect of the menu.
awesome burgers! the service is always super friendly! avoid the drive thru its more like a parking lot.
Busy place in the evenings. \nServer was good.\nFood was good. \nI will go back to try something different.
This Target is a tiny bit cheaper then the other Targets I go too. They also seem to have other things that the others don't have. But the don't stock up on the sale items sometimes.
Excellent food & great service, especially when I want Mexican and my friends want Chinese. We're all happy !
Went here for a routine check up  and wasn't impressed with the service, facility or prices.
Overpriced and mediocre quality sushi. They crank the rolls out very fast so that's good...but also bad because they're not put together too well.
I stopped in for the Nike FuelBand and some Run Las Vegas gear.\nEmployees were helpful and spent some time letting me try on the FuelBand so I was sure which size I needed.\nNice selection for both sexes and cool wall displays.
Great food. Great service. The cubano is awesome
You can rarely go wrong here.\n\nLove the chips & salsa!\n\nHave become a big fan of Boneless Buffalo Chicken Salad!
Excellent quality
I tried this place for the first time today and definitely will not be going back.  They are very pricey for what you get, and everything was way to greasy.  They also got my order wrong, but were quick to fix it.
Talk about weak sauce. This place has dry. Dri. Drei. Dryyyyyy Pulled pork!  And drowning it in their boring sauce does not help things. In fact, given that they use seemingly store bought hamburger buns, drowning it in sauce makes it nearly impossible to eat.  Very sad pulled pork sandwich.
Awesome Indian lunch buffet! If quality of food is important to you , you will love this place.\n\nEven, for a change, I liked the dessert options.
Not real Japanese ramen noodles. I also had the grilled squid which was OK and the gyoza. I would go elseware for ramen!
Not a big fan... was out of most alcoholic beverages attempted to be ordered.  Food was decent, but service was mediocre.
Interesting and quirky museum to say the least with fascinating works of arts and some actually pretty nice paintings.
A great hike!  This is great for all levels of hiking and great for families.  If you are in Phoenix/Scottsdale and looking for a great hike - then go.  It is a crowded trail and the parking lot fills up fairly quickly.
A great place to grab something nutritious, light and quick!  I travel to Pittsburg for work, so it is nice to have a reliable place with fresh and healthy ingredients.  The staff is always happy and friendly too!!
Fish Sandwich was good when we got it. Ordered it but the waitress ordered crab cakes, when informed we had ordered the Fish Sandwich she got us the right thing. Prices are high for a restaurant but a good pub??
F-ing Sucks!!!! After waiting for 30 min to be seated took another 30 just to get some water! Avoid at all costs! Would give it negative stars if I could. Watch the staff too, they try to get out on you
My husband stayed here for a business trip and I visited him. The fridge and stove are handy to save money making your own food. The room was very clean. Wish there was more silverware in the room, but the dollar store up the street solved the problem.
Do not eat here. Or be careful if you do. I got food poisoning from a burger. I had the blt and it was deceit but then 5 hours later it went south real fast. \n\nEat here at your own risk.
Good food, had to get it re-done because it was swimming in a pool of oil. Went there for lunch and apparently, there was only server and one assistant for the entire place..our food was very delayed. However, they do have a good menu and the food is certainly tasty.
My husband liked it more than I did.  Really for the price I can think of lots of other things I would rather do.
I agree with the other folks.  I always get the orange (sunrise I think) and it is wonderful.   They also have a great mango smoothie.   IN fact, I like everything in the store.  I will change the name of my dogs to Smoothie and King, that is how much I like this place.
This place jipped me on a order for crispy chicken tacos.  You're supposed to get 4 crispy ones OR 3 soft ones.  I got 3 crispy ones.  WTH!  Give me my missing taco!
Loved it!  It was the same style as the New York one, only more Vegas. The food was eh, but who cares about the food when they go there?  Its all about the Frozen Hot Chocolate for 2 and mine was fan-freakin-tastc!  \n\nLove it. Always love it.
I Love it here!  I've been here around 3-4 times... Great Chinese Food! Service is Great!  Quite, Elegant Ambience... Beautiful Asian Decor.  Love the Blond Bartender! She knows her wines!
I ordered the spicy burger, fried cheese curds and a beer for lunch at the bar. Everything tasted great, I enjoyed the large beer selection. Seems like pretty good pub menu for location.
Very nice place and great customer service. My wife and I have stayed there twice and never had any problems. Not located in the greatest area but fenced in and security cams. They also allow dogs. Very nice and great place to stay.
The food is awesome and the service is even better.
Service sucks, ordered a pizza to go and it wasn't ready got there 30 minutes after I ordered it and so it took about 40 minutes to cook a pizza, I called before they were open so it was 50 minutes total. I'm pretty sure I was the first order so I think that's a bit ridiculous
Worst Mexican chain in town.  Food is plain and low quality.  Service is delayed.  The steak quesadilla is good with cream cheese but I wouldn't go back again.
I went here with my girlfriend a few times. Seems fine. I don't have a membership at any gym so I can't compare but I can't say anything bad about it.
Closest thing to New York pizza in Vegas. I am from NYC so I know everything about pizza. Their is thin and doesn't have to much grease. The tomato sauce is pretty flavorful as well. Great job guys!
Delicious Lebanese food in a cool and cozy setting. The grilled octopus is fantastic.
Outstanding food, attentive service, delicious wine. Server was very helpful with recommendations. We loved every dish - I think the duck was the standout, but there were no leftovers on any plates. Well worth the price.
Great italian at an awesome price since it's off the strip. Staff were responsive and very speedy for a party of 10, that expanded to a party of 12 at the last minute.
Above average for airport food.   The service was friendly and the food was fresh.   The eating area needed a good cleaning.    A free to cookie to finish off the meal......better then expected.
Nice Greenway near UNCC. It is scenic with lush woods and the creek makes your workout more interesting. You can bike, walk or run on this trail. Nice trail.
I have lived here for 2 years and I absolutely love it! The staff, apartment and the location is perfect! No matter what I need, the staff always has a solution! I highly recommend choosing this place as your home!
Love the location and the salon is super cute. Ciera cut and colored my hair. Left looking and feeling like a new woman! Will def go back.
I love this church! The music is amazing, the people are very nice and its a very blessing place.
Great food and portions! Was not a fan of their coffee. Nicely decorated!
Great pizza and wings but some of the employees are rude.  Lot of good pizza in the area think I will start going elsewhere
Went to naked fish happy hour. Really bad bad service and they charge mandatory $5 gratuity. Not worth the food. Never will go back. And bad service and had to pay the tips.
This was the only place in town where I could find a steel rim in stock. They also had the best price as well. Excellent customer service. Great place overall. I will be buying my tires here from now on.
For the price?  ...hell yes I've experienced better!  Place is alright but not work the price.  If you're big on golfing and too lazy to drive or 90 years old, this is your spot! Enjoy it.
The service was \"eh\" and the food was \"meh.\" Not planning on returning any time soon.
Refused to check on the health of my baby. Uncaring staff and doctors. Terrible example of human decency.
Home plate!!  You would think put on a baseball playoff game before football. NOPE!! Better off renaming this place Inn Zone!
If you like Mexican food, do not come here. Staff was friendly and the food arrived quick, but the food was bland and I knew at first bite that it wasn't any good
Slow service, management doesn't even know there own promotions (ASU Game Ticket) which is on the counter by the register, if it wasn't for the good food I wouldn't bother but I'm not going to drive to Avondale for chicken fingers
It's noisy but a it's a chic place and they have chic foods as well lol \n\nYou gonna like it, it will make you feel classy :D
Went here because of the good reviews.  Sorely disappointed.  Messed up on suit sleeve length twice - first time way too short, second time uneven and too long.  Finally asked for my money back. And she never apologized even though it was apparent she messed up.  Boo hiss.
This is normally a solid three to four star review but, as a small business owner, I have seen their employees buying hard drug paraphenalia directly before shift.  I will no longer order food from this establishment.
didn't have a lot of inventory
This place is ok.  I was expecting a lot more.  the fitness room is mediocre.  the spa facilities are nice and clean but not opulent at all.  The clientele seems to attract guys who wear swim trunks in the spa.  Hello, this isn't the community pool.  The spa at Bellagio is much better.
It was an okay buffet. Had a really long line for no reason. The food was decent.
Going here really boils down to a question of 'why?'. The food isn't terrible, but it isn't great. It certainly isn't authentic. There are a multitude of other places in town that manage to have decent food without smothering it in bland sauces and fake cheeses.
I ordered pasta and was very disappointed. The cream sauce was lumpy and very heavy; the salad tasted as if it had been sitting in a poorly cooled fridge all day. Considering the place was only half full and I was at  a table by myself, my food took a very long time to arrive.
DO NOT EAT HERE! i guess you can if you want, if you want to overpay for some of the worst oysters i have ever had, the baked clam appetizer awful, and a mediocre Cesar salad, 1 Fuji and 1 house water,  $70 bucks.
The place is okay - I think they need to add Onion Rings to the menu but beggers can't be choosers. The food overall is okay but I still think In and Out is better.
keep hearing mixed reviews about this place so I got myself a chicken burrito there today.  It was ok, nothing special, they charge extra for the veggies, hot sauce was not spicy at all and the rice was meh.  Chipotle is way better, imo
Great food, great cocktails and great service. Staff was super friendly and accommodating.
Just picked up an order from here, the beef kebab and the beef gyro plate. $26.00 for skimpy portions, and no pita bread. Needless to say I live too far away to go back. Very disappointed. Food is nothing above average either.
You know how I feel about dirty bathrooms - this place gets 2 stars - nothing at this location was basically any better and yet the bathrooms were filthy. You can't mess up ice cream - so enough said. Don't go out of your way for ice cream if this is where you think you want to go.
As a Louisiana native, I was not impressed.
This is a cool place.  As the well chosen name says, these are Modern designs!  I've been here a few times this year and forgot that I did not write a review!
This place has great atmosphere but the good is hit or miss. I had the flat bread and asked for extra cheese, but the cheese was still skimpy! Go for the patio but not for the food!
As buffets are concerned, not one of the better ones I've been to.  Not bad but nothing special.
Grade: D\n\nNice place. Nasty, overpriced food. Dopey but hot servers.
If you don't like your food... do not send it back to the kitchen... The \"Chef\" will come out and scream at you... Stay away from this place.
Huh not good. Nice and clean place but need lots of improvement on food. Shrimps tempura was a 1 star!
Not a good experience at all. I just needed an eye exam for purchasing hardware online, and mentioned this to the staff. However, I was given some extra services that they charged me for, which forced me to utilize my benefits for hardware. Came away feeling overcharged and dooped.
This 99 cent only store is a lot better than most of the others I have been to. This store is very clean and organized. I knocked a star off because the cashier was not very friendly. Overall, an above average 99 cent only store.
The place was less crowded this time and the restrooms were a bit cleaner. The restrooms do look and smell like they could use a good bleachy scrubdown, walls and all. The drinks were tasty and service quite friendly.
Wow! I've hit pretty much every buffet in AZ and this is hands down thee best yet! Clean, fresh, great service. Try it out!
Me and my sister went here for the first time and we both ordered the steak and shrimp plate which was excellent we also ordered the flat bread appetizer which was outstanding and the service was outstanding we will be back to this location
Best breakfast in Pennsylvania period. The strawberry crepe hotcakes are incredible.
As good as Chinese food you'll find in Vegas with each dish for about $4.95 to $7. One can't go wrong. The decor is bare basics but a terrific cheap eats with great Hainan chicken.
Forced into this place by my wife, way too crowded for my liking. Families were running out to escape the music, and drunken crowd. This place magically turns into a busy night club after dark. Too loud, service was terrible, and the food was worse.
I always enjoy CPK.  Consistently good food, big menu, several vegetarian options, decent Margaritas, good service.  For a chain it's all good.
Best hotel ever! The most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in. The room is beautiful. Love the bathtub and tv in the bathroom. The shower pressure is so strong. The room is contemporary and has a view of the strip. They had a complimentary birthday cupcake waiting for me.
review on the pho dac biet - the broth was way too oily for me, other than that it was decent, they do put a lot of meat in the bowl which is a plus.
Im disappointed. Umiya is way better.  Not going back to this place again. I feel like I've wasted my money.
We seek out independent, quirky coffee houses on our travels, and this was a perfect stop for us.  The flat white I ordered was great, and we hung out in the back for 30 min before moving on.  Cozy, relaxed, almost deconstructed atmosphere but it works.
Great prices, walking distance from me!
Mediocre at best. Green tea was luke warm, rolls took longer than usual to be prepared (empty restaurant). Nothing was super amazing, I would rather go to just about any other Sushi place.
Great shop. Very open layout and friendly staff. Sometimes parking can be difficult though as it is a small shared lot.
Jeff the owner/operator is a class act that really takes cares of families, even novices like us!  We had a great time and will be back!
Pretty much an average Las Vegas buffet.  Arrived at 1 for the Brunch buffet and had to wait about 10 minutes to get a table, even though there were a large number of empty tables ready to bussed.  Food is generally fresh but unspectacular.
This place is soooooo expensive. Their only saving grace is the taste. The line is slow and long. It's just a window you walk up to and they can only make 3 crepes at a time so don't expect to get out quickly.
My wife use to work there, they don't wash their hands, they use expired sauces from a FEW years back and treat their staff like animals, the food tastes good but if you get a stomach ache after, you know why. Here's a tip, don't eat the salad
Well it is a Denny's so I shouldn't be to critical. However, the place was dirty. Hair strands and food pieces on the booth and a dirty floor. Food was typical Denny's food. Service was decent and servers were very nice.
First time here....Good ice cream.  Good service.  Nice people. Will be back.
This place is amazing!! Best meal I have had in awhile. Started with empanadas which were awesome, had beef short rib for entree which was delicious, and key lime pie for dessert.. Very impressed with food and our server was great too. Will definitely be back!!
I thought this place was good.  Their strawberry cheesecake yogurt is the best.  I do have to agree with some of the other reviews, their yogurt was a little runny.\n\nI'd go back for sure.
First class. This place is beautiful. Love just walking around the stores. Parking can get tight at times, but no big deal.  Bring your wallet.
very nice stay here i like the rooms but i think the wynn is the nicest so far
I have been doing Pilates the past few months and love it! Trish and Brenda are great instructors and have passion for what they do. The studio is beautiful and relaxing to work out in. I highly recommend Pilates Element!
Cheap rooms off the strip.\nNo more than a ten dollar ride to wynn hotel.\nDownside is that there's no early check-in.\nGaming and gambling is a plus. \n...$30 for some mixed nuts off the room service menu?
I am constantly amazed at how relaxed I am after these very difficult workouts. After a few short weeks, I'm feeling so strong! Kea and Miranda are knowledgable, intuitive, and inventive.
I like it here....less noise, upscale but not snooty....very convenient location!
Bacon Night (with dollar beers) and Fish Bowls, nuff said. A must go to bar for downtown Madison on the weekends.
Food was outstanding.  Well worth the wait! Nonstop customers!
My wife ordered the ribs and I ordered a steak not only did we wait for over 30 minutes but then her ribs were cold and my steak was still walking! We had to send it back and after an hour and half we finally got to leave. Will not be going back there
Only 1 person in front of me, and you end up waiting for 20 mins for a regular 5.00 pizza...
Very disappointing!  One of the worst steaks ever, they don't even grill them, cooked on a flat top.  No flavor at all.  Service matched the food quality.  We won't be back.
The only thing I miss about living in Phoenix is that I can no longer frequent Caffe Boa.  You just can't go wrong here.  The food is outstanding.  Don't let the strip mall fool you.  This place is a gem.
Skip this place. All food (appetizers and entrees) came out at the same time and server just said sorry.  The food portions were large but mediocre in quality.
Although I've never played this course, I give it one star because of their 48hr cancellation policy. If you are an out of town golfer do not book at this course, because if you can't make your round for any reason you WILL be charged regardless. \n\nYou've been warned.
N9ne steakhouse exceeded my expectations service was fabulous ridiculously pricey but hey you only live once.
So so good on any day today was exceptional cold out so of course Spicy miso soup was in order and it did not disappoint I have and still do recommend this Restaurant to all my friends and neighbors and business associates .EXCEPTIONAL
Great!!! Service... Beautiful Inimate & classy ambiance.. My 2nd trip there & still the best ribeye steak I have ever had.... I highly recomend !!!
Food is disgusting, Drinks are expensive , the manager is rude and the bartenders overcharge to make extra money. They have no AC.
Excellent food and great prices! Traditioal food, family atmosphere and the host larger groups and have catered a few business events for me. \n\nA+++++
Food and service were wonderful, and the tomato salad and rack of lamb (which I ordered rare) magnificent.  Only complaint was the steady thump-thump of the music (if you can call it that) which sounded like a grim heartbeat - the most depressing sound I've ever heard as background to a fine French dinner.
L'endroit est sympa. Un peu cher pour un bistro (non pas un restaurant). Service minable (sans exag\u00e9ration). Je ne recommande pas, je n'y retournerais pas.
They have a better array of beading materials. The customer service overall is just bad at this place.
Great sandwiches loaded with meat, and $6.50 for the combo is a great deal!
Don't
Just not the best service. I'll try again.
I was in Scottsdale on business and this was a great find for happy hour. The pork in a kettle is awesome, a must try along with the crabcake.\nNice people sitting at the bar.....\nThe place is in the corner of an office building and easy to pass by.
Way too overpriced, lied about not being able to perform a task and gave a quote close to $1000 for something I didn't need. Went to get a second opinion at another shop & got my car up to par for $300. Just another car repair place trying to cheat you out of every penny you've got.
Car wash is ok.  Their express is not.  Very slow car wash.  Even with no line.
I went Saturday night after midnight and there were 8 people there. Something was going on over by the pool table and the bartender was surrley..\n\nPro: \nNice door guy\nNo cover\n\nCon:\nno peeps on a Saturday night
Wow...ok I don't want to get in to details..the waitress started to scold me for ordering more stuff... period.. f this place..busy or not this is never understandable. Never ever again n so does to everyone I know.
We needed something quick to eat before the cinema & so we thought we'd give this a try.\nThe service was efficient & the food was really tasty. I had the chicken dhansak and it was one of the best I've had in ages. If you're in the area it is worth checking out.
I was less than happy with the value factor here but the tastiness was on mark. I am not sure that I will actually come here again because there is a Nathan's so close by! I want to really say that this place is OK... But...well, I'm still hungry $12.00 later!
No insurance... UTI... a small cash investment netted me a script with refills for pain relieving , sleep allowing , life saving antibiotics... JOY!
The last time we were here, my pizza was good but my friend found a long hair in his food but the manager took the price off the bill.
Love the atmosphere and the food is great! The sweet potato tots are really good. I went one time and terrible service and when I mentioned something about it to the owner they immediately addressed it and bent over backwards to make sure my friends and I left happy!
Best nail salon in northwest Las Vegas ! Amazing service , always willing to do what I ask even though I am picky ! I won't go any where else !
I checked in to find a clogged toilet, dirty underwear in the bathroom, and dirty pillow sheets. I thought I checked in to the Westgate, not the SHITgate.
I would suggest this restaurant to anyone. Great food at atmosphere. Cannot wait to come back and try something else. Owner is very friendly. Good to see and owner out and about in the restaurant!
Fast, cheap pizza. Tastes better when drunk.
I didn't know this place changed owners, but I'm a fan. I liked the previous place, but like this one even more. The broth was so flavorful. Deep, rich, and aromatic broth with a good punt of noodles and meat. Hands down my go to pho spot in the southwest!!!
Phenomenal sandwiches, among the best I have ever had anywhere in the country (inclusive of New York, Boston, Philly).  My favorites are the O'keefe and the Jazz. The pastrami is amazing as well.
Stopped for a quick lunch and what can you say. A couple of classic Nathan's hot dogs that go snap when you bite them, fries, and a soda are hard to beat for a fast food meal. Especially for a hot dog lover like me.
Average show worth the price of free if you can get them. Juggler comedian was the highlight.
Enormous amounts of food. Peach salad was the best.
This place was really gross. To bad there wasn't a zero star. I got the Bobbie because I thought it was creative but it was disgusting. I pulled out a piece of hair and I got a soda. The total was like 15 bucks. It sucks. No recommendation
Travis was fast and efficient and reasonably priced.  Hopefully we won't need him to repair our carelessness but if we mess it up again we will definitely be calling HNS!
The service was great and the food was delicious. Nothing to complain about. Will def go back again soon
It does not surprise me that there are so many negative reviews for this Safeway. This is the worst staffed Safeway in the valley. I stop here often and it is always the same. Expect extended waits because there are NEVER enough lines open.
Good variety, really good prizes, service could be better. Sales people are really not interested in helping you find the right jeans model but are at least smiling..
I stay here when on business trips near the Montreal airport. As noted by others, a solid value for a Fairfield Inn. The excellent and friendly staff are a key attribute of this property.
I placed my order and got what I wanted.  That's fine.  But why was I bothered by the Barney Fife rent-a-cop?  He had the nerve to keep coming past me and after he asked a bunch of dumb questions.  Oh Maybe It's Because I Look A Certain Way...
Great show tonight. The wife and I had second row seats. The show was very  entertaining, a little raw humor, cursing but over all a great time.
The toppings and yogurt very rarely change and the staff for the most part is rude and unfriendly. They seem inconvenienced when they have to do there job. Im not a fan.
Allways loved this place. This location is nice and looks like it was newly renovated. Very clean.\nKalbi ribs are juicy and sweet.  Spam musubi are fav(:
Not as bad as I thought it was going to be. Hot girls working inside, decent prices and fairly good turnout of people inside..Will try again and might get 4th star.
Great drinks and music
This places is nasty the rice is always over cooked and the teriyaki sauce is just to salty the only good thing there is the side salad
Tasty, fast service, clean restaurant.  Gets a little crazy with the kids sometimes, but they cater to families, so what can you expect?  Shredded beef tacos and pollo fundido are great!  Really like the beans and rice (rice is moist and flavorful).
The food here was ok.  Could be better for an authentic place.
Good burgers and convenient. Can't complain!
This is an awesome whole in the wall for people who like to sit at the bar.  Bartenders are great, good peeps, and great foodies.  Give it a try when you are looking for the hole in the wall (but nice at the same time).
This is a place more to chill and gamble. It isn't really a hardcore dance club. It was much different from Moon, Rain, and Ghostbar.\n\nIf you just want to relax and look at some pretty bunnies then this is the place to go.
Just tried Sas for the 2nd time yesterday. I bought 1/2 dozen cupcakes for dinner party and every single cupcake was dry! When mine was...I asked around and got the same reviews! Icing was pretty good on each one but the actual cake was dry and crumbly. Not at all worth $3/piece!
Utensils are not sterile, and the pumice stone and callous remover tool were not new. All were not in sterile packaging/solution.\nGave an extra star for not getting an infection and for the semi friendly service.
Love this hotel.  Stay in the tower deluxe rooms.  Well worth the upgrades.  Close to the tram to get to other places.  Table games don't get any cheaper than $25 at night, so if looking for something cheaper you can go to Monte Carlo next door.  I would recommend Aria to anyone looking to stay in Vegas.
NYC prices but not NYC quality food. Had crab cakes, short ribs and spring rolls. All okay but not great. My husband and I eat out all around the world and there is room for improvement.
FOOD POISONING... I ate here last night and 2 hours later spent the entire night throwing up.
hostess received us like we were begging for food the server was just distracted as the hostess the food was  good  it was a bit over price i expected something better but not my experience with the service was really bad but the place is pretty nice
Went at 6pm and though it was packed we were seated in 5 min. Staff was friendly and attentive. Our server Grant was very good!! Food was delicious and portion sizes were good.
I always get the chicken sandwich, but recently tried a cheeseburger here. The cheeseburgers are pretty tasty. I was pleasntly surprised. The service is quick and is what you would expect from most  Cook Outs. The prices are on par for what you get. I have yet to try the shakes.
Very nice place. Great wine list. The fried calamari was fabulous. Lightly battered and flash fried. Cooked perfectly which is hard to get. I had the Rustic meat pappardelle it was heavenly. Great service!
This location is closed. Don't know if it will reopen, seemed out of place for the vibe it was trying to capture.
Guess I've never reviewed this location before but they have all the same yummy stuff as any other Trader Joe's. I think maybe they have more produce than the one on McClintock? Anyway, I am a huge fan of all their healthy snacks and reasonably priced wines.
From out of town. Great restaurant, wonderful staff, very friendly. The food was superb, excellent service, each course came exactly on time. The manager even came over to see if everything was okay. Will definately go back we we go back to Vegas!
They make good sandwiches, but I think they are overrated. The bread is fresh and warm, but on the smaller side. We got the Original, Tuna, and the Full Montagu. If you are in the area it is fine, but I would not make a trip to go there.
It was my first time to eat here and thought it was a nice little pizza place.  They cook the pizzas in a big ceramic open fire oven. I enjoyed the pepperoni pizza and the margarita pizza.
Hidden gem, tucked behind Applebee's, outstanding food, atmosphere and service.   Went with my wife and son, ordered three different dishes and shared.  Each one was better than the other.  Highly recommend Alessia's!
I went here for happy hour and they had a good amount of beer specials. The staff was friendly, the atmosphere was very nice. I would probably come back here agae.
Excellent food. This place way exceeded our expectation on all fronts. The food is a gourmet Mexican type food. The margaritas are very unique and very good. If you're looking for an upscale Latin food experience this is it. The staff was very friendly as well as management. Go check it out.
The food here was classic and really good. It had the standard items like crab, prime rib and pasta bar. Even with nothing special, this Buffett is really good. The food was prepared very well and the restaurant was clean. The staff was very responsive and friendly. I would return the next time I am in Vegas.
Good food..the chicken sandwich is pretty good. The salads look delish. The turkey sandwich would be good if they put it on some real bread.. (they put it on a thin piece of bread and it just falls apart and ruins the whole sandwich..what a mess).
The sin city burger was AWESOME! And the chili cheese fries tasted way better than they looked. Decent prices & nice atmosphere. I definitely recommend this place!
Great place to get a real deep tissue back massage, they do a great job getting the knots out and helping relaxation. Wish they do more work on the arms and legs, but can't beat walking in and no appointment needed.
Love the bagels.  But . . . Need to have the boxes ready for grab and go. Never seem to have them ready when I get here, thus waiting in line contrary to the program. Bummer.
Chicken burrito! That's all I ever get from any Chiptole anymore. This one is kinda sorta hidden over by what was long ago a  Best Buy.
Not too impressed with the food, luckily we were with great friends so we had a fun time.
I was quite disappointed to find out that they had no gluten free option on the menu. I mean even Tessios pizza has that available.
Food was not insanely good but I would probably try this place one more time.  They had lots of crazy cocktails which we had too many of.  We had a group of about 8 people and the check had the automatic tip baked in and I didn't realize it...hope they enjoyed the 40% tip.
Really damn good\n\nSometimes you want really good ice cream. Sometimes you can't eat dairy or have an attractive friend who can't eat dairy. Fret not friends, Oh Yeah has you covered. The birthday cake ice cream gave my mouth a mouthgasm.  Go there now.
I keep coming back :) Only disappointed that they do not have their frozen oranges after the meal to cleanse your palette!
HOT MESS!  \nFood was \"eh\"...\nService was seriously lacking!\nToo bad....\nOwners / Mgmt. nowhere to be seen....
Excellent customer service, delicious food! I will go back :)
food is awful, place filled with flies.  BABIES KIDS CRYING ALL THE TIME, management lets them make your time there not pleasant.  Would not recommend\nthem at all.
Fun bar but the food is not so great. Salads are pretty good, but stay away from the Jerk Chicken skewers. They have no spice on them. Just very bland grilled chicken. The guy really needs to visit Nagril (Jamaica) and buy some real Jerk Chicken from a late night street vendor.
Food look like it was jst tossed on plate and plate looked like a kids meal.not to mention i waited an hour for an appetizer tht ddnt even come with plates.horrible service
The pizza is rather dry, without much sauce or cheese.  Because it's so close for many of us, we find ourselves there even if the food is less-than-fantastic.  Service is good, generally, and you should order the chicken or anything other than the pizza.
Great beer selection. Great specials. Frustrated when our clueless server didn't offer happy hour prices 4 minutes before happy hour and then still didn't offer them when we brought it up.
I stop into between one and three Quiktrips every day.  These places are amazing, and run exceptionally well.  There is never a bad thing to say about anything here, and their prices are competitive.
Looks like this place closed up shop. There are no trespassing signs on both of the entrance doors.
My unchippable gel manicure that I got on Friday is awful and chipped on just about every nail... its Tuesday.
First time visiting this place and it was a good impression. The employees was really friendly & we was seated right away. The ramen was good.. And the portion was cool too. Pricing is decent also. We go there every 2 weeks so I guess it's a pretty good place lol
Best food I've ever had from counter service. Salads are great, as as well as sandwiches. Not a restaurant by any means, but great for grab and go.
Love the pistachio frap. Delicioso!
I love pizza!!!  But for some reason P.M. Is just not for me. my family loves it so naturally I'll eat it. I have not experienced anything bad from this place but I guess it just depends on the persons taste buds. Good enough to eat but definitely not my top choice.
I was at this venue to attend a blues concert. It has very little seating and the beer was warm. I thought the sound system really sucked! I was rather disappointed as I really LOVED the guy I went to see and I couldn't make out any of the music.
This place is grubbin and the cakes look nice.  If you're in LV and want some good Fillipino food, check this place out.\nThe owners are super cool.
Ouch slow service and bad food what a combo.
Tried some ribs - and I agree with the other reviewers:  outstanding!
Tried this place for the first time. Good menu but super slow service. I ordered 2 rolls and it took 35min. I had to ask for napkins and a soy sauce bowl. maybe because it was dinner time but there is only 6 tables. Food was delicious.
Very bad experience here. Service was beyond bad and the sub was at best just average.
Very disappointing.
Just go to St. Vinnie's on Willy Street. I've worked for this Goodwill, and they really don't do all that much good will compared with the awesome Vinnie's whose prices and selection are far better. I like my clothes sorted by size and not color too. Donate and shop at the far better option.
Went here before the regatta yesterday, was my third time here...consistently great, best gyros around!! Thanks.
I placed and online pickup for 7am, and they were totally ready for me with a hot breakfast! \nThe only downside was that the eggs Benedict was too sweet, as were the sweet potato tots. I was in the mood for savory and everything tasted like it has added sugar.
Rachael Hughel was such a pleasure to have assisting us in selling our home. She was very informative and expedient throughout the entire process. We can thank Rachael enough for getting us top dollar in a very short amount of time - Call her! 702-883-2291
My wife and I come here regularly. The food is very good and they have a nice variety. The Italian.selections are fantastic. Especially the baked ziti. Also, great service!
Awesome checkouts so they are In a bad neighbourhood who cares??? Take your High class behinds back to the high class ville this is the west side. Come in, friendly associates (see Stephanie) and leave easy, fast, clean and friendly..all I expect from a local Walmart
Used to be imperial. Currently under reno so place is a mess,dirty and smelly. Horrible parking.
You don't get much for your player card status at Mirage . Wi-Fi Internet access in the hotel room is terrible; which you are paying for with a resort fee.
Scam. For profit, non accredited scam school. You are better off spending $90.000.00 on mega bucks.
I was excited to go, wanted to love it. Just didn't. \n\nNothing bad, nothing great...just ho hum - all hype.
I would like to give a 0 star;(  third time I have gotten home and my order is wrong.  As I waited for my order I observed another customer complaining  about a messed up order. My food was wrong my husband's was right but tasted like kerosine or like a burning chemical taste??? So over it now!!
Terrible! Good piece of fish with tasteless batter, frozen fries,&  peas that must have been cooked at least two days previously. Either the cook was gone, or the reviews have been loaded by friends , relatives, and employees. We cannot believe that this ever got a \"best\" rating.
Moondog Records is fantastic. There is a wide variety and the prices vary. I often go to other record shops only to find that what I am looking for is sold out. I just purchased Power Slave. I was given a discount for mentioning finding the shop on Yelp. The gentleman behind the counter was also friendly. I will definitely come back.
Always clean, friendly staff. Take my child to play-place here now & then.
This place is so horrible, with the Air conditioning being so hot out side they must keep it at 80 degrees, The restrooms are GROSS and uncleaned...
Great quality food and fun atmosphere. I had the avocado hummus and the quinoa salad- both were delicious.  \nGreat job Fox restaurants on another amazing restaurant.
Their seafood soup sucks: no variety and soup base is just fried onions in water. And we had to send it back because the soup was warm.   Order something else.
Crappy food, and terrible service, I've had better at fast food chains, would not recommend this place to my enemy's, it's just awful, rude staff, unpleasant atmosphere, waste of time and money... Hard to think a place like this can survive in Vegas...
A good local chain.  Food was plentiful.  My side salad to my entree was huge!  I also had the baked Ziti in a bread bowl.  I couldn't eat it all.  Very tasty.  The server recommended to customize the dish to my taste.  I enjoyed it.
The pizza is a must every time you stay or visit the cosmopolitan. It is on the pricier side for a whole pizza but is all worth it's price. There isn't a sign for the pizza parlor but It's entrance is right be the elevator in front of the billiards table
fast, fair and good prices too.
Hands down, the absolute BEST Japanese restaurant in Las Vegas! The best sushi I ever had! You can't beat this place. This is what all Japanese restaurants should be measured against. I love this place and can't wait for my next trip to Vegas to go here!
Try the top part of the bar the bartenders are great and you can watch all the talent get rejected from Marquee all night.  Then they flow into the bar it is a great scene on Friday and Saturday.
I have been to the Union Grill at least five times. I always enjoy the food and the service is good. It's definitely a hidden gem in Oakland.
Trashy.  Like a giant ghetto dollar store.  poor quality products, sketchy environment, dirty.  Not to mention the drunk elvis impersonator.  This is not a \"swap meet\" and I'm sorry I wasted my time!
My steak was great, but my wife's pasta came out underdone and the waitress felt like having a 20 minute conversation with another table instead of fixing the problem. When we asked that this be corrected the bread came out cold and the drinks were never refilled.
Boo! How are going to charge $13 for a drink and popcorn like every other theater but not let me get a refill on my soda?  NEVER again! I will bring my own drink ! Thats IF theres a next time! Smh!
I am extremely impressed with the service Copperline Plumbing (Gabe) provided. He was very professional, friendly and quick to complete the repair. I didn't feel like I was overcharged either, which is a huge bonus when dealing with plumbing issues. I will definitely contact Copperline Plumbing for any future plumbing needs.
Concept is great.  Stores are cool, but expensive.  Lunch was a bummer!  Ordered chicken salad sandwich and the tiny sandwich on a great roll with the tiniest amount of chicken salad was disappointing.  For that money I expected at least a regular sized sandwich.  Glad we tried it, but won't eat there again.
Amazing crust and great pizza! They are very friendly as well
Helpful employees, Pharmacy guy seemed un-concerned with my questions/????
This was a good family show. And for the price I would recommend it. My 4 year old loved all the animals. Although the pets weren't trained very well it was overall a good show to see if you have kids
Totally recommend this landscaping company.. They did a great job. Very reliable and what I really liked is that they had more two guys show up.  They had about six. Thank you for making my yard look good again.
Tried out the new location tonight.  Great beer, the food was ok but the service was horrible.  Food took over 1 hour and our server just disappeared.  We ended up checking out at the bar.  I'd go back but I would never eat there again.
They brew their own beer very good I will be going back.
Vampiros y Tacos y Caramelos, oh my! Some of the best Sonoran food in town. There is a reason it's packed full every night.
Terrible.  Not even worth writing a review.
Discovered this place looking for desert before 'O'. The orange caramel ice cream was just insanely good. Definitely a must try.
My family and i were very excited to try Curry Garden. Unfortunately I got a peak back in the kitchen. Not very sanitary to say the least. It's too bad because this place was recommended by people we dine with all the time. I was unimpressed to say the least.
Great big portion size. Little pricey for diner food but it had all the basics and amuzing disco interior decor to make you chuckle. This area of the strip lacks in good food options so this was a good choice considering the Rivieras sad food court next door.
Very good Greek fast food.  The gyros and chicken souvlaki (kabob) are a good tasty combo. The place could be a bit more inviting inside and the orders done a little faster but the food itself makes up for all that.  I go back when I get a chance and nearby!
A little pricy but you build your own meal.  It tastes as good as you make it.
One of the better lower-scale buffets. Very nice people, hearty food, and good price. Highly recommended.
This place is sensational. Went her about 7-8 times in our 10 day stay in Scottsdale/Fountain Hills. Just couldn't get enough. Food and variety of is great, terrific decor and friendly service. A restaurant that really has it all together. Red Sangria best I've ever had.
No personality, fine for one night. Likely about a 3 star hotel, but that's a push. One night was fine but more than that go somewhere else.
After my initial 1-star update, TruCab took responsibility for their mistake. All I was interested in was them acknowledging the situation and making it right on my part, and they did just that. Other businesses could take a lesson or two from these guys in making their customers their #1 priority, and turning a bad situation into a good one.
Yummy, cool on A hot day, lovely friendly service from server. I had chocolate, salted caramel and vanilla with hot fudge. Our new after school treat.
I love Four Peaks.\nThe Grill in North Scottsdale is much closer to my house than the Tempe Brewery and it is air conditioned. It's the best place to go in the summer to get your Kilt Lifter.
Food may be decent, but when mixed with horrible service and CASH ONLY, I think not.
Good za!!' Apart from the franchise pizza this is a better alternative.  The wings are great too
Sadly, I can only give the Biltmore 3 stars. The architecture and the grounds were lovely, however the service was lacking. For the most part, the staff were indifferent, uninformed, and unhelpful. Go for the pools, the building itself, and outdoor life-size chess/checker board.
Ehhhh. Couldn't get a med rare cut of prime rib to save my ass. It was all med-well to well. Gross!
Why can I say? I walked in and was asked if I needed help no multiple occasions. When the employees act like they care and want to help, it sure makes for a pleasurable experience!
Two Words: Bath Bombs. \n\nTake them to your jetted spa tub, drop it in, grab some wine, and chillax. Your skin will feel lovely and moisturized and divine. And the prices are a titch better than Lush. Their body butter is nice too, without parabens or other crap.
Slightly on the expensive side for dinner buffet, good options for people who love meat, but usual/not much different options for people who don't eat meat. \n\nPrice would be what that could prevent me from going back.
Never buy tires here I have been through 6 defective ones and all were found by a third party to be out of balance every time.  I will say the Manager was very helpful but it is still outrageous.
This place is really beautiful. I love the decor and ambiance. It feels nice and easy. The carne asada is sweet and delicious, the salsa and chips fantastic, the fish tacos rocked but the street corn was odd and mediocre at best. And I love street corn. I'll definitely be back.
Fast and friendly staff! \nConveniently located in the food court of the Monte Carlo Hotel just feet from the elevator.
The Lamb Chops were really tasty, but other than that everything else was mediocre at best spending almost 100 per person (including tip). Service was good, but this place is over rated. If Bland is your cup of tea, go for it, and if you must go, get the Lamb.
Happy to see they put a Chick-Fil-A in this area!!! Went through the drive-through for a quick lunch pick me up, little hectic in the ordering as they just opened 2 days ago but I'll be back!
Really enjoyed my brunch. At least a 4 star place.
Excellent wait staff and service. This was the dinner option for the Cirque de Soleil Beatles show.  Save your money and eat out separate from this place...you will be glad you did.\n\nEverything was over cooked and the calamari could have been used as hockey pucks
I've had better mexican food. So-so.  Also 3.00 charge to share a plate which is always a poor sign of customer service to me.   Why is it ok for you to charge me a second time for food i can't finish. They would rather I waste it.
Good food. Attentive staff. Great place to watch planes.
This is the closest location to my house and every time I walk in they are always smiling and very friendly. I don't ever carry my card and I haven't memorized my account number, but it doesn't matter. They are always happy to help!
Had short rib, was too dry. Should have gone to Lawrys or Spago. Waiters forgot to refill our water and wine.
Service rapide et courtois, portions tr\u00e8s g\u00e9n\u00e9reuses par rapport aux prix. Leur sandwich au poulet (marin\u00e9 et cuit sur charbon) est vraiment divin !
Bad kebab
I'm not an expert on Thai food but I do enjoy eating it often.  I tried the yellow curry and while not as good as some other Thai places in Chandler it is good.  The service was good and the owner was very kind.  I definitely recommend.
Half portions of pasta make for a great dinner without being stuffed.  Travel to Charlotte fairly often for dinner, Aria is a reliable restaurant for a good dinner, nice wine selection, and overall good value.\n\nI would recommend dining here, especially if you are dining alone and still want a nice restaurant.
This place is finger licking good!!! I thought it was me last night because I was drunk that it was so good but I came back again the next day and all of us 4 love it amazing sandwiches especially the hot ones yummy!!!!!!!
Always takes forever... I dread walking in here! Hold onto your receipt! Even a recent transaction takes forever to find in their system...
Nice rooms but I'd only return I'd there was a coffee maker in the room. If the want you to get up and gamble they shouldn't make guests wait in the 40 + people long line at either Starbucks for overpriced drip !
I order a steak burrito with beans and rice and I got a rice and beans burrito with a bit of steak\n\nTaste is good\n\nService is great
The only place i have to stop by when i visit Phoenix! Food is unbelievable and the desert is so creative! Love it!!!! I wish i was local so i can eat there anytime i want! Seriously just look at the ratings, all of us can't be wrong!!!
Their customer service is terrible. I called for a quote and the guy told me to go with a different company.
God there's a lot of hookers in Vegas.  This place in particular really seems to ring their bell.\n\nThe standard 15$ cocktail rule applies here, served by either Bartender A: douche bag or Bartender B: ho-bitch.
Turns out the manager only said he was going to remove my pizza from the bill. Never did. Class act, buddy. Never again. Ever.
The employees here are not helpful and love to follow you around the store like you are stealing all their products.  Once you're done it's a burden for them to ring you up. Have questions, don't bother asking, they have no clue. It is one of the cleaner stores I've been in, thus the two stars.
Nice breakfast place. The service was good and the food was nice. The last couple of times I've been here the place was busy but food always came and our waiter always managed to check on us so I'm impressed with the really good service.
So so. Overpriced and slow. Food was bland.
Unbelievably delicious Mexican-Korean fusion at ridiculously low prices more than makes up for the lack of atmosphere and the slow, inattentive service. Try for takeout!
Great food, really happy with my choice to eat here. Prices are outstanding as well. Always warms my heart that know there's someplace I can get a really great meal without emptying my wallet.
I was very happy with my enchildas and side dishes. Chips and salsa were not as good as I have had at other Mexican places in town.
Most of the dishes were fine. Not sure why all the 4-5 star reviews. The best thing was probably the stuffed dates. The kitchen forgot our order and we didn't get our food until 40 mins later. That sucked.
I enjoyed myself the band was Great...Food was good! A little pricey for what you get...
Not worth the money.  Dribbling faucet in room 916, bed as hard as a rock, AC in the same room would grind to a stop.  Fruit flies in the lobby.  The view is great, great downtown access, but I can get 4 star in downtown Chicago for $50 less per night
This place gets 3 stars for having so-so entrees and sushi that is pricier than more up-scale sushi restaurants downtown.
Lots of tvs to watch the game. Would be nice if you could have a drink while doing so. Service is terrible, their system of multiple people serving you creates confusion and problems. Food can be hit or miss when you finally get it.
rude staff except the guy at check in. We opted for go-green (no maid service) . we were supposed to get the $8 credit for that. We never got that and the lady on the phone was rude rude...absolutely ridiculous. \nold hotel..resort fees is a joke.
Great food. Incredibly friendly service. Can't wait to go back.
the red velvet yogurt is stellar!
Strike out! Awful late night menu with terrible pizza and a chicken breast that looked like it had just come from mcdonalds. $100 that was a waste!
Not the best but not the worst either. Steak was cooked well but not the best quality I've ever had. If you're looking for a well priced decent dinner this is a great place to check out. If you're looking for aged beef and tuna tartare I would look towards the strip.
Gross buffet don't be fooled by that price you get what you paid for and I didn't pay for it.  I walked over to Quiznos and let my friends try this place out.  It's Vegas there are plenty of better buffets around, do yourself a favor and go there.
The food was great and they provided me excellent service. A side note is that i had the mionas special chicken and general yan chicken. Super tasty and price is right for the lunch combo.
The level of professionalism and quality of work is the best!!  Truly the best lawn service I've ever had!  We had another weekly maintenance service that really botched up my yard and Justin came in and not only fixed it but made my lawn even better.
Its an awesome place to shop for comics or toys. The staff is very friendly and will assist you in any way possible
Usually Have a great experience but the last time was awful! The host was very rude and our server Jeffrey was slow and sarcastic (in a bad way) the food is always great, but over all dealing with the staff was not worth it!
Beers are good as were the wings, but the burgers were a BIG disappointment. Flavorless and uninteresting.  Portions were way too big--bordering on ridiculous.  Service was good.  Would go back for a beer and appetizer but that is it
The food here is really good. They somehow make green beans and tofu delicious. Miracles never ends.  \nTheir orange chicken is the best I've ever had (no hint of that nasty ketchup flavor you get a some places) and the sizzling rice soup...there are no words.
This is going to be my last visit here....after seeing the owner put a dirty utensil in a sauce after dropping on floor, I'm disgusted!!!!
Cool atmosphere, but thats about it.  The wedding soup was cold and bland and the meatballs I had were dried out and without much flavor.\n\nI'll give it another try when the upstairs opens, but for now I'll pass.
Great yummy gluten free good! Meh service, the server couldn't be bothered to refill my water, with only two other customers. I HATE when my water doesn't get refilled :(
My 7 year old had so much fun here! There's this amazing play structure right when you enter the museum. Place was just big enough and kept us busy for a awhile. Definitely will be going back
This was the first visit to the new premises which are quite nice.  Teri, the masseuse, is very knowledgeable and provides an excellent deep tissue massage.  Pricing is more than reasonable and Groupons are sometimes available.
Wonderful service, very friendly and attentive, and the food was great too! I know for some of the old Two Hippies fans it may not be exactly the same, but I really like the atmosphere and think the new ownership is doing great things. \n\nGo for huevos rancheros!
Blue lemon is a real cute place, the decor is great, love their little coffee bar area! I ordered the Mediterranean salad with chicken it was yummy and light!  I would go again!
Fun place for fresh produce or just delicious bread, cheese and desserts.
The food is excellent here for the price. I had the prime rib. Both bone in and without(cooked perfect, med rare) stone crabs were awesome too!
It's my favorite place to eat pizza. I've tried other locations but it's not the same. My uncle came to visit who lived in Chicago thought the pizza tasted just like Chicago's pizza. Even the chocolate cake and ice cream is amazing.
Very good and friendly service.  A great stay with our grandchildren.   Laundry, wifi, parking all included.  Easy walking distance to the entertainment district.   Cabellas, across the street, doubles as a zoo for kids.\nA really family friendly hotel.
Awesome carne asada tacos,burritos, carna asada fries and horchata! Even though its not the prettiest place or area of town its worth it! They make everything there and they have fresh toppings for your food.
Good Indian cuisine. The service is great, the food is also good especially since it isn't the typical greasy style that some Indian food can be. Be sure to have the samosas and the potato chaat on the appetizer menu!
Overpriced drinks. Not that great but a cool place just to relax with the fam\nBam!
Fantastic. I highly recommend this place. The food is outstanding! WOW!!!  Get the bacon, gumbo & ribs. Yum!
A little pricy for burgers but good nonetheless.
Ppl waiting in line for free burgers on National Hamburger Day!
Good stuff in here but expensive. Go up State Street and find t shirts, hats, etc on sale.
Oh the Super Sicillian, it really is Super, and Yummy, and Delicious, and Craveable, and the Bomb Diggity For Real Yo, and Amazing, and Toasty, and and and...
A poor excuse of an \"Irish\" pub full of douchebags and bimbos.  No thank you.
Service is slow. Hostesses are haughty. The food is just ok. There are many better places to spend $60 / per person in Las Vegas.
Small. Modern. House music and techno. Not my taste but the decor was nice. Insert Coins next door is better.
This place keeps trying to take down the pics I post of their horrible work guys.  Don't go here.  They take down post that make them look bad. I promise.
Your taste buds will thank you, your wallet may not (but it's SO worth it!)
ate hear after cruising the old car show at vivalasvegas rockabilly weekend, was hungry lamf; this place sucked, thank god they had liquor, totally weaksauce! waitress was cool! def. not my fave!
When I need a new suit I only buy from Doug. He is extremely helpful and is always looking out for me. He will call me when sales are coming up or when something comes in that I might like.  I have purchased all my suits through Doug and will continue to do so.
Stopped in early on a Thursday night.  The staff was dismissive.   They change the prices on drinks by a dollar here and there.  Someone is skimming the till.   The pole dancers sucked too.
this may be the best chinese food in the valley like ny. great ribs,wonton, mongolian beef anshrimps/lobster sauce with fried rice/my favorite and house  chow fun
Had a great memory with my best friends and husband here. \n\nAlways have coupons sent to our home and always great milkshake.
Pretty good food in a snap.
There are not very many options for lunch in this area so I accidently found this lil spot, great customer service! Meatball sliders  and small pizza were yummy and you can't beat the lunch prices.  \nWill definitely return to try other menu stuff\n*check in for free garlic knots
No duh it's expensive it's in the middle of the Golden Nugget Casino. I have eatin a lot of Sushi shared a quick tuna roll and salmon roll. It was so fresh melted in my mouth like butter
Had to meet a client here for a quick cocktail before dinner. Being in the Four Seasons, it's a very quiet location; perfect for uninterrupted discussions. The service was excellent; our waiter was constantly available without being a nuisance.
I've been coming here for years. I am very happy with the quality service they provide. I usually make an appt as they can be quite busy sometimes. They provide wax services as well.
I've been waiting for this place to open so we could have a place in Surprise to eat other than the chain trash eateries. I had the egg rolls which were crispy and delicious. I also had the Pho which was hot and delicious. Service was good, prices reasonable. I will definitely eat here again.
I've been here a handful of times.  If you are in the Rampart then by all means you should stop in for typical Irish grub and Irish beer...If I am heading out with an Irish pub in mind however, I am not coming here.
Beautifull but very noisy, between the room, n\u00f4 privacy\nI coulnt sleep because of my neighbourg, and the security or the front desk never answer.\nFor the rate, I pretend more isolation in the rooms
Great meal- love the private dinning room down stairs. Great guac burger. Starters a must.
The customer service client care and follow-up of this dentist is among the worst I have come across.\nDid you not follow up they do not keep parents informed they are rude and unhelpful.
Stopped in here for a beer to check out the Friday night scene. It was an older crowd than the college like scene at Brutopia next door. Everyone was pretty drunk. There was a live Irish band playing which was fun to watch. Overall cool bar with a fun atmosphere.
If you want PHO in Pittsburgh (Considering the Vietnamese Restaurant selections) I would choose this Place over Tram's Kitchen. The Pho here is more fragrant.
Customers are good. That's all.
Well $65 later I'm going to go elsewhere to get my nails and feet done again. Not happy with the job that was done and won't go back.
ate a salad here and half a turkey sandwich.  later became violently ill, will never eat here again!
The service was and is always good, however the last 3 times we have dined there our breakfast was served cold.  There is nothing worse than cold eggs!\nEven tho it is in the neighborhood, not planning on returning.
Willys was at Bike the Drive Madison on June 3 and they tuned the rear deraileur on my Cervelo for free. I have compact gears on the rear and it was skipping mid-range and it took them about 90 seconds and I was on my way. Thanks.
Very disgusted - Shrimp smelled rotten in the wontons.  I had to spit out all of it.  Used Taiwanese Bok Choy instead of Hong Kong Choi Sum.  I would have asked for money back but I bought the wonton noodle soup as a takeout while passing through town.
I like the food here but sometimes it's really salty. They have a healthy type menu now which helps a bit. Good prices and they are usually quick. Try the soupvif you are under the weather.
Great china wasn't so great. We paid over 40 dollars for food that did not get all of the food and the taste was not good at all. Will stick with china a go go
For me, Timmies is a childhood memory. It kept me up in college, fed me on my commute to high school and embodies hockey and Canada. These are some of the reasons that make Tim Horton's and a visit home perfect!
Another great hip hop music club in the Bellagio.  Very small but if you have a table its cool and more spacious.  The dance floor is alway packed.  They always have cool special guest.  The host and service staff are awesome here.
Best service around!  Friendly staff and food is always fresh. Great theme nights for kids.
Excellent service and food. The pizza is top-notch and sandwiches are amazing. I usually get delivery, which is always faster than the 45 minutes stated. Nice cozy atmosphere when stopping in for a single pizza. My go-to place for pizza or Italian sandwiches in town.
Two thumbs up! I downloaded the yelp app in order to write this review. I have driven by the place hundreds of times but I finally stopped in today and it rocked! The staff was friendly and real. The food was Yummy with a capitol Y. I will definitely be returning for future lunches :)
Hotel key stopped working three times and had a hard time getting in without my boyfriend whose name the hotel was booked under. He had to call but they weren't picking up the phone. I understand their need for security but it's ridiculous when the key stopped working once a day! !
I've been coming here since I was a kid I love everything on the menu such a great place.
These folks are really friendly and do a great job !  Recommend highly. Regular here.
Found a place plastic coated wire in my food delivered last night. I'm disgusted and will never eat this food again!
The food here is stale. The lighting makes it very unappetizing. The \"waiters?\" are very rude. The tables are way to close to the horrible buffet. The floor is filthy. Everything here is squeezed in. There's no room. This is one of the worst places I've been.
Love Glendale Glitters, Chocolate Affair Event, and all the other year around events.  Parking sometimes suck but it is what it is.  Just did not like the pan handlers asking for change.
Cool freaking out door club / bar , do was on point during the night,  girls flowed like sea of Capistrano , i got nice at the bar , now I'm drunk looking take home a big girl lol # beergoggles
Because the line for magical forest was down the street and around the corner, we decided to head over the speedway! \n\n20$ It was beautiful, glad we got there when we did because that line gets REALLY long to get in!
Standard Starbucks, nothing too special. \n\nI liked the idea of the outside seating area, but it was squished and kind of crowded. \n\nThe inside wasn't much roomier either, but it was very clean!\n\nOur drinks were good and came out quick.
The food was \"just okay.\" food was bland and unimaginative. Over priced for what you get. So many better choices in Vegas.
The safe are super down to earth and really cool.\nMy friends car broke down in front of the theater, at least 10 staff came out to make sure we were okay. They even helped us with the car, after a long day of work. They actually care about the safety of others.
Did not like my dirty chai. Place is missing ambience. Free wifi! Great bagel sandwich for breakfast
Place was really dark for the venue... Food was ok but nothing stellar, little pricey for what we got and service was slowish.
Great place to go for bagels, I personally think their food prices are high for what you get. The only reason why I won't go back is because the staff have always been rude when we were going there. If you don't order your bagel fast enough you get attitude.
Fantastic service, very helpful! I will continue to use them for all of my related needs!
Hadn't been here in years!  The views are fabulous and the band was great.  Beer was cold, food was really over priced!  Lower your prices and improve the service, please.
I love Sharpshine!  I don't even have to leave my home to get 5 star customer service and 5 star quality.  Manny is great and really goes above and beyond.  This is a great company with great people!  Thank you,  Sharpshine!  :)
Kinda of unique bar for Madison. Is dark and small yet still has a college vibe. Seems like most people end up here later in the night. \n\nIf Brats is spilling out, go across the street to this interesting spot.  No cell service down below though.
PRO: Fun Place to go with a group.\nPRO& CON: Prepare to get sloppy!
Too bad the coffee is so so.  I've been wanting a coffee shop in the hood.
This was my time in Pittsburgh and my very first meal; I was not disappointed. Besides the fact that the food was fresh and completely flavorful, our server Tony gave us the epitome of great service. Definitely make Seviche a stop on your tour of downtown Pittsburgh.
I really wanted to like Cafe Monte...some of my friends just rave about it.  On a recent trip for Saturday brunch, however, my omelet my was nothing short of tasteless.  My friend wasn't impressed with her meal either.  I may try it again, but only not for brunch.
A lot of fun but watch your food costs. The kids are gonna want to spend a bunch on games and if you are not careful the food bill gets high.\n\nI think they have a deal on Wednesday nights so if you can choose a night go then but be prepared for fun to spend money.
The best place in Phoenix for Asian food.  That's pretty sad considering the way better choices in other cities.
Really enjoyed this hawaiian restaurant!  Great, friendly service.  The coconut ice cream shake is amazing.
Great food when they have it. They seem to run out of goat cheese curds a lot. \nDon't go on trivia night or you won't get good service. They act like you're an inconvenience when you want to eat before trivia starts.
The service was so bad, we never even got to order. The waitress asked for our order after about 5 minutes but we weren't quite ready and she never came back despite our attempts to get her attention. 20 minutes later we left and as soon as we were out the door she was cleaning up our table. We will not be back.
Ordered at 9:55 for a 12:00 delivery. Got a call at 12:05 that they'd be late. It's 12:37 now. I'll keep you posted...
Worst wait time ever.   Over 30 min. Servers are rude when confronted on the empty seats and the line not moving.
One of my favorite places to eat. They have so many great options and I am never disappointed. This place is a must try!
Might have helped that I went on Dec 23rd and place was half empty. Still, place was clean, half empty and fast. I was in and out in half an hour for a title and reg. Patrons didn't smell of beer and urine, unlike the other ones I've been in. Bonus!
I actually like this hotel. It is cozy and the rooms overlook a big Atrium with a waterfall setting. The Buffet, Steakhouse and Mexican restaurant are all great.The pool is a tad disappointing and so is the central air in the rooms, but at the price you pay this is a nice stay.
Don and Charlie is Top notch from the food to the service. We had the Fillet Trio and the Mustard Crusted Salmon along with Cole slaw, veggies and french fries. They also bring you bread when seated. Both the Fillet and Salmon had great flavor and we will be back.
I write only to remember that this is a bar worth coming back to on game day. The layout of the place is interesting as it forced those on the dance floor from those who just want to chat in relative peace. Seemed to be more upscale than other bars in the area.
bone in filet with creamed corn and mac n cheese....orgasmic
Decided on this instead of the regular Jimmy Johns.  First time visit and decided on the meatball sub.  The sub was good and not soggy like most places meatball subs.  Will try a different sandwich next time.
Staff is very unfriendly. Gym is WAY overcrowded. Wish there was a closer gym to my house as an alternative. :(
We had a disastrous experience at this restaurant. It was the WORST Indian meal I have ever had in my life.
Pizza was all right. So were the wings. Not the best I've had, but solid and a good deal with the Groupon. Without the coupon, it would be a bit too expensive. We have another coupon so we'll probably try some more menu items and report back.
Absolute favorite place to eat sushi! Everything I've ever eaten was good.. no complaints here.
One of my favorite restaurants in Scottsdale!  What a great find. Super convenient location. Great service. Excellent food and reasonable prices. \nLoved all the varieties of guacamole and the peel and eat shrimp were delicious!!!\nCan't wait to return and try more of the dishes.
Got me some custom juice from there new custom juice bar  and very good pricing, Chris is the man and so is his team very helpful and knowledgable thanks again for the awesome service. Definitely can't wait to try more custom juices
Great experience last weekend! I called ahead to reserve a spot for 12 people and even though they do not regularly take reservations the manager set aside tables for us all! We enjoyed a delicious meal followed by the BEST carrot cake in the WORLD! I will return for sure :)
Btw stay away from taco haus by butterfields it sucks........had a serving of rotten fish and shes puking
I love this car wash. They may take longer than others in the Valley but they actually clean and vacuum the entire vehicle!  My only complaint is that like all the other car washes they try to up sell you on services - but that didn't happen today. \nGive them a try and I think you will be pleased
Enjoyed a great burger experience this past Sunday.  Toasted bun, just enough BBQ sauce to make it interesting and the burger was cooked perfectly.  Fries are more like chips, but are awesome.  The finishing touch was the homemade next-level jalape\u00f1o sauce.
Good sushi place, prices are reasonable.  Nothing outstanding, but it a good place to go and I will be going back again.  The service was outstanding, although I did go at lunch and there were not many people there.
My ham and cheese croissant was extremely soggy with no body or texture was completely messy. I can get a better croissant at a hole-in-the-wall donut shop for $2.
Ate here with my family. Had the Mongolian beef, shrimp peacock, crispy noodles , and chow Mein.  Was expecting the food to be salty because of past experiences with fine dining chinese food but was very pleased with what i ate. would not mind coming back here.
L'Amore is a perfect, quiet neighborhood restaurant for everyone who enjoys a quiet atmosphere, excellent food at reasonable prices. If you don't find what you want  on the menu, Craig, the owner, will make it happen.  Long time, experienced employees + live music make the evening even more enjoyable.
Surprisingly relaxing find next to one of the former Blockbuster locations. Very attentive and friendly staff, and service is generally spot on. You could miss this one if you don't know where to look, but it's worth checking out.
Pros: quick, inexpensive, friendly staff, good beer selection\nCons: boring protein selection, plasticized \"Ruby Tuesday\" menus, plastic catsup bottles, teeny condiment ramekins
We moved here from Chicago, and this is the best pizza place we've found in the area.  The food is always consistent and ready at the pick-up time.  Couldn't ask for better ingredients and taste!  We wish they would start delivering to our side of Bell road, but other than that - fantastic!!!
this was such a nice place to go, First date idea or anniversary haha... the food is so good, the atmosphere is exquisite, the drinks and the service so good. is a must go here in Phoenix.
Yuck this place is sp ghetto
Great pizza and nice atmosphere but go there with an empty bladder. One bathroom for women and one for men!! Not enough for the weekend crowd this restaurant draws in!
Too loud\nOver rated\nOver priced\nFood was bleh\nDrink was weak\n\nYou wait 30-40 minutes for nothing!
This is the most awful restaurant.  T hey are just rude and uppity.  \nGo across the street to Tommy Bohama's and have a great mea.\\l with nice waiters
This place reminds me of mid-western cooking. It has lots of butter. on everything - even the burgers. I enjoy their custard and cheese curds.
Not bad for a small restaurant on a golf course. My sandwich was done perfectly (Adobe melt), but I wasn't a big fan of the tiny fries. Service was below par though as one server was visibly annoyed by doing her job.
The burgers are average, with a good variety of toppings and styles . I love that they have tater tots as a side.  I will come back again.
In reply to Jesse T.:\n\nI actually have been to the Friday night happy hour and really enjoyed it. Same great food, fun band by the pool AND it was a romantic ambiance with the fires going. Thanks for the reminder!
Lasagna is good. Pizzas and salads are average.
love there juices.  a little overpriced but worth it
I've never had a pork dish that was as tender as the one I had here (garlic and black pepper pork).\n\nAwesome service, amazing food, a stone's throw away from my house.. What more can I ask for? I hope this place stays open for a very long time.
My husband and I  love Zipps.  we go once a eeek for a beer and a salad or slice of pizza.  we slso love their nachos and salsa.  Service is always Great.\nNever disappointed
Even on a \"busy\" Saturday it's not a hectic mess.  This target is not the closest to my house but has the best selection and is always clean and calm.
Terrible! The worst korean restaurant I've ever eaten! Never will I visit this one any more.\n\nNo more words besides swear!
Wow, I can't believe this place has been here for over 5 yrs and I just found it!! Great friendly service, family owned, delicious food. I love how the cook suggested the worcestershire sauce and she was on the spot. I can't wait to come back here again!
This store has the worst customer service. They made us feel like we were bothering them. The sad part is that we were the only customers in the store. I will never go back to location again even though it's super close to my house.
One of the many things I miss about Edinburgh. Great food. Friendly staff.\n\nTheir wraps are especially delicious. I can't speak for dinner entrees because I'd mostly go there for lunch, but those wraps were just YUM! Terrific place, and right across the street from the George Square buildings.
Super tasty and good value for your buck!  The chicken fried steak with biscuits and gravy and eggs is unbelievable and will put you in the grave from its richness!
Tao has delicious melt-in-your-mouth sushi at nightclub prices.   Extra swanky d\u00e9cor and sexy ambiance round out the experience. Highlight: all nigiri I devoured
Mekong Plaza is home to a great supermarket, and some good Asian restaurants.  There are also some shops that sell clothes, a kids store, a dental office, and a realtor to name a few.  My favorite place to get food here is the Mekong restaurant in the back next to the food court.
last time there...pretty good. greens not as sweet as usual. Chicken and fish wonderful as usual. staff pleasant, prompt and great with re fills. Great sides overall. sweet potatoes, fries, mac and cheese always ummy.
After my 2009 visits, the quality has gone down a little bit. I don't know if they have changed chef or recipes, but some of the dishes I usually get did not taste the same started in early 2010. We have not been back often due to the decrease of quality in the food...
Wife and I went back on Friday night,sat out on the patio again and enjoyed another wonderful meal. She had the garlic shrimp on rice and I had on fettucini alfredo. Once again staff very accomodating even for a busy Friday night. Our waitress Joey was the best, I really like this place.
Awesome pizza at a great price! I just wish they had more options like they used to. The Chicken Parmesan pizza was amazing!!  Bring it back!
I enjoyed the ambiance of this restaurant. The staff was really friendly and helpful. The food was good but not five stars great. I'd definitely hit it up because its conveniently around the corner from me but, not sure I would interject in a conversation about HAVING to check this place out.
I drove over 600 miles from Nor Cal on the advice of a friend - and would do it again \nGreat work, great prices and great people to work with\n\nI highly recommend them!
I love the atmosphere and the waiters are always fun, nice and attentive.  The pizza is just ok but nothing special.  I judge a great pizza by the crust and this is pretty run of the mill.  The best pizza in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area is Pomo and Andreoli when they serve it.
Great brewery!  Good food/beer.  Great atmoshpere.  Eat here during Spring Training.  It was reccomended tous by the locals.  It didn't disapoint.
What can I say this place is terrific? My usual is in Housemade Mozzarella, Tomato & Basil and Cream Soda. It's comfort food for an adult. Yummy! My only gripe is that this place isn't closer to my office. :.(
Awful, the sports book is old and the people working here are all rude as can be. Was only person sitting at bar watching game... Bartender changes channel of game... Tells me \"his bar his rules.\" Awful experience. Just play somewhere else.
I had some extra time the other day and stopped in here to kill some time.  I'm a member and have been here on many occasions.  I really like the Philip Curtis paintings.
Filthy bathrooms, I mean filthy- oh and no toilet paper. The cashier was very friendly and nice though. Won't go again.
Lobster was too salty & my steak was over cooked, mentioned it to the waiter who offered to send it back but also told me it was cooked to the right temp but last I knew medium rare isn't fully cooked around the edges with a small rare center not all the way through.....
Another free show on the strip!\n\nMust see at least once in your life!
This was my favorite Place on the strip. A nice chance. Plus a calming feeling in a city of constant noise and chaos. Even in the crowd, I felt I had my own experience here. Great place to shop, eat, visit, or play! Check it out.
Very poor service.....every barbers chit chatting..not organize in taking customer...vey bad service....waiting time is so long....
Stayed there on business for my first time in Las Vegas. Room was nice. bowling, movie theater in addition to pool and spa. Buffet was INCREDIBLE!
Food is just good, not great. Vanilla custard French toast is good. Omelets are a little bland. Corn beef hash was sweet and spicy...it is made in house.
Came here for breakfast while staying at the Cosmo. Sat at the bar, the menu was ok. Nothing special but the food I ordered was good. The bartender was very nice and did a great job at service.
Took Mom to Windsor for Mothers Day. Overall a great time. Good burgers (beware of the Windsor sauce and ask for it on the side), $5 pitchers of beer and cocktails. Good customer service too :)
My son LOVES Kids Play Cafe!!  It's so great to have a fun, clean and safe indoor place to take the kids!  I am able to relax and let my son play without having to worry.  I love that they have healthy food options and even gluten-free which is perfect for my family!
6-16-10 - I drove by on way home from downtown - sign on wall said \"closed, thanks for your patronage over the years.\" \n\n\nI see that it is open for business again, driving by 10-6-09
Not bad...older machines, but my clothes got clean, not like Rancho Dr. Laundromat, clothes felt gross and smelled nasty!  This place was good!
Good burgers and I love the marshmallow dipping sauce that comes with their sweet potato fries...huge selection of beers and a great place to catch a game!
Will never, ever rent from Fox again.   If I could give them zero stars, that would be there rating!    Ugghhh.  So frustrating.
Fresh and good for this style of curry. Everyone super nice. Number 3 is like a 5 for spicy and my mouth was still on fire.
Lots of fun. Great Chicago food....
Really, one of the worst Mexican Food Restaurants in the area, and while the decor is nice and this would be a good place to take the kids, the food is just terrible and the place is expensive.  Tough to find good Mexican food in Phoenix, but this just isn't it.
We went there to watch the circus show because it was free. being it was free, the show was alright. \nBy the look of the hotel I wouldn't plan on staying there.
One of my favorite Chinese restaurants in town. Way better than Little Dumplings, and the staff is much friendlier. I love their combination dinners. . . so much food I always have left overs.
As a grocery store....it's ok. What really surprised me is when I went to their meat department looking for knockwurst. The guy in the meat department didn't even know what that was and referred me to Harris Teeter. WTF?????
WAY TOO EXPENSIVE. Food was good though
Honesty and great prices here. Not a fancy shop, but very knowledgeable and competent. They do what they say without the upsell.
Still one star for the guys being SO PUSHY!!!! I came to get my car washed not to buy any fix me ups for my scratches! I don't care about he scratched on my car! I added an extra star because the guys who clean the cars do a good job.
Poor service, poor food...I've been to other Chili's and this is probably the worst I've been too.  Very disappointed.
Hotel is clean but extremely dated. This particular Sheraton is in major need of a refresh. Carpet is worn, wallpaper coming off the walls and bathrooms with minimal lighting. This place is not up to the Sheraton's usual standards.
Lived in Japan for three years, which may be skewing my expectations, but the sushi was fishy and had an odd color. Had to send it back, unfortunately.
Love the lettuce wraps...........that is all. No really that is all.
wow..restuarant week menu is AWESOME. Great food and great service.
Free beer is cool and the prices are right.  The burgers are mediocre at best.  The bun was stale, they forgot the special sauce and the sides were just ok.  Meh.  I don't hate it but its certainly not even close to the best burger in town.
Bad pedicures they barely scrub and dead skin off they tell you they got a color then they say they can't use it after you have your toes painted so you leave the salon with mix match nails.
Basic chinese food, you're getting exactly what you pay for duh. Close to my home, quick run, lots of food for the price!
The caprese panini is delicious and I would order that again.   The pizza though, which is the main thing here - meh.  Overpriced, stingy with the toppings and a crust that is nothing special (actually, too thin).
Awesome!!!! Not your typical Mexican restaurant. Their brunch is out of this world. Gourmet steak and eggs gourmet oysters Rockefeller gourmet green fried tomatillos. Gourmet bananas Foster crapes! At eat myself sick.
Orgasmic!!! \n\nIt's the best dessert experience I've ever had. Ordered the banana waffle dessert and the mint lemonade slush. Both were amazing\n\nI plan on stopping in every time I make a trip to Vegas.
Special shout-out to staff Susan and James..  Susan helped jump on internet problems served up by AT&T and worked the best she could do understand why connectivity was slow.  James for lending a screwdriver to a traveler in need with \"easy to assemble\" instructions.  \n\nGood staff make a difference.
LOOOVEEE Fat Tuesdays! :)) amazing drinks! Get the peqach belini with an extra perimium shot..uoi cant go wrong !
I have purchased a bike here and several other parts. This is by far the most helpful bike store I have ever been to. The owner takes his time to explain how to fix various components. He's very knowledgeable as well.
About as good as you can get in Las Vegas.  Portions are great, Prices are good and it tastes good too!
They were rude and I felt all they did was talk to each other and trash talk all the clients that came in.  They could be more customer friendly! Maybe then I would return, but for now two stars is it!
Only went here one time. I'd ordered a kabobs meal from there and didn't like it. Pricey for not so enjoyable meal. People are friendly, but I'm not so sure about the food.
Fills a hole!
Very disappointed. Ordered chicken Pad Thai to go and I didn't notice until I got home that they put tofu instead of chicken. The flavor was very plain, there wasn't even peanuts in it. Don't recommend.
Culinary Graduate - Norwegian Cruise line Employee I would recommend chicken tacos, line is a little long, but tacos for a dollar that are that good are waiting for!
Great resale source. Gorgeous jewelry , evening wear section, and excellent purse and shoe selection.The staff are professional, helpful, and honest.  Recent expansion makes it more fun to stop by and find a good buy.
Scheduling appointments sucks. Each person answering the phone will say different things. I was told to call tomorrow for an appointment, upon calling the next day someone else said the Dr is not working that day, who did you speak with? Please call back another day to schedule an appointment. Oh !
Competent udon and ramen noodles but the sushi was lacking.  3 star food at 4 star prices=2 star restaurant. It's... okay and that's it.
Edible is the best I can muster.
My company had a managers conference here. Amazing place to stay! The staff was very attentive, room service was top notch, and the housekeeping was great!
Very nice movie theatre. The only reason it does not get 5 stars is because the bathrooms were a bit dirty, not rest stop dirty but not as clean as I wanted. Overall it's a great theatre with a friendly staff.
Excellent food and environment ! Had the crepes and creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e. Was also entertained by the Sinatra wannabe. Would highly recommend you try it! Excellent service also!
Expert staff, quick, and easy on the eyes ;)  seriously good service.  Pho was delicious and we have great pho to compare to in our home town. Looking forward to the next visit!  \n\nVery nice people run this restaurant.  They will go above and beyond to make your dining experience memorable
Wanted to try a new cafe! Very small but extremely friendly staff. Orders were prompt and delicious! Menu was cheap and affordable. My bagel sandwich was very delicious and the home fries were even better. Great service and good food thanks for having us!
The Original Hot wings here are primo! I come here at least once a month. The Fries here are awesome n' if you like Nacho Cheese, dip em' in. Nom nom nom! Soda machine here is legit too. So many flavors n' options!!!
Easy to find. Outside seats are available. This particular location gets super busy though and is not that big inside so prepare to wait in small tight spaces in line to order/get your order. The employees are nice and friendly but do work slow especially on busy days. The bathroom is clean but not that big.
Was excited to go to this place when I was in town because I grew up watching Dan Majerle in the 90's.  I liked all the old Suns references on the menu and on the walls.  Food was pretty typical for a big sports bar.  Good to place to chill and have a beer.
This was a last minute trip to Arizona and stayed here the room was non smoking but it smelled like cigarettes and the following morning went to get breakfast and one of the staff members had already unplugged by he waffle maker and said we can only have coffee and a Danish.. Wtheck it was before 9am..
I realize there are plenty of local coffee shops in Madison, and I love them too, but this one just happens to be on my way to work AND it has a drive through. Sometimes convenience wins. It also happens to have a super friendly and energetic staff that is always so kind and really brightens my morning commute.
Eck.  Came in at 12:30pm and they were out of the dish I wanted and those that they had were old. The rice was crunchy in my teeth cuz it was old. Employees were very helpful and fast though.
take my son to cut his hair not coming back here, they should paid me  by letting them learn how to cut hair, with my son the cut was horrible, I do not recommend this place
Well that didnt last long, they are closed now. Once they switched to sit down service, I never went back. Not sure why they made that mistake, bur as a fast casual place it was great.
