Stripclub with expensive drinks, rude bouncers, unfriendly hostesses and bartenders.  The hostess didn't allow one of us to use a pen, and that is after the $30 cover and $100 of lap dances and drinks per each of us.
Waitress. the turkey burger is cold. Can you recook? We brought another. Ah, look, it's pink and uncooked. Sorry, we are learning the grill. That's my review. I hope it's better for you. Food is not a priority.
The food was awful. The service was just as bad. I would never, ever go back there. Waste of money.
Had dinner on 05/02/08; we had no reservations and just walked in, which made it a plus. The service was great, the decor and atmosphere made it fun, and the yellowtail sashimi with jalapenos and the star rabbit sake were awesome..definately recommend these two!
What a very pleasant surprise.  This is a converted house in the middle of a quiet residential neighborhood turned into a pizza place.  Tables are scattered inside and on the front patio, where there were beautiful white lights and live music.  Red sauce pizza was fantastic!!
Awful pizza... I bought a $4 slice and it was terrible. Salty, dry, and burnt. No good.
You can't go wrong here. Food is amazing. Portions are big and prices are reasonable!
For AZ this is as good as Korean food gets!!  Go if you need your Korean fix and have some Japanese rolls or food if you are craving both.
Jakob was very reasonable and patient with me. United Door wanted to charge me 300 for two springs. He called me and did it for a better price. He also went of his way to reinforce my door with two struts. Highly recommend this company. Quick and on time. A+
Over priced and they forgot my friends pizza order, so I had to wait while mine got cold until theirs came. \nTook way too long to get my drink refills.
Great firework show for the military appreciation game. The venue was clean and people were friendly and helpful.
Clean n fresh food at a reasonable price. Friendly staff.
Spaghetti and meatball is awful here, watered down and it's not like the price is great for this quality either. I've had their pizza and it's ok but spaghetti was a fail.
I have been there multiple times I have a blast every time. Although the games are great, food could use a little improvement. 4 overall for the average food but great atmosphere.
I love everything at Yellowtail!  \nThe ahi pizza, protein roll, king crab tempura awesome!\nAsk for Roberto he is the finest waiter at Yellowtail.
Terrible service and high prices.  Not to mention that it has a high douche bag factor.
Brunch. Heaven.
Ok paint selection and limited scale model and railroad items Good on hobby tools and RC products. assistance varies per visit. I'd you know what you need they are good. Also very limited casting products.
I bought a Groupon for 3 supreme washes for I think, $28, a great deal. When I first arrived it took about 4 minutes to get the attendent to take my car. But they did an amazing job on my car and would definitely return.
Had lunch here with a couple friends and it was okay, but the food did take a while to come out.
Food was terrible and bad, bad atmosphere, will not visit again. Felt sick afterwards.
Yeah, its as good as it gets for convenience stores.
A lot of stores, bars and restaurant options. Cool interior, well-appointed rooms, exquisite tubs and showers and location on the strip. However, although I understand pricing in Vegas, I disagree alcoholic drinks should cost $18. Not for me.
Very good place to find your new pets, so many to look at and play with and take them all home, if your looking fur a new pet come. Check out these pants please dogs cats and birds snakes.
Service was good. Beer was cold. Football was on. What's not to love?
It's hit or miss with the staff!! Food is good but service lacks!!!
Simply awesome.  We went here with some customers.  Everything was great and we all had Bbq.  Awesome beer selection and a great atmosphere.  It is low key, has an outdoor patio and the hiring manager likes racks.  And by that I don't mean ribs, I mean knockers.
Totally love this place..have been going here for YEARS...they have wood next door you can buy in the cord and a vet who comes in 2 times a month for low cost vet clinic!! SUPER saver!!!
Simplee Sushi is hard to find but once you do it was certainly worth your time.  The food is fantastic! The servers were wonderful. The sushi was fresh . . . the fired rice out of this world.  Not too many things I can say that the others haven't already and I can't wait to go back again.
This place does not live up to the hype. I was staying for a convention. The rooms were not that great. The convention center was either to hot or cold. My stomach is still recovering from the food. A serious disappointment!
The eggs benedict was really good, fast service. The bloody marry has a lot of  Worcester shire's sauce. About the same price as room service
Portions are good but service not so good ....
Best in az...  Drove down from tucson and knocked out 5 pairs, some with major repairs by the next day and stayed open late because I was running behind.  Top shelf service and craftsmanship...
Pizza was over-priced and just OK.  Too much bread, didn't have any special flavor and over-priced by the slice ($5).
I don't plan to go back to the schmucky new Penguin. My business will follow the delightful original owners to their new location, the Diamond.
Of the two south Charlotte locations (the other in Southpark mall) go to this one at least your food will be hot and fresh but I must warn you of the grease level here as with ALL showmars I have ever been to this one is no exemption
My love for chicken only heightened eating here..Amazing, you have a choice of grilled, baked or fried chicken strips. the Mac n' cheese is a must try ! And also chicken nachos. Although the place is a bit small the service from the employees & food make up for it.
I read all of the reviews and while in Phoenix decided to go to this establishment. Was really excited by the menu.........the service was horrible.....food took forever! Will not return.
TWO HOURS for 6 little lunch special pizzas?! From a place literally right around the corner? And the worst pizza I've ever had, too. Never, ever ever again.
All time favorite restaurant.  The best quality, quantity, and price.  They have the best eggplant Florentine I have ever had.  (from a pure-blooded Italian).  I would recommend this place to anyone.\n\n+1 for carrying four-peaks brew.
Your website says 'good for kids'.  Stopped by for lunch on Saturday with wife and young son.  Server quickly met us at door to advise it is a 21 & older establishment.  We left disappointed and won't be back.  Perhaps you should update your website so you don't waste people's time.
The banana nut muffins are worth the trip alone.  I had the chocolate chip pancakes and they were great. Overall, nice atmosphere, friendly service, and great food with generous portions.  Will definitely go back to try some other pancake combinations.
i think most Starbucks are the same, consistent good customer services and good food. The barista will try to please you as much as your weird taste will allow. Even the customer who chilled here are friendly
Had an absolutely fantastic meal here as usual. The beef thai salad and curry dishes are always fantastic here. The wait staff is friendly and food gets to you fresh and fast. Highly recommended and very close to the strip for access to gaming and shows!
3.75 breakfast special!  The sweet tea is the bomb.  Pretty waitresses? NO!  Good eggs and bacon? YES!
I've been to a lot of game stores between the east coast and Arizona and this is easily the best place I've set foot in. Big selection, plenty of free-to-use gaming space, and even located in a plaza with good eats.\n\nI'd rather spend money here than shopping online.
Much better location than the one on Sunset in Henderson.  I pass the Sunset location to come to the Eastern Ave local because they have MUCH better service and restaurant.  :)
Slick, Exclusive, Warm and Professional.\nFood is ridiculously good, staff hot and friendly, security invisible.\nIf you don't have a (rental) car, you can't afford to be here haha!
Fun place but pricey. We paid $15 each for a small amount of chicken and a bunch of rice in a styrofoam box. But the food was what we thought it would be and the owner was very nice.
Livraison ultra efficace!!!!! Bouffe r\u00e9confortante et tr\u00e8s bonne. Ca vaut le d\u00e9tours.
Some of the flavors taste yuck, but they don't trip if you taste them. The selection of toppings change from time to time, so don't get your heart set on a particular flavor or topping.
We wanted a quick lunch, and decided to stop here. Good lord, it was expensive and crappy. The reheated slice of pizza was almost $8, and the plain hotdogs were $7. Belch. And the tables were so close together, it was impossible to move. Just go somewhere else.
Great food! Super friendly staff! A great place to start your morning off right with the most important meal of the day.\n\nI am looking forward to having breakfast here again soon!
I love their cheesesteaks. And I love the beer on tap- it is the coldest beer I have ever had and I look forward to it. YUM! Wish they still had Sam Adams on tap though. ;-(
I would give them zero but it's not possible. Never coming back to this location. Again hostess are royal cu##s
Waited 50 minutes today for a pulled pork and a hot link sandwich before asking for our money back. I can't imagine how much longer we would of had to wait. I've heard nothing but good things about this place....so disappointed. They weren't even busy!!
This place is a joke the staff all the way to Corprate! They over charge you and the amount of ghetto ass people that live here it's a shame it makes ahwatukee look bad. I am sorry you make $10 a hour and hate your job but be respectful to your tenants
I've been going to Brown Eyed Girlz for years.   I never leave the store empty handed and I ALWAYS get tons of compliments on everything I have ever gotten there.   The staff and owners are so friendly and helpful.
Mexican Latte is so tasty! Green Flannel is really tasty but you must like spicy! Great, friendly service, check-in on Foursquare and you can unlock free gelato and French toast.
The food is good value and affordable and healthy but after finding a hair in my food last night I don't think I will be eating there again.The staff can be nice depending on who you get.
The patient service here is extremely slow. \nThe wait time exceeds one hour. Dr. Fredrick  Lippman has  challenges with accessibility.
Arrogant & incompetent!  Sold me the wrong bulbs. Then, when I comeback to exchange, they kept me standing at the counter while three guys sat with their feet on a desk laughing and telling stories.  I asked to be helped several times and was told to \"Wait!\".  WOW!
Very basic breakfast, service at this place is horrible,,,do not sit outside, been there twice and same horrible service both times, coffee empty, bussers walking by not helping out.  I had to go to the host to get some attention to the table.  You can certainly do better than this place for breakfast.
Matt did a great job on detailing my truck. He showed up on tome and did a great job. I will use him again.
Great food and wonderful service.
The bread is not warm. The half oyster plate had one empty shell so we got 5 oysters total. We ordered the bone in New York steak. I've definitely had better at lesser restaurants. The service is excellent but the food did not hit the spot.
Stopped here for a few minutes to let me little guy run around before driving on to New Mexico. It was clean,open, and cold.
Thanks Dr. Herman!  He is awesome!  With a combination of medications, my all over body itchiness stopped immediately.  Very persistent in getting to the root of the problem.  Now, I'm almost allergy free....
Excellent Greek inspired menu.  Happy hour 3-6pm.
Was our first time here and had a great lunch.  We split the house salad (amazing salad dressing) and a vegetariana pizza.  Food was excellent and our server was awesome.  Loved this place and can't wait to go back again.
Watch this after fantasy, less interactive with audience, and not alluring at all. The only highlight is the robot dance performed by two men. Maybe this what classic vegas should. But it is really not my type.
Love the yogurt and the friendly service!  My fave is original tart swirled with pistachio or the new pomegranite sorbet.
We ordered several appetizers and I wouldn't recommend any of them - spinach dip greasy with little spinach or artichokes, pizza bites tasteless, bruschetta very odd.  Skip the appetizers I guess - maybe the main dishes were better.
Great wings, great fries, great customer service! Best wing place I've found in the valley!
Love this place!! Always excellent food. I really need to try more than the Gyro, it's just so good! The crazy fries are excellent too, it's just so hard not to order them!
The food is delicious and they have a good selection. I've never had bad service any time of day that I've gone, and their bar is pretty diverse. This is definitely a \"staple\" Indian restaurant for me.
Great food at a great price, best Greek restaurant in tempe!
It shut down July 28th.  You should know that before you try calling for several days, like me! haha
Don't go here if your looking for friendly fast service. Waited over 10 min for someone to make a pepperoni pretzel. Staff making pretzel complained about making pretzel and very rude. I got tired of waiting so I got a refund and went to another pretzel stand.
Nice place and not too overpriced for Bellagio. I had the miso glazed salmon and it was delicious. Nice ambience and great service.
Service and ambiance were 5 star; food was 2 star. Had the Linguini Portifino and it was just so/so. Seafood was bland and tough. I hate to leave a review like this but it is what it is. The bread and wine selection was great though!
Love their Tapa's bogo special (chix skewers, yum) and enjoy eating outside on their patio is great!  Service is good and staff is personable.
First good service I've had at any of the cosmopolitan bars or restaurants. The burgers were unique and very moist and tasty. The only thing that could be improved was the frys.
Nice, convenient location in uptown. I went in just to see what the deals were and what was in the pre-made entrees section of the store. There was a pretty good selection but nothing that really grabbed my attention so I walked out and went to a more appetite appeasing restaurant.
I enjoyed my time here. The bartenders gave great service and I thought the foodwas good. I don't know why people are complaining, it's a sports bar! Expect bar food, haha. We had happy hour drafts for $4 I think and the selection was good.
This place didn't have the authentic taste I was looking for. The atmosphere is nice but the food quality was lacking.
This is my favorite Taget. The best hot dogs & pizzas in the deli & they have a great selection, plus its just down the street from Toys R Us, Meadows Mall and Mervyns so it makes it real convennient for holiday shopping.
Nice hotel. Not so great service. It was my birthday get away and my husband scheduled some surprises (after several confirmations) that were not fulfilled by staff. The hotel was a ghost town and they still didn't deliver. Not cool.
Room was clean and 2 bedroom was super spacious.  Balcony was huge and we had a bbq grill on the patio.  This is the way to vacation!!!
Fun bar, but if you aren't a smoker be prepared for your eyes to burn and your clothes to stink like cigarettes when you leave!\n\nThe usual Miller, Coors, Bud beers are cheap. No food. Just drinks.
Amazing food, had to wait in line for 1 hour to get in. It's a must visit every time I am in Montreal.
They do have vegetarian tacos, their potato taco is delicious!! And they also have vegetarian tamales, only on weekends! A must !!!
This is the nicest Safeway I have ever been to and I didn't even see the peanut butter station (I am absolutely in love with fresh honey peanut butter!) The bakery is fabulous. Great selection, sales prices, and fabulous taste. Bought items for a lecture event and it was a big hit!
It's no wonder why olive garden and company are declining.   We sat at the bar and didn't get any service for over 10 minutes.   Open boxes, dirty dishes, empty cups lined the bar like a college kitchen.   Not a good experience we ended up walking out and ate at Abuelos next door.
Best BBQ in Madison area.  Try the BBQ burger if they have them - and don't forget the onion rings.
I give it 4 stars because the staff are friendly.\n\nThe problem is that they do not have lots of options
Ive been in many airports and this one could use a upgrade and open more security lines.
I have been going here for years. The BEST way to start your day. Fresh, yummy and the prices are great!
it was ok.
Rooms are extremely small. Brand new and very clean, but food blows and room is ridiculously tiny with little or no window. Pool music sucks. Not enough chairs for bitches in bikinis. And the club is alright. Weird set up. Dj not in an ideal location. But I would still stay again.
This is absolutely the worst experience! They charge for dry cleaning but launder the clothes and overcharge you until you catch it. Then expect you to bring all your clothes back to do them over instead of refunding the difference. GO ANYWHERE BUT HERE!
So far so good.  Great friendly staff.
Great fresh food. Friendly staff. Try the Ninja with peanut sauce. Refreshing and filling.
I've been coming to Nates for probably 5 years after trying several barbershops in the area.  This is a very comfortable and old school kind of place with 2 barbers, father Hugo and son Daniel.  They are very personable, don't rush, and give a great haircut at a great price.  Very highly recommended!
One dollar pizzas on Mondays after 5! (When you buy a drink)\n\nGood food.  Good bartending.
Awesome Spot. I was in town for Spring Training and happened by this place. don't ask me what I was doing in this part of town, I plead the fifth!
Food's good, but I reckon Lenny makes his cashiers spend their breaks poking each other in the eye.\n\nWhy else would all the cashiers be in such a bad mood?\n\nPeanut butter chocolate milkshake is the only reason to come back.
I live close by and stop in periodically and have not had any issues with food or service.  I have left full and happy every time.  \n\nHot food...all the sushi you can eat!\n\nKeep up the good work!
April was very pleasant to work with. Only dealt with her a few times but when I checked out of my unit, she remembered my name and had the paperwork done in a timely manner. Would definitely recommend.
Pretty decent club.  The setup is kind of awkward.  It's more long and narrow than anything else so it made dancing kind of challenging.  Played pretty good music. I agree w/ the other reviews that the decor was lacking.  Maybe the LAX in actual LA is better...Glad I didn't have to pay, though.
I was really excited to come out here and check it this casino out. I was beyond disappointed. But they're remodelling so I'll have to come back in the summer
Goog food , great brew , a bit hot inside this place . Tv's are small to watch the game , bathrooms are dirty
I felt like I was transported to a cozy, intimate cafe in France.  The service was excellent and our waiter offered us a wine tasting to find the perfect glass of red. The French Onion Soup, Roast Chicken and Grilled Salmon were fabulous. Try sitting outside so you can watch the Bellagio water show.
Great food! \n\nReally enjoyed my meal at this restaurant. Ordered the chips and salsa with guacamole. The guac is really good! I enjoyed the citrus in it. I also got the street tacos as well. Great stuff.
US Airways is the bottom of the pits.  I would not fly this airline again even if I was given free airfare.  Spare yourself the experience.  Move along, fly United, fly Frontier...or drive.\n\nAvoid at all costs.
It's fun. The food is really heavy and it serves an empty stomach just right. It's KUNTRY all the way. Kuntry krunk. I feel like such a yuppie/cappucino cowboy eating in here, but you always enjoy it!
Good fish fry place. I've also had there Monster Burger- delish.
Business did not consider party within \"ale house\" standards. Did not and will not compensate them for disrespect.
Really delicious and one of the most authentic Mexican restaurants you'll find in Montreal.  I used to live in New Mexico and it was so nice to eat authentic dishes in the traditional dishware.  Lovely little family-owned restaurant with great and friendly service.
This place is small, but it doesn't appear to ever be crowded, and the small crowd that was there seemed to turn over frequently.  The music was decent and the service was good.  If you have a large group and are looking for a place without a large crowd, this might be the place.
The location listed for 24/7 Lock Pro is for a group of local stores including Starbucks. \n\nThe telephone number is a busy signal.  So, I'm not sure if they're still in business. (See photo).
Came here on a sunday morning. Fast service, friendly and attentive staff. Food was good except hash browns were ehh...but all in all good time
Pizza is pretty good priced but not best I have had and the customer service needs work.  Staff wasn't very friendly and none even smiled at customers and we're too busy talking gossip amount themselves and very loudly instead of helping customers that are waiting.  Wouldn't come again.
Something was not quite right today. I've been here before and enjoyed the experience. This time the experience was sadly average. The salmon sashimi lacked freshness and flavor. The yellowtail tasted old. What hasn't changed though is their delicious tempura: tasty and crispy.
We stay here every few years when in town to visit family. Always friendly and very helpful. However, this last visit resulted in what I believe are bed bug bites. We've never had this issue the previous times we've stayed so ild like to think this was a random one time thing. Other wise our stays are always pleasant.
Come on; how do they do this for $2? You have several choices of decent ice cream that can be served between two worthwhile cookies. It was really good, $4 each would still have been a bargain.
Cheap beer\nNice outside patio\nFood is good
Great Henderson local spot. A mom & pop place with great people! The menu is great and reasonably priced. The server talked me into the German potatoes and they were amazing! A must place to visit for  Henderson locals!!
El Santo now closed as of May 16th. Pool is drained and no further business according to Maricopa Health Commission.
Located at Harrah's, the jalape\u00f1o burger was one of the best burgers I have ever had.  Not crazy about Harrah's, but worth the trip.
I didn't eat there...the food looked ok from what I saw but they had by far the worst boba tea ever.  Was that even boba???
RUDE - we chose this place from an article a friend read. Our waiter had an attitude, I never knew a vegetable could have NO taste and don't even think about getting two separate checks if they already put it in the computer. Found much better food and service at Olive - I suggest that instead!
i freaking love this place! my phone broke, and they fixed it like nothing happened! i will definitely go to them when there is a problem with my phone again. thank you!
Creeps were good.  Coffee and Orange Juice excellent.  Service pretty poor, slow even when only two tables taken.  Also somewhat $$ considering.
Took about 20 minutes to make my sandwich with only 3 people ahead of me. Also there's no reason for them to wear gloves as they'll type in the register and take your order holding a pen with gloves on then turn around n make a sandwich. Not going to this location anymore.
Nice buz, crowd for lunch is chic. Food quite average. Not worth going out of your way
Big space lots of boys and designated VIP areas (am not one well at least in Vegas but somehow I ended up there) and just music and more music.  It's a big club and you will dance your ass off other than that nothing more memorable except for the 23yr old (no he didn't come back with us to our room).
If dry burgers and slow service are what you like when you eat out, this is your place.
Food's pretty good, but  generally not worth the wait as this place gets very crowded. If you can get in, great, but if the wait is more than 20 min, move on as there are lots of nice places in the area.
Superb food, great service, and beautiful decor. Bonus points for the prix fixe menu before 6:30 -- $60 for three courses plus a glass of wine. Minus one star because it's definitely overpriced.
LOVE this place. Any one who loves to cook as much as i do needs to take a trip here. from baking goods to stemware you are certain to find whatever you need at Williams-Sonoma.
Wonderful view, wonderful service.  I've eaten here several times but I always get lobster so I can't comment on other items.  The food was always great.
The Crepes here are quite fantastic, however the portions are small.   The prices are a bit on the high end, considering the atmosphere.  Nonetheless, the service was good and the food was tasty.
I had some outlets that were not working in an upstairs loft so I called Affordable Las Vegas Electrician. He was on time, quickly found the problem, showed me what the problem was and then fixed it for less than $100. Will definitely use again.
I haven't shopped at any other market since coming here. Everything is fresh, inexpensive and organic!! Everyone is always so nice when checking out and I love their \"silly\" prices....
It's Vegas and I would expect a more classy airport.  But it does what it is suppose to do.
These guys are awesome!!!  Fast service good quality food. The people there were very helpful and the food was outstanding. Ample quantity and they didn't skimp on the meat which is pretty common at places like this.  The veggies are always fresh and the price is spot on to where it should be for a sandwich like that.
Tried PJ for the first time during a biz trip, will eat here upon every return. The food is fresh, healthy and delicious. The wait staff is relaxed and appropriately engaging.\nLOVE IT - a bright spot!
Things come and go in Vegas, but this one is consistently good.  Lovely ambiance.  Really great food.
Cheap, rundown, dirty, but cheap.
One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. Right there in the same ballpark as lotus but different specialties. Excellent wine list and I highly recommend simply asking the waiter to bring what's best for the night. Amazing oysters
Good stuff!! Unique flavor.  Quick service.  Definitely worth a try!!
Bon et frais. Malgr\u00e9 la petite carte, tout ce qui y est propos\u00e9 est bon. Et le cadre est sympa.
Great service. Decent portions. Reasonable prices for Vietnamese food considering it's on the Las Vegas strip. And surprisingly , the bunh mi sandwich was delicious! Mmmm, sammiches!\n\nWill update with the pho later for dinner.
I had a situation where I needed a restoration company.  A friend suggested Polaris and I could have been happier.  Justin followed my job from beginning to end.  The end result was better than new.
Popper Burger gets five stars!!!! \nJalapenos and sour cream on a burger, no need to say more!!
Miss the 2.99 special but figured I would give them another try since don tortacos breakfast burrito seems to be getting smaller and smaller. May go here now. Still wish there salsa was a little thicker and had more heat less vinegar taste.
A unique place. Was open on Christmas day a few years ago and we ate there outside and took our dog with us. (we had just hiked in the Spur Cross) . Have gone back a few times and its a favorite of our family. Our kids always ask to go back. Just a fun place to eat and hang out.
Paying tax...I like this place, clean, people are friendly as well...
Love the gyro and jalapeno hummus here is amazing!!!!
Awesome and truly authentic. No General Tso's here.
Very fancy place, little expensive for a cup of coffee though. Went in for food and coffee during date night and I was under impressed. Service was less than spectacular and prices were high for a dressed up coffee shop.
Worst Starbucks in Las Vegas. Only go here if you have 45 min to kill in a drive thru
Just an all around bad experience at Cosmos. The service was painfully slow, everyone just didn't seem to care that we were hungry and thirsty. Unfortunately when the food finally arrived it was terrible. With so many other choices for food & drink in South Charlotte I can guarantee I won't waste another dime at Cosmos!
ehh its cute, but it was deaddddddddd...and the bunnies r not even cute haha
This place has good food and service.  There are better places out there but this place is usually opened when others are closed such as holidays like July 4.
Over priced, poor restaurant layout (not enough seating), small portions and decent sandwich.
Decent upscale place in Tempe.  Great ambiance outdoors on the patio.  Service is very sketchy...sometime good, sometimes bad, never great.
Rooms were nice folks were friendly but for all of the stuff they DONT offer i could have stayed at the MGM -_-
My Matcha Tea Latte is in a really BIG cup.  Outstanding customer service.  Wish the location had a scenery or in the inside of the plaze.
Much better than some other outlets in this chain. The trick here is to order appetizers, such as the tuna sashimi with crispy garlic chips, or yellowtail and spicy tuna on crispy rice, not conventional sushi and rolls, which are just so-so.
Crappy service. Major cross contamination. Inattentive staff. Do yourself a favor and go someplace else.
Simple review:  the food and service are good if you don't mind smelling like an ashtray after.  I can't go for lunch because I can't stand smelling like that all day.  \n\nI can't believe this place gets by with allowing smoking considering how much food they seem to serve.
The hostess was very upbeat and friendly.....our waitress was very good and made some good recommendations........they certainly have a wide variety of craft beers......sorry to say the food was just ok.......
Totally loved them. Super fast and friendly. Free arcade that I didn't want to leave. Lee is very professional and approachable. Let's you know what your car needs and doesn't press you to do it immediately. Awesome experience!
Amazing burgers!  We even saw Robert Duvall chowing down on one when we went.
I have been here twice and both times have been great. They really have a nice service staff & very Attentive! Food is pretty good as well! They seem to be always busy but super glad you are there with them. Well done!
Fast and friendly.  The owner was walking around giving out samples and making sure everything was good.  I did not explore to many items the Falafel and the lamb pitas were good.  \n\nA good lunch option.
This is your typical trendy spot that everyone swarms to with bad food, poor service and inferior overall presence. Be prepared to wait up to an hour to be seated for weekend brunch. Once you do get seated and you dig into the space food options, you'll kick yourself for wasting your time.
Was there for Fromage D'ici, how do you rate a shopping mall if you ain't a mallrat?
First time here. Staff were very good and the food had lots flavor. They have lots of tv's so we were able to watch the warriors game. Would definitely come back to this place again!
create something unique and i give you 5 stars.\n\nunique 5 star reason: $6 (one pizza slice) meal at the cosmopolitan casino.\n\nand the pizza is yummy! very oily/fatty, but that's why it's so yummy!
not bad enough to complain, not good enough to compliment
Rodrizio was great! I would definitely go there again. Take a coupon because it is pricey. Nice atmosphere for a date or special occasion.
Good late night breakfast. It's a little pricey but it's vegas. Perfect post club food.
The food is so good here. A must try is the roasted duck, salt and pepper lobster and combination fried noodles. Very high quality here. I wish there was a Joyful House in Orange County. The service is pretty good.
this is certainly my favorite brunch spot in town.  a plethora of teas, tasty individual french presses of coffee, vegan cakes...\nalso a nice place to take grown-ups or people who take really good care of their bodies.
Amazing food, great staff, great service. This may be the best place to eat in Las Vegas off the strip. Went with family from out of town. Ordered scallops, halibut, cheeseburger,  and a pasta. Everything was amazing. Comfortable atmosphere.
Near the freeway. No food court, but the bathrooms are new and clean. Shops are decent but these are one of those outlets where everything is not an outlet. Go if you are on your way to a cards game :)
Great haunted house!  The actors and effects are amazing and I screamed like a little girl and it's worth every dollar!  Can't wait to see what spooky surprises they have in store for us for 2014!
Good stuff!!!
The food was HORRIBLE. The service was terrible. My waitress might have even been high. I asked her for soy sauce and sriracha... she said they may not have them. In a Asian restaurant... are you kidding? I will never go back.
Really good Ahi Tuna steak, especially if you're drunk and need something to even out the alcohol. Servers are nice and quick.
Enjoyed their bacon burger lunch special but not so special price. It was good to be expected, nothing special though. I would have liked to have more french fries portion but it was adequate.
The food is real good and not pricy.The service is also good.i have tried below food items all are delicious.\nKyaroti/Grilled chicken/banana flavored ice cream/singam Thai beer.
The service is great and the environment is nice. The vegan options weren't that great and it was very pricey for what you get.
Somethings are better left unsaid. In this case, all the 1 stars and 2 stars are accurate. Unfortunately.
Do not sit in section 218. the worst seats ever. also in large events its very unsafe leaving. Major Fire hazard.
Only giving this place 2 because there's a good atmosphere to it. It's a great place to get some studying done or a get together with a friend. The desserts do not live up to the hype and overpriced. The only thing I actually like is the blossom honey iced tea.
Horrible service, the place is beautiful. But my order was wrong and the service was unbelievably horrible!!!
Dollar rail drinks on Mondays! The outdoor patio area is usually a popular spot to hang out on a nice summer night. Bartenders are hit or miss. Some of the newer guys are completely incompetent and rude to boot.\n\nNever been here for the food.
I don't want to tank this place because the host couldn't seat people properly.  We actually never got seated because waited so long.  All I can judge this place on was the employees and they were talking crap about the customers, so I'm sure I wont come back to this location anytime soon unless they actually accept a reservation.
Incredible service, the street tacos and huevos were wonderful. Had sides of rice and beans that were enormous and so tasty. I had the leftovers boxed up and they threw in free chips and salsa. Love this place!\n\nThe restaurant is spotlessly clean including the restroom.
Great food!!!!
Don't want to be mean but this place sucked slow service I've only been twice and each time it took them 15 min to make my chia tea and this time drink is not good taste like all milk   All the girls stood around while the slow man making the drinks took forever. I won't be going back to this place sadly
A French Dip that's twice the price and half the size of Arbys, and almost not as good.
It didn't used to be so bad, if the lines are long they go slow. There are always these hoodlum kids that loiter around outside, making the place seem unsafe and sketchy.   And they hang out with their friends that work there during the night shift. Although the men employees seem to hand out free drinks alot..
Really really awesome flat bread. We have been there 3 times in our last two trips to Vegas.\n\nThe entrees were also very good, but not spectacular like the flat breads.
This is for the Breakfast buffet. \n\nI'm not a fan of the all you can eat, and this one reminded my why. \n\nEverything on my plate was cold and tasteless. Next time my family wants breakfast, we will go down the street to Jack in the box.
Way Overpriced!!\nI will never go to that place again.
Great place.  The restaurant is small but the service and food is good.  The seafood banh canh is day bomb.
For person that I am I do not shop so normally I do have to ask were things are all time customer service here is very bad.
I have stayed here a few times for work and a few times for vacation.  The pool is great for the whole family.  It is a great location for spring training, work in Phoenix or Scottsdale or visiting ASU. The restaurants are a little overpriced for what you get but they do have Starbucks coffee- which is always great.
Great cafe! I love this store. Everyone is super nice, the store is clean and I never have a problem with my order. I am ecstatic that they now have awesome veggie smoothies!
Panda Express sounds good. I only gave them 2 stars because it was dirt cheap.
Such good Chinese food. Pleasantly surprised!
Love this place, wish it wasn't so expensive but what organic healthy food isn't a lot.
Pizza is just about the right size for a quick lunch, try the firecracker crust, not real spicy but has some taste to it. Only down side is crust is a little soggy for me, not a deal beaker but a little crisp to the bottom would be better.  Neat idea and pretty tastey all the way around.
I have eaten here 5 times now plus attended a political party once. The Carne Asada Torta and Guac make me dream of Mexico. The food is great here but the restaurant itself not so much. The patio has a nicer feel.  Enjoy!
Great location but that's about it.  The rooms are dated, and smells funky.  I would stay somewhere else.
Fun course set up with a bunch of towers. The match was a little short, I would have liked another ten minutes! Wednesday is only $5 per game with coupon from their site.
I had the Italian Hoagie and even though the sandwich was a huge portion, I was just not happy with it. It  was way too dry and would have probably tasted much better if it had been toasted. They do have good prices and may be a good place to have an affordable meal.
Not the best for take-out. WE'll have to try the dine-in but we've had better..
Uh, Hello.. I ordered the medium fries! Pretty simple drive through order, but really? Just fill the container, not half full but full! Sheesh...
Exceptional service and staff. Dr k. cares about his patients and it shows. Highly recommended.
Very pretty park and the bike trail going up and down was fun and stress free.  The lookout near the summit was very cool and awesome photo opportunities.
I was staying at the JW Marriott and decided to take a drive over here for breakfast. What a great idea. Amazing pancakes and generous portions. \n\nSitting outside enjoying a great meal - can not be beat. Great friendly service
Did not return our call.  We waited 2 hours before we called someone else.  After 10 hours still haven't heard from him.  I guess he has enough business and doesn't need ours.
Good service. Same tasting smoothies as all the others. If you go after the gym at fitness 19 in the same plaza, you get 10 or 15% off.   I'm not a big fan of their food, but a majority of the time, stop by after the gym.
After standing in line for over ten minutes, we left.  Slow, slow, slow.   Located near the parking lot on the way out at Planet Hollywood.
I ordered a three meat pizza here which was good, the crust actually had some flavor unlike a lot of pizza places. Their wings were excellent, didn't even need the ranch. Service was surprisingly fast. However they did not have thin crust :( what pizza place doesn't have thin crust?!
The stylist Delilah is fabulous with hair color.
Cold stone is a classic staple of the wonderful Vegas ice cream eateries. This location houses all my favorites like birthday cake remix and peanut butter cup perfection. Overall, the location is fast, friendly, and clean.
Nothing really to rave about. I had the Lollie rice Bowl, which was pretty good.  Poke tacos are way over rated.. too sweet.  I doubt we'll be back knowing that for what we paid, could easily go to an ayce sushi place.  But I had to try this place out.
This is an \"okay\" buffet. Not as low quality as Circus Circus and Imperial Palace but not nearly as good as Rio. I would say eat here for breakfast but skip dinner.
The food here was actually not so bad.  Looking from the outside, you wouldn't think so, but the food is well worth it.  Give it a try!\n\nMy friend and I got the sampler and it was great!
Service was awkward when I went to pick up my pizza and the pizza didn't seem hand made to me, more like a frozen pizza. Won't be ordering from there again.
Had the shrimp wonton noodle soup. Overall it was average and overpriced. You are in Vegas and in a casino so the price was expected. If you're use to Chinatown authentic soup, this would not be the place.
Kinda average food \nMy first time there\nGood service
Really nice smoking lounge with good ventilation. Very good pricing and great selection of sticks. We spent an hour and the girls lasted about half of that!
Eat here if you're looking for a cheap, quick breakfast. Get in, sit, eat and get out. Nothing special just your average family restaurant. Morning breakfast line ups are ridiculous but move relatively quick.
This is the best Italian spot in Las Vegas!!
This is NOT the best brunch in Charlotte. It's a small chain located in a shopping plaza full of families with their 2 strollers and screaming children. The food was decent but I'm sad I made a drive this way for brunch.
I like the decor of the place, but the food (at least the plate I had - CB and Rye) was just ok...definitely not worth the price they charged. However, their homemade sodas and lemonade was good.
Love the little orphans. Great way to taste various cheese for cheap!
Delicious food, good service and reasonable prices. I ordered BBQ chicken with the fried rice and Thai tea. Very pleased with everything.
I've been a long-time lover of Lenny's for several reasons.\n\n1) Single best cheese fries outside of Wisconsin.\n2) Adorably retro\n3) Around the corner from my place of employment.\n\nThe customer service is equally delightful.
The scallops, steak, nutella brownies, dirty martinis and duck l'lorange was superb. Dim lighting, casual attire.
It was my first time here, and I loved what the guy at the front suggested me- tigers blood.
You can have cheap deals here but service can be quite slow. They have some nice value meals $2, $4, $6 that can fill you up quite nicely.\n\nDenny's hash browns are pretty delicious. Their biscuits and gravy were decent too.
Lori is great!! I found her on groupon about 2 years ago and wouldn't  go anywhere else. She just makes you feel Very comfortable. She's just awesome!
Just came here the other night for the first time and my experience was great. Service was good, people were nice, clean environment, food was amazingggg. That bacon burger and Cajun style fries. On point. Would definitely recommend this place. Might even go again tonight haha. :)
I'm a fan.  This is a pretty good Vegas resort.  Rooms are clean, as are the facilities in general.  Spacious with a decent setup.
If you look, you can find some cool stuff.
This is a great place for kids.  It is one of my \"go to\" places when we are with the twins.  Food is good, the service is friendly and fast and our kids like it.  We go at least once a month.
Meh.  Just so so.  The servers were nice, burgers were alright, skinny fries were good, prices too high for the quality and quantity of food.
Ordered a large dirty chai. Was kinda pricey I thought and seemed a bit watery. Will try again as we try and support local business. Seems to have a cool vibe.
Always has anything you want!!! Staff is nice and friendly!
The service was really good, the staff was excellent, the place it's self was nice and they had good outdoor seating. Although the food was pretty much white washed but what do expect in old town, not Mexican food necessarily.
Best view for Sea Food! Drinks were made exactly right and the lobster bisc was delicious. \nWent for my four year anniversary and the mood was great here.
Food was tasty. Service was SLOW.\n\nI have been back twice since this dinner, and my two-star review stands.  The food is no doubt good.  However the wait time is extremely lacking and will make me consider other establishment in the future.
Farley's conducted a very efficient move of our upright piano from Pewaukee to Madison, in a timely fashion at a reasonable price.  It arrived in perfect condition and the customer service was great!  Thanks, Tad
This airport now looks pretty neat.\nI like the simple interiors.\n\nThe slot machines on your way out seem kinda tacky but hey, this is Vegas.
Michelle!!! Hands down my saviour to keep my body & soul as normal as could be.... Go there once (if u can get in to see her) & realize the change this sweetheart can make in your life!!!
I have VERY few options here as far as GF food & allergies and the staff have not much of a clue - they really are not gluten-free friendly at all. Takes forever to get your meal too.
Fantastic sweet potato fries! Ciabatta bread on their house burger is pretty tastee. Our server, who's name I wish I could remember now, was so good. She was a great conversationalist and walked us through almost the entire menu. \n\nWe had a great time!
Honestly not impressed..firecracker shrimp good but spring rolls a lil soggy. Had the combo meat entree & it would have been pretty good except the steak & chicken strips were not from quality meat - which is the main thing I look for in any restaurant but esp Chinese...
Our pizza was burnt and service was so slow. We will not be returning.
Friday night, pretty busy, bar somewhat busy and the bartender (attractive, female, brunet) answers the house phone and has been talking for 15 minutes as I write this..  ????  WTF..  never coming back..
Seems every time I go in there's a wait for the conversation to end with previous customer (3-5 min). Wish there was a way I could scan a card or something and just go tan rather than wait for salon help to explain ins and outs to customers, then check in within 5 seconds.
The food is the better version of a Robertos. Overall great food, always fresh and good customer service. Best part has to be the reasonable pricing.
This is one of my favorite \"restaurants\" in Phoenix.\n\nTheir food is yummy. If you haven't been adventurous and tried the 7th Inning Stretch Dog- do it. Sounds weird, but it is so good.  I have loved every dog that I have tried.
Food was great ribs fall off the bone\nSaw the bad ass burger it was huge! \n(that's the name of the burger)\n\nMake sure they don't put you next to the kitchen.  All the serves we're crowding around our table. Price is a little high
I really like the food here. My favorite sandwich is the Encore with chicken and spicy/hot peppers and yogurt feta dressing. We used to call in our orders and just pick up to beat the lunch rush/wait. I love the ice tea there too.
Love the gyros. Hands down the best. Great people always friendly and the baklava is freakin on point. Been coming here for 7 years. I'll keep coming!
Do not let the location throw you off. Excellent service, authentic & super tasty food! Best pho place I've been to.
I love this place and the new owner is very friendly and nice!!! :)\nU won't regret it! The price is good !!! Im going here all the time!!
I spend so much time at verizon stores just trying to get a working phone. Instead of a working phone that I pay 90.00 a month for, they just send me busted refurbished phones...why do I bother
Good soft shell crab, I thought the sashimi was good and fresh. Wish they could have done more with the squid or ika. Unagi was good but not great.
Good food... Nice and clean
Excellent Italian food at a reasonable price. Very casual dining. Pizza, pasta, sandwiches are delicious.
I don't seem to ever like any food chain that is attached to a circle k...  matter a fact I avoid circle k.  Instead of this Popeyes I drive to the one just a couple miles away on Broadway and Hardy. It's worth the trip.
The first time I went there for an oil change, they stripped one of the parts and I didn't know till I went somewhere else for my next oil change. The manager made it right no questions asked and even paid for my oil change! I will definitely be going back!
I have been going to Molli for over 5 years.  I love her!  She's an awesome colorist and stylist.  Great location, great conversation, awesome prices.  You can't beat what she offers in Old Town Scottsdale area for cut and color.
Dr. Hahn is the most honest dentist in town. The staff is so friendly and professional. I paid half of what other dentist were charging me for all the work I need it. I recommend it that you go and give him a try, you won't be sorry.
The bar had a great atmosphere, the bartenders were cool, the food was quite alright, although I didn't appreciate the rudeness of a certain server towards my friends and I.
Not the best Thai I've had and I'm not sure its authentic, but good flavour and taste. Would try again.
First time here, but have seen their finished product before. Super professional staff; waited for a piece to be laminated. I waited 5 minutes & they answered questions I had. I recommend!!
This was the worst Persian food I have ever had. The service was even worse than the food. I will never go there again, I have been in many persian restaurants in LA and the Bay Area, this one stands at the bottom of the list. I recommend anything else but Habib.
awful, place full of flies, food is not good.
Really Good! Until a baby cockroach crawled across our table... Yeah, a little gross, but let's not kid ourselves here and think that only the filthiest of filth have infestation problems. It happens in many places. Roach aside, I'd come back here over Raku any day.
Great food, reasonable prices!  Small restaurant that could be easily overlooked, make a trip to trader joes and then stop next door st Enzo's!
Not the best Chinese food in town but definitely not the worst. I enjoy their lunch specials and the service has always been pleasant and efficient. If you go with a large party be prepared to wait awhile though.
Was seriously underwhelmed with this place.  Based on reviews I was pumped and got a large group of guys to go down there.  The food was acceptable but where Triple 7 really let me down was the beer.  I went for the beer and tried some of their award winning microbrews and I was not impressed.
Went for lunch yesterday I ordered the salad and veggie sandwich lunch special and my done got the all you can eat special. Everything was really good. Our sever was very friendly and very good. I would definitely go here again.
What a great lunch deal! If you work in the area and you're looking for a quick place for lunch, I'd definitely recommend it! Two slices and a soda for 5.50, cheese or pepperoni, and quick service! How can you beat it? The pizza is delicious and greasy-goodness!
Super cute interior and very friendly staff. Brandi made me the most delicious chai tea. Lots of cinnamon.
Ok, this rating is for the bar and not the restaurant - and we also had no rum. But if you like to chill out, watch people, be they other patrons or the dancers on the overhead walkways, this place isn't all that bad. Drinks were decent, too.
Stopped in here for apps and drinks around 6. The mojitos were amazing! Highly recommend the millionaire tacos. The shrimp chicharron was good but a little to creamy/rich for my taste.\n\nGreat service as well!
Grossly overpriced!!  9 dollars for a fast food sandwich with no drink or fries.this is twice what Luke's charges in wi and wayore than the Chicago suburb location(they are not even in Chicago).  \nGood sandwich but not worth the money..won't go back.
I like it here, but I don't love it. Nothing really stands out to me, although my friend swears by the meatloaf (I refuse to order meatloaf in a restaurant). I will continue to got back, but I won't go out of my way.
Nice West-Island bar. Great patio with lots of TVs in the summer. Cheap beer. Food is decent but could be better. Good for sports events. Definitely better than bar hymus across the street.
My company uses this Enterprise on a weekly basis.  We need a car each Tuesday, Wednesday and every other Thursday.  Since October, they have been on time only twice.  When they are late, our schedule is affected and we must use our own vehicle.
This is a wonderful surprise! I saw this place announcing Brats and Burgers... so I tried it. Wow! The curry sauce is amazing. A definite \" must stop\" when I'm in the area.
We split the goat cheese burger and their version of a Margherita pizza. The burger was amazing, the pizza was flavorless and entirely forgettable. I would definitely go regularly to try other non-pizza items if we lived there. The decor was kitschy and not at all fitting with the menu.
Bring a jacket if you intend on studying here. This place is an icebox even during the summer.
Went here and they were rude and charged different prices then on the menu and they told us it was because we ordered something off menu but we asked for what was on there. be aware dining here.
Val and Bill are the bomb! Great friendly service and fresh delicious food! Chorizo made on site!
Calamari appetizer was quite good, pizza was not. I would probably avoid this restaurant (the Wolfgang Puck name doesn't have much cachet with me at this point).
One star is too generous... Bad customer service from rude employees. Line hardly moves. Don't bother calling, you'll just get a busy signal-all day-every day. Just go to another one.
My delivery order placed through vvvv arrived in time and hot. Great food -- very good quality and quantity. Packaging could be better, but I'll definitely re-order from them (delivered by A La Carte Express / alce.ca).
Tacos were delicious! I got the pollo and asada. Very authentic and affordable. Will definitely come back!
Pharmacists were incompetent and lacked communication between each other. A simple drop off turned into a repetitive, 12 question process. I gave them my pharmacy discount card and it took them almost 15 minutes to process the information. Drop your scrips off down the street at Safeway over this place.
Ample parking, easy hike and good trail. No shade anywhere so do not do this on a hot day.
Monster portions! Best club sandwich and the coleslaw is delicious. Would recommend you try this if you fancy a change from the normal takeaways :o)
I love this place. The man behind the counter is so awesome. He greets you like he's known you your whole life.  The food is great too :)
I can never believe when someone told me that some movie stars are dining in that place... God save their soles... the food is very insipid and tastless... the service is super slow. . don't go there
The service is a little slow when you first arrive but once you get to the table everything is fast and very polite.
The BEST sushi in the state. Try the Lobster Roll.
Love, love, love their buffalo grilled wings and buffalo chicken strips.  The only other thing I've had was the pizza and it was, eh, okay.\n\nThey do have a great happy hour, if you like margaritas.  \n\nService is good.
If I could give zero stars I would.  Waited almost a half hour for my number to be called to even be registered, but that never happened.  I ended up leaving and going to cvs clinic instead.  Won't ever go back there.
The brisket blew my mind.While I am no expert,I did grow up in Texas and good bar b q was a regular thing for me growing up.That brisket reminds me of home.
This used to be our spot! And then it closed while we were away, back in Minnesota for a Summer. When we arrived back, they had reopened under new management and unfortunately did not hit the ever-loving bar anymore.
Fun, cute space, great food and even better prices. Easy parking, across from Camelback light rail stop, and very friendly staff.
Really fun candy store in the St Hubert shopping corridor
Having only sampled  the appetizers / small plates can't comment on the signature dishes but the services is great, bar area is comfy if not at times crowded and the patio is great, the few items I've tried were very good.
Very tasty. Just what we need in this part of town.
Solidly good food, but overpriced based solely on the quality & quantity of it.  Very cool ambiance too.\n\nMy friend made the point that considering ALL of the food is local the price is a steal.  He's right.  If that's your thing, then the price is pretty great.
You get what you pay for here.  For $2.50 per garment, you'll get your clothes dry-cleaned, but you could pay more elsewhere for a better pressing with fewer wrinkles.
I have a new favorite dish: Ahi Tacos served on jicama tortillas. \n\nQuick and attentive service for our party of six. A good martini made the way I like it. Interesting architecture.\n\nI'll be back.
Absolutely the best burger I have ever had. If you like it a little spicy try the Hell's Kitchen sandwich.
I noticed all items here are either expired or very close to.
Nice little cafe....\nA good place for brunch and lunch...\nAfternoon tea too!
My wife and I and another couple and our son went to La Petite France .\nWe all had a delightful time.  the server was wonderful and made excellent recommendations for food and wine.  Everyone was more than happy with the food and service.  This is a hidden gem!\nWe will return soon.
Not bad.  You get bar food but I think you expect that going in.  Nice enough ambiance for lunch.  Great service.  The veggie burger was edible.  The sweet poatoes were edible.  The green tea was good.  I will go again since I live so close by.
Wonderful brunch today! I had the Sunrise sandwich and my husband had the Holy Puerco - they were both delicious. I loved the homemade biscuit - light and fluffy and not dry at all. Everyone in the staff is extremely friendly - very positive and relaxing environment. Highly recommend it!
Wow! It was absolutely amazing .. The best massage I ever got!  I went with two other ppl and they said the same thing!  We had to drive an hour to go there but it was well worth it.  They were so nice! $49/ hour is nothing!!!!
If you dine here, dine on the patio. The ambience is quaint and comfortable. The pizza is different, but in a good way. The brussel sprout pizza is the absolute shiz.
The food was so good! The groupon I had made this a great deal. I would eat here again and I loved loved the salad bar. Lost one star for the wait being 45 mins to be seated. That aspect was a little disorganized.
Sometimes it's hard to find a seat but they have folding chairs in case you can't find one. But overall this places feels like a vacation, it's awesome.
Had a great business dinner for 20 at CarneVino this past week.  Great food, great service.  This place has been refined by Mario and Joe.  A++
This place is amazing! Generous portions and a great price! Service is okay, not the best but I def keep coming back because of the food!
FAVORITE! This place is such a gem. Every time i  travel to the PHX area I make sure to stop here. Anything I've ever had was amazing and filling. The staff is pleasant and the owner is super nice. Hope they come to Tucson soon!
Food tasted great, portion a bit small, service not so great, server gave us food w/o utensils even after a prior reminder.  Also brought my credit card slip w/o a pen.
One of my favorite bars of all time.  Bartenders are awesome and the crowd is def more of a local scene.  DJ's spin & bands rock on the regs plus they have events happening all the time too so usually each weekend is different.  Mad space makes it very cool even when its busy.
If you're looking for traditional greek food, then this isn't the place to go to. But the people who go here aren't looking for that and for what they offer, they do it all very well. The gyro pita is amazing, I've probably had hundreds of them.
I thought the happy hour was decent, but its not a huge difference when its not happy hour. The service is decent too, but the tacos are really amazing. I loved it. Best one was probably the fish tacos, but everyone I know seems to let me know that the Scottsdale location is much better.
yummy burgers and fries. frozen hot chocolate is pretty good. I like my homemade soy cocoa drinks more though.
Best tacos I have ever consumed.  Ate there twice on my last Vegas trip.
Food just ok average but loved the service and especially our waiter Adam. That's a plus. We will come back and ask for our waiter Adam.
The website led me to believe there was free wifi. It didn't mention that this just meant weak wifi in the lobby. I didn't bring a laptop or Ethernet cable, so am now stuck with no Internet in my room and a useless iPad.
This is the most expensive Chinese food I ever had. The soup was 20$ for one person\nAnd I piece sea bass is 32$ . \nThe food is not that good. So I will give then 1 start. Never came back!!
Probably the weakest buffet I've been to on the Strip. Small selection, but definitely has the necessities like prime rib, shrimp cocktail, and king crab legs. But really, nothing spectacular and the dessert section was not impressive. Pass!!
This place use to be my favorite haven't been in awhile but the changes to menu are awful right down to chips and salsa never again shrimp tacos especially were the best beer battered and cabbage was best texture and now they are mushy disgusting ewww never ever again
sooo good!!! never dissapointed! great patio. Maize is a little sweetie, she is always in there!! which is great!!
This place is SO amazing!! Get the pork tacos? They are $2 a piece and are to die for!!
Looking for authentic Japanese Tonkatsu this is the place to come..  check it out xoxox
Price wise good however the rice wasn't good, it was under cooked. The yogurt sauce wasn't same as I tried middle eastern or Mediterranean  sauces elsewhere. Service was good that's why it will be unfair to give them less than 3 stars ***
Had fun with my friends. We came here to watch Zedd perform, and he was amazing. The venue is nice. You can dance inside or chill outside by the pools. Fresh air at clubs is always a plus in my books.
I live in the area and wanted a place that I could go to on the weekends without spending too much or having fast food, so I tried this place.\nIt is amazing, everything I have tried so far is really good and the price is more than reasonable.
Great staff but the new owners have taken away ufc what the heck talk about losing business guess we have to take our business to El Hefe, all 20 of us.
Terrible service, constantly trying to upcharge. I left with no polish on my toes, a crappy massage and $40 less in my pocket. Don't waste your time or money here.
Nice place with not allot of hooplah. Not exactly fast food or full restaurant.       Fettuccine Alfredo and chicken parmesan were tasty.   Friendly staff.
Only place in Arizona with authentic cold buckwheat soba noodles\nPrices are too low - \nNeed to add a good ramen with all the fixons to add on and I would stop going to Japan to eat
While parking is a doosey at times, the atmosphere is wonderful.  I love the outside fireplaces, cushey chairs, and water features.  A nice stroll for the day.  Great stores although it can stand a few more restaurants.
best brunch buffet ever !!
WORST SERVICE EVERY. \nWe never got a refill of our waters. \nSmall portion size for the price.\nthey put on an 18% service charge (TIP) when Service was bad. \nI would never go back!
Very disappointed!!! Went there at 1030 am on a SATURDay and they sold the last twelve in front of me! What donut shop runs out on a Saturday? Will not be back.
Asked for a med rare burger and i got a med well. Service was okay we got asked how our food was before we started eating or I would have brought it to our waitresses attention. Next time we saw our server was only to pay the bill. Still love this place though.
I happen to love this place food very good. Menu has something for everyone! The prices arent bad. The location is amazing, prime time action on the las vegas strip. My husband and I go every year. Only down side is service is so so.
They charge for chips and salsa.  Cockroach came out from under our table so we left.
Not the best not the worst. Average and okay but nothing to die for.
BBQ Chicken Pizza! Root Beer crafted in-house? Berry spritzer? \n\nI love love love their pizza and usually get the BBQ Chicken pizza (i'm a sucker for bbq)  The location is large and has ample amount of parking being in the Eastern plaza.  Great, friendly service!
It's been over a year since i have been here. Everything was decent the food was fresh. \nThe employees were very friendly and it was kept clean inside. Will most likely be back in soon.
The staff here is very friendly and made the experience fun. The carts and fast and the track was wasn't just a big circle, it has curves and hills. The race was about 18 laps so it's worth the money. I do wish they opened earlier, but I was worth the wait!!!
I believe in 2nd chances! Ordered the Barbecued Chicken for take-out. It was so dry I fed it to my dogs and ate the 3 day old Albertson's Barbecued Chicken in my fridge. You know it tasted fresher and better! Corn Muffins were good though.
Ehh it's alright definitely not authentic greek food , prob won't go back very blan, and they use sour cream to make tzatziki blah
This place is awesome really! The food was excellent and so were the service and the staff. Not too many choices, but every single one of them is very original and tasteful. You get to experience tastes and products that you cannot find everywhere.\nWould definitely go back.
I ordered a fajita quesadilla and why I got was a fajita burrito swimming in a pool of fluid which caused the bottom to be mushy and pasty...quite gross!  Don't think I'll be back!!!
Only because I know the food is good that I give it 2 stars, but otherwise the service is absolutely horrendous.  I won't be coming back, cause the food isn't good enough to excuse the poor service
Exactly what you get for a high end restaurant -- good food, great atmosphere, and superb customer service. The amazing view and pianist were just the cherry on top of the sundae. I think that explains it well enough.
This is the best dry cleaner I have found. They do a great job and have a very convenient pick up service. Their representatives are always professional and courteous. I would recommend them to anyone.
This place was fantastic.  Super fun menu.  Everything we tried was yummy. Huge portions.  Our server, Kristen, was very friendly, very knowledgeable and gave us recommendations about the menu. Thank you for a wonderful first time experience.  I will be back next time I am in town.
Excellent food, drinks, service and atmosphere. Extremely pleasurable experience. Would return to Las Vegas just to dine here.
Great quality chicken! Chicken Teriyaki bowl is yummy. Excellent portion sizes. They need better forks and knives, the forks are flimsy. Fun atmosphere and worth the price! Will definitely be a regular here. Bring your own flatware - lol !
This is my favorite place for authentic Mexican tacos in Phoenix. I love the pastor and carne asada here.  They have the cart out for pastor in the evenings, I try to make it on the weekends when I am in the area.
Like this park very much....except its usually pretty quite. I personally like it when there are lots of dogs for my dogs to interact with. Clean. Walking trails. Benches. Drinking fountains. Places to cookout. Skate park. Separate areas for large/small dogs.
Restaurant has So much character.
A little pricey but excellent, hands down absolutely incredible. :)
eeeeeeewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
For a fast food joint this place in on point! ;P My favorite is the veggie pita with fries. Very tasty. Super friendly and attentive staff. Clean and bright, too.
Tasty tapas. Great selection, somewhat pricey. Good people watching while enjoying delectable bites and sipping on your favorite beverage.
Small but very nice.  I had a calzone ... very good ... would come back again!
I love Salon Faith! I have been coming here for three years and keep coming back even though I live across the valley! All the girls are wonderful and give everyone star treatment. I highly recommend Salon Faith! :)
Best chinese food so far in Vegas. It's a little more expensive than other similar restaurants but worth it.
The food is bad!!!! Drinks were good, so was the service, but I have never had a worse mushroom cheeseburger in my life. My boyfriend got a chicken sandwhich and couldn't finish it. How do u mess up basics like that?? Gross :(
If you like overpriced food that really isn't that good, a wait staff that is snobby and a cliental that is a bunch of want-a-bees that somehow paying too much for food feeds their egos and makes them feel good about themselves.  This is the place for you.
Its no Vdara, but i still had a good time. haha....\n\nRooms have been slightly upgraded, so for the Excalibur, its pretty decent place to sleep in.... take a taxi and venture out to the rest of Las Vegas Blvd.
Lobster here lobster there all i see is lobster.  This place is good but pricey but well worth it.  Get the lobster roll and mac and cheese they are amazing and you won't get disappointed
The service here has greatly improved so much that I don't have to drive to the Southern Highlands store anymore! Great job to the new manager for turning around the service there!
I love this place. It has a cozy feel, and the best smoothies I've had yet in Edinburgh. The sandwiches are delicious AND they have nutella croissants... Can't get much better than that. No wifi. Pretty quiet. Great and friendly staff.
The staff is always friendly!  The green tea was great the last time I got it.  This Saturday I got an orange pineapple spritzer and it was absolutely fantastic.
Nothing fancy, $17 for a cheese pizza that is average .  beer tap list is impressive.  Not sure I would come back for food.  No real complaints just overpriced and unimpressive. . . give it an eahhh!
Okay experience. Meat was not impressive, mostly too dry and overcooked. Over priced for what they have to offer. Spent $100 for two. You can find much better restaurants around the area.
Good food fast service like the atmosphere We sat outside and the waitstaff was quite helpful
Bixi is a great and affordable way to see Montreal. Their big challenge is ensuring they have enough bikes in rideable condition in all of the hotspots. \nThere were times they ran out of bikes.\n\nRegardless, it is a fantastic way to get around during a weekend in Montreal.
SO easy to book online and excellent staff and service!  My house looks gorgeous!
This repair shop is NOT open 24/7 as it states on Yelp. I tried to bring my car here at 730am and they were closed.
These cupcakes were only ok. They were not very fresh and the amount of frosting piled on them was inedible. I won't be going back.
It's awesome place to learn Brazilian ju jitzu with one of the greatest Ryan Beauregard and also keep in good shape. Check it out as they are open to a 3 day pass. Come try it out!
mark & mercedes are a must listen to in the morning.
how fun is this place!!!!  A construction zone where you can do an obstacle course and challenge your friends!  Things that you would never think you would do like operate a bulldozer you do here!  I recommend not to go on a windy day when the dirt flies every where.  Be safe!
I am an expresso drink girl. What a disappointment! The iced mocha was horrible. Could not taste any flavor of coffee what so ever. The triple expresso was very weak in flavor. The prices are very reasonable compared to other coffee shops. You definetly get what you pay for. Will not return to this establishment.
WSOP was going on when we were there that was awesome!!  I didn't play buy-in was $10k to rich for my blood.  Free shuttle to the strip from Rio
Had the carne and shrimp tacos, absolutely fantastic!! Get them with the red salsa to add a little kick! \n\nStop by if you are in the area you won't be disappointed!
We got in right away and the food is good as well as the margaritas.  I ordered Seafood quesadillas with no cheese (I'm pescitarian).  I'm thinking I should have had the fajitas they're famous for instead.  Regardless, it was fast and tasty
I SHOULDA GOT A DOUBLE-DOUBLE\n\nStopped by here last night and picked up dinner after work. I got a #2, which is a cheeseburger, fries and a drink. I ordered my fries well done and a strawberry shake to drink.
Ridiculous. Utterly ridiculous. I just called and attempted to place an order by telephone. I was promptly asked to call back in 45 minutes! What kind of business asks a potential customer to call back??! I apologized for bothering them and informed them that I wouldn't be giving them my business. Sorry about it.
Love the cheesecake flavor yogurt here.  Blueberries are so fresh and sweet. At least this place offers fresh fruits unlike others that only serves fruits from can. Wish there's a location near my house tho. But this place definitely gets a thumps up from me.
I had little help today when trying to buy replacement smoke alarms. I finally gave up and walked out the door.  I'll buy from a supplier online.
Food was good, granted all 6 of us didn't get what we ordered. Drinks came at least 20 minutes after sitting down, food came in another 15-20 minutes. All food orders wrong, drinks wrong. Luckily our wrong food was actually pretty good.
The owner is very friendly and the yogurt was refreshing on a 108 degree day!
Rooms are outdated and not as clean as they should be. Even the TVs are very old tube TVs, Last time I will stay here. Had that old \"motel\" smell. 2 stars may be generous.
Ordered take out and was not impressed. They had charged us incorrectly and the avocado on my salad was bland and rubbery. If that had been my first time eating there I wouldn't be back. It was just a blah meal.
Great meal!! Crab cakes and asparagus were amazing. Our waitress India was amazing!! Offered suggestions that both me and my boyfriend got. No complaints. Coming back soon.
My meatball sub was kind of disappointing. I mean really all the meatball subs in CLT have beens sadly. More cheese is not the answer.
Went to Saks over the summer couldnt get help from anyone yet it wasnt busy. If you dont look like a million bucks dont run inside here! They wouldnt throw fire on your burning body!
Lots of variety. Wish they had more sushi variey though.  This buffet is particularly good if you love meat and other protein products as they have quite a selection. Loved the desserts here. Food quality was average.  Overall, a decent buffet.
The server was great the food was okay the wait was long not as good as Gilbert black bear.
Do not trust these people.  Their sales people ignore, obscure, deceive, or do whatever possible to NOT disclose the truth.  They get you to sign a 5 year contract that costs thousands to get out of.  Run away!
Great vibe - friendly and comfortable place.  Coffee was a bit of a disappointment though.  No latte art and too much milk.  Definitely not a third wave experience, but drinkable.
For a seafood buffet I was not impressed. Crab legs were good. Lobster tails were small and chewy. Prime rib was good. Oysters were small. Desert selection was small but pleasing. Overall, ok buffet but I don't think I would return.
Staff is not well trained. Had to pay 2,69$ for a small cold kids milk.
They came to give me a quote for a project on 7/19 & I never heard back from them even after leaving a message..I give 1 star for showing up to look at the project
Absolutely horrible. Terrible food and worse. service. Overpriced and under-managed. Don't waste your time. I had high hopes which made the disappointment even harder to stomach. I will NEVER return.
v. charming cafe, complete with beautiful pastry counter, excellent java offerings. quiet, spacious seating area inviting to catch up w/friends or curl up with a good read.\n\nconveniently next door to Joe's Farmhouse Grill.
Don't get it. For a carne-based gastropub, the best menu item was our salad (which was much too large... over-compensating?).  Everything else was quite forgetable. Much better food at Salty Sow.
Amazing! I Purple rice makes me healthier.\nI had Las Vegas roll, Crunch California, Oh My God, and Crazy roll. Foods are soooo good! I will revisit there again!
Amazing food, amazing views. Great secret date place.
Come eat, come often. The food is fresh, tasty and wonderful. The service is excellent as well.
good news this week April 1st they have hired a new chef ... havn't been back yet but will have to see
I tried going here at 7:30 on a Sunday.  The open sign was on and the hours posted said they were open until 9.  Too bad they were closed when I got there.
Drinks are cheap, the staff are friendly and the food was good. Try the shrimp tacos!  $2 to add a big plate of nachos, rice and beans to your entree if you're really hungry.  We liked it so much we came back the very next night.
Can u say overpriced?
Some fun and cute things here to go  through all kinds of little knickknacks and strange items quite interesting and some hard-to-find places maybe you might want to come take a look if you are a treasure Hunter.
A good Starbucks.  There is always a line at this one due to it's location but they do a great job of getting people served quickly.  Today I had a salted camel mocha.  It was pretty amazing.\n\nThis location also has a fireplace which is a nice touch for cold days.
Rooms were clean. Clubhouse was nice.  Staff are friendly, not super helpful on Thursday evenings. Most likely due to excessive checkins.   Close to strip and affordable.  They do try and pitch a time share present, which is okay because they do offer you nice gifts to hear their pitch.
Very good service excellent Steak cooked perfect to My liking the asparagus was delicious.  My Son really enjoyed His Hawaiian Pizza abd of course the. Cheesecake was incredible!!!!
Nice hotel, clean rooms and hot breakfast in the mornings!
(Breakfast) No turkey products :( Not everyone eats pork.
New Carly's. No tuna. Menu change & Carly's removed the tuna. Sorry but as that was my fav sandwich, I won't be back. Bummer. Less options other than chicken & beef. New menu letdown. Boo. Dislike.
Long lines worth the wait everthings fresh even handmade tortillas great deal $2 tacos
I always go in there and spend way more then I planned and buy stuff I really do not need at all!
We went for happy hour and it was good prices but margaritas tasted like mix only! One of the bartenders was a complete douchebag tho he was arguing with us the the 1800 tequila is Jose Cuervo and told us how wrong we were. Anyways he kinda ruined the experience but it was ok
For some reason i tend to come here once a month and always feel like I need a tetanus shot. Its cheap fun and if you loose you can't really lose big since table mins are so low.
The gym is showing it's age. Nothing bad but nothing great.  With a hotel like the venetian, i wished they would have updated the gym with modern equipments.
No Buys here, don't wast a stop.\n\nNice friendly knowledgeable staff.\n\nReally helpful if you can't find it they will look it up for you they will also give you a print out of what it does and how it works.
I'm visiting from out of town but you can't go wrong with their cheese curds and tipsy burgers.
This is a great place to go for breakfast the morning after a crazy night. \n\nService here was good but place was very crowded and food took a little longer than I wanted to wait for.
My bf and I moved here from the East coast where we've had amazing Chinese food.  Being Chinese, my bf was craving authentic Chinese food.  Based on the yelp reviews, we chose to go here, NEVER again, we got food poisoning from here just from the fried rice!
If you want good service, see Nicole at the bar! She was on top of everything and knew how to pour beers!
Snatched a fresh Churchill ($7.30) from the humidor and had a great conversation with the Canadian-born owner and his wife, nice people...I stayed long enuf to watch Wildcats eat up the Gators...it's all good!
LETTE macaroons are way better in Fashion Island Newport Beach CA
They were closed from 2-5, What the Hell!!!! Trek all that way from Mirage and you're closed! What kind of Vegas stop are you!
So, so, so very very gross. Do not eat here, even if it's free. And if it is free, sell it to some idiot for $5.
Golds Gym SUCKS!!\n\nManager told me he was going to cancel membership,  failed to do so.\nHe doesn't even have the balls to call me.  What a pussie!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We were greeted immediately. The employee was helpful and knowledgable about Boba menu.  The Milk Tea Boba was very tasty and donut was fresh.
Brunch was amazing. Mexican with a French style of cooking. I had the chicken and waffles. Nothing like Roscoe's, but still amazing in a different way.
This is an update on the deli .... Dear deli you suck your help is incompetent and slow I have passed up shopping in your deli because of the help you hire
Great flavors, very friendly staff.  I always stop in before I shop.  Do yourself a favor next time you go to the mall...fyi park by Macy's
They closed
They made an appt for me at 1:00.  When I arrived they said that it would be 45mins.  After over an hour they had still not started.  What's the point of having an appt?  Why tell me 45mins when you would not have even started over an hour later if I hadn't said  something?
Their phone service is aweful so rude the food is fair I keep trying it but the people who work here are the rudest of people I wonder if they train them to be assholes
I LOVE CHICKEN WINGS!! My fave is parmesan-garlic!!
Slow, sloppy, careless customer service is what will prevent me from coming back, but the limited produce and exorbitant prices don't help their case, either. The atmosphere is even depressing--stark, over-bright. Thank God Hy-Vee moved in across the street.
Not bad, clean compared to most Souper Salads in Phoenix. The staff is always slow though, and I have experienced 45 mins sitting there trying to get the drink I ordered.But the food is fresh, and for the price, you can't really go wrong.
It just closed. It was exquisite as a reviewer put it but too expensive and snobby  for these times.
A decent Greek restaurant, we order lamb rib, pita and calamari. Nothing really stands out.
It's pub fare.  They make aok beers.  Screens are small.  Food is below average.  It's a Plan C when Plan A and B don't work out.
UNLV is a very nice campus overall. It is a university after all. Food court, Dr. office on the same floor. Bright and clean (you have to know by now I am a major clean freak) I am on campus a few times a week and almost always cruse the student union..
Awesome! It's a great place to walk through even if you don't plan on spending any money. There's good places to eat also. It's huge and you will always have something to look at. No boredom here.
This panda is very slow but food is worth the wait!
Amazing bagels! Crusty on the outside, soft and chewy inside....
Food was good. Service was shit. Waited about 20 minutes for half of the drinks we ordered, another 15 minutes for a water and iced tea. On top of that another 40 minutes for our food. Our server kept avoiding us and rolled her eyes countless times. First and last time here.
I previously craved this place and was a very very frequent customer.  The service went steadily downhill....and the last time I dined there I was very sick for 2 days.  I even tried to call the manager who did not seem at all interested in hearing about our experience.   Sadly I am not going back.
Burrata and the Italian stallion pizza. Trust me. Just let it happen.\n\nWaitress was bubbly and sweet. Recommended a great bottle of Barbera wine.\n\nTrue neopolitan style pizza with a chill, laid back ambiance. We had a ball!
It's very easy to figure out and it has free wifi and available outlets. Traveled here on a Sunday at around 7PM and there was NO line at all. Security was quick and painless. That's really all I ask of an airport, and that is what I got. Thanks!
Red velvet pancakes are the bomb, fluffy soft, not too sweet.  They made eggs well with crispy edges.  Large portions.  Unfortunately,  no specialty coffees.  Kinda out of the way to travel and neighborhood a little iffy. Food delicious,  very Hawaiian with spam options.
Ipic theater was great it was my first time it was an experience to be there with Hubby and the people there was very  nice a it a little pricey but we will be going back !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I got the chicken salad, and its more salad than chicken. I counted a total of 6 little squares of chicken. For $8 I expected more chicken!
The Red, White, and Blue Waffles are AMAZING!!!  Loaded with fresh fruit!!!
Not enough soup for the tonkotsu and yes tonkotsu is all about the soup.  What is the point for marketing tonkotsu when stingy on soup.  Not recommended!!
menu is lacking and no atmosphere.  much better places to go to around there but if you have to I guess you could no worse.
Delicious. Tried tongue for the first time. Wish the service was faster. Happy with the food.
Absolute morons! First they keep screwing up the order on the drive thru screen, then its finally right, and the idiots make and serve me the original screwed up items. We went for breakfast and they gave us regular food.  We got home and tried calling but no one answered.  What a joke!
Overpriced!! The juices and the hardware. Juices were nothing to rave about. I tried a ton of them & none of them stood out as an ADV. \nThe one star that I did give them was for the cleanliness & the decor.
Recently, I went to The Gold Guy store to ask about selling my old jewelry. I felt very comfortable when I walked in and after speaking to the person who worked there, I had no doubt that they were a reputable business.  I was offered a great price for my jewelry and agreed to the deal. I would happily recommend this company to anyone.
Overpriced mediocre food... Slow friendly service.... Hair in my food (management didn't seem very concerned about it)... Should've known by the lack of waiting time for a table, while all the other restaurants had a 45 min wait....
Was hoping to cater an event from here, but after sampling the food am looking elsewhere. Managers are pleasant but their food has no flavor. Satisfied Frog is ten times better.
Wow is all I can use to describe the evening here.  We were sat immediately for a table of 3, even though the parking lot and restaurant were loaded.  My filet, PERFECT!  Everything about our first visit here has me putting this place in my favorites.  I can't wait for the return!
This is the only place I have ever had my Mini serviced at. They are always more than accommodating. Dominic is the best service adviser! Super friendly and helpful, always explains everything clearly. Mini takes care of their customers!
Food & customer service wasn't good.  Don't plan on coming back here. Too much food that doesn't even have good taste.
Went here about 4 times during our 10 day stay in the area. Dried fruits are the best you can get in a commercial establishment, meat cuts are super fresh and pre-packaged meal selections are a great alternative when you don't feel like cooking. Will return whenever in town.
Had the parmesan garlic and teriyaki wings and they where really good.  A nice and clean wing joint. Just don't be in a hurry, takes awhile to get your food.
Count on Zipps for a good time, food is tasty at a fair price, plenty of TV's, attractive servers, burgers are sensational !!
Very friendly service and good food!
Great food and drinks and even better patio.  A little pricy though.
Great place to just hang out. Friendly service and good food. One of my favorites is the BLT&E. Lots of flavor, not heavy, and just the right amount of \"different\"
Currently waiting to see the PA for about 45 min now (after waiting 25 just to get called back) and listening to socializing and complaining about the flood waters outside of the room I'm sitting and waiting in as if my time isn't valuable. This is not acceptable! 8:30am appt, now leaving at 10:00!
Finally a good dim sum place in Las Vegas! This reminds me of all of the great ones in Southern California. The food is always consistent, hot and fresh. The restaurant also gets another thumbs up for being in Henderson, it's only a short drive away to satisfy my dim sum cravings!
Very friendly service & generous portions of fresh, healthy food! Good prices & the softest, freshest cookies ever!
Sit outside, its worth the wait. fantastic way to finish Mothers Day at the lake.
Cheap dry cleaning but Im not big on people eating while they do customer service. I can still smell her food.
Great place to enjoy a nice cigar and drink. Our server Tammi was fantastic! 5.00 Sky Vodka drinks was a plus too. Being open air, we didn't choke out ourselves or anybody else. Very nice place!
Carne Asada Taco's are pretty good! California Burrito is fantastic! Love their green sauce! Place is open 24 hours which is nice
This place is a great little secret Thai restaurant in town. It's frequented by local and visiting celebrities. Also helps that it was also featured in February 2011 Travel & Leisure magazine as one of the best restaurants in Las Vegas.
The meat selection was great, but not as good as other brazilian restaurants I've visited.
This store is AWESOME! Went here for the for the first time last week and LOVED it.! Net was so friendly and most of all knew his stuff. I went in for one thing and walked out with 5 new things! I was fast and friendly and prices were competitive. I will be back soon!
Ya know I received a coupon in the mail for this place, so I decided to try it. After we ate a not so good breakfast; they declined my coupon. Overall food was not that good. Customer service was even worse.
Steaks are old or wrong size. Goto your local grocery store.
WOW! what a great suprise. I had heard great things about Mac Shack so I decided to take the kids out to lucnh. Great menu and very child friendly. I highly recommend the baked rigatoni. I will be back on a weekly basis.
Great atmosphere and the food is good for anybody who is willing to try curry. The service is great. The curry isn't watered down like many places who serve curry. This place is just up the alley if you want a thick curry curry plate :)
This restaurant is a good for the simple foods.  The service is slow, food is good, pie is better.  Really I felt like a youngin' in this place, the clientel was a little aged.
Good crepes and good service I wish they are open later than 3 it's Vegas !!!! I alway recommend friend and family here and I\nThey never disappointed
Food is killer finger licking delicious\nservice is good\nthey have live music\ngreat beer choice\na must
Pizza came out hot & crispy tonight.  Service was good, the young staff seems happy to be working there by making small talk and always coming by to see if all was good.
Prime rib was bland. Best thing was the butterfly shrimp. 16$ on Mother's day.  Dessert was terrible.
Great breakfast spot! Casual atmosphere and good food. Veggie Benny is YUM!
This is quite possibly the rudest optical shop I have ever set foot in. Four technicians were sitting around in the front. Ten minutes of icy stares later, I left without even being acknowledged.
What can I say, awesome, probably one of the best pizza's I have ever had.
great show!\n\nmust see!
Very clean airport.
Just not my kind of place. There really wasn't anything in particular that stood out that was horrible. It lends itself to a younger crowd.  It never seems that clean. It has decent drink specials. During large events it will become incredibly packed.
The best hotdogs in Las Vegas! The Angry Dog is a must if you like spicy, and the chili dog is simply amazing.
Jake is amazing!!!!!!!! Friendly and trustworthy. Fixed my ac, changed my oil, and changed my spark plugs. He knew what was wrong when other places were giving me the run around!  Fair and reasonable prices. I can't recommend him enough! I'm a customer for life!!!
Dropped in for lunch to check it out. I had the Yellowtail Jalape\u00f1o appetizer and the Maguro Madness roll. The service staff was friendly and quick.
We love their chicken chopped salad with basil & candied pecans. And the jalape\u00f1o fries are good too. I'm not a huge fan of the pizza, but my husband really likes the buffalo chicken one. The crust is too soggy for me but the flavor is good.
love their hand tossed pan pizza
Pretty  good burgers, we had the badass burger & chicken nuggets, I actually loved the nuggets more. 1 star down for the menu being ONLY placed on the countertop :-/ doesn't make any sense and the blonde cook really looked miserable, maybe she had a bad day?
Hotel rooms are very clean and modern. Room service is the best on the strip. The casino is not my favorite. Beautiful spa and work out facilities. I highly recommend an airbrush tan by Melissa. Incredible job! I recommend making reservations at the country club and going for the fixed menu of the season.
Once again my local dominos lets me down. I call the store after according to the website my order left the store over an hour ago and the manager literally laughed when i asked for a refund. Keep my $29 Dominos bc you will never get another dime from me or anyone I know.
Amazing food! You should be prepared for a pricey dinner, but the quality of food makes it worth it. Had the tuna tartare & sea scallops. Both were incredible! Best scallops I've had. Yum!
Another award winning experience at Elena's in Las Vegas... \n\nI had the lechon special with rice.. HMMMMMMM\n\nNeed I say more?!  Elena's Lechon Special is the BEST!
The summer rolls were average the vegetable dumplings were incredible.  The braised eggplant was very good and the chicken lo mein was extremely tasteless. We ordered the three sorbet trio  the coconut was incredible the raspberry was very good and the pineapple was disappointing. it was like a solid ball ice
Great bar and patio in downtown Phoenix. Visiting from Denver we followed Yelp recommendations and were really impressed. View of downtown and sunset from the patio were awesome. We only had drinks, no food. The design and layout are really well done and modern. Highly recommend!
Stayed for their buffet and played some bowling. Their buffet is decent for the price and it being off the strip. Their bowling alley is a little dated, I prefer the Texas Station's bowling alley personally.
Overpriced food here. The duck was OK, but i wish the skin should be crispy instead soft skin.
This place is phenomenal I would go again and again! The food is unique, and it is great for sharing! The staff is extremely friendly and the atmosphere is positive. It is a small place so I would recommend making a reservation first. I cant say enough about this place. If I could I would marry it..
Am I in New Jersey?\n\nI'm not?\n\nAre you sure?\n\nI can't even see the strip from here, I don't believe you.\n\nThat guy has a fucking Ed Hardy tattoo. I'm definitely in Jersey right now.
Beautiful lit scenery using wire and colorful silk amazed us as we walked through the scenery.  Very impressive.   See my pictures!\n\nIf you are in Montreal, this is a must see ... check dates and times as it is a yearly temporary event.
Really liked this place. It's a hidden gem. Growing up in Mexico, I judge Mexican food harshly in the US. This place is pretty authentic. Their Pozole is fantastic. The service was great, the atmosphere is on the loud side but not annoying. Bring your friends here for a party! Highly recommend.
LOVE THIS PLACE!  i could eat here all the time.  i always go for lunch with friends or for dinner with family.  great for kids.  there is grass for the kids to run around on.  it is like going on a picnic at the park but with great food.  we go about once a month! well maybe more!
Great place if you get stranded in Montreal!
Good service, good food, but a fairly limited menu. If you like your bars loud and friendly, where food's not your main priority, this is your place.
Place is great. The ice cream is amazing. The staff doesn't seem to excited to be there.
I've been here four time since it opened. The food is fantastic but that's about it. The customer service is appalling.
This place used to be real good but now very lousy. I ordered soup to go when I got home the soup was cold. I will never ever go back there anymore.
Crisy Pata FTW!!!! We always have to order a large for the table or for home along with whatever combos we get.  Its a must try.  Dip with the soy sause that they provide or the lechon sauce.
Overpriced and nothing special really, I had Bagel, Lox and works, all I got is 2 see through tiny pieces of lox for $10! Bagel was good and fresh but for this price I might as well go to Einstein bagels for more lox and cream cheese
This place is a dive but is strangely appealing.  The food was good and reasonably priced.  Service was friendly and fast.  The outdoor patio is amazing with ping pong and corn hole.  They even had a band outside on a Wednesday night.  Great hang out joint.  Wii definitely be back.
As far as the atmosphere and the bar itself, it was very nice! Very cool chandelier with the bar inside of it! There were lots of places to sit but obviously the drinks are RIDICULOUSLY over priced. Good for people watching too!
This is not the ideal location for a desired private atmosphere. It was a noisy, our table was sticky and unsteady, service was slow (though friendly), and food was just okay for the money spent. We will likely not return unless for the Happy Hour atmosphere and prices.
I love the managers at this CVS!!! They are AWESOME!!!!!!!!
Grilled pork sandwich is the best, it is only $3.50.  Pho is great.  But is that price is higher than most places???
Piss poor customer service, incorrect information and attitude I cannot even begin to fathom in a customer service industry. \n0 stars if I could.
En un mot, je m'y sens chez moi. Burgers divins, idem pour les frites ! Le staff est amical et j'y vais aussi souvent que possible. \n\nUn QG digne de ce nom !
I won't ever return. They obviously don't care about anyone except the bottom line. They have a little corner bar thing but why bother
Popped in for a late lunch mid-afternoon.  I LOOOOOOVED the fish & chips.  Service was great,  prices more than reasonable.  We'll be back and will bring friends.
Amazingly delicious burger with even tastier fries. I also had a PBC&B concrete and it was so flavourfull and rich.
Worst Taco Bell ever!!! Very rude food was cold!! Now sauce was given or napkins! I will never return
Bad customer service, in fact no customer service. They dont even bother to greet you. Don't waste your money on cab fair going off the strip.
Great customer service checking out today, it's alway nice to have a knowledgeable cashier.
What a cute place to enjoy some coffee and breakfast. The food came out fast and was delicious
Only thing good about Sonic is their drinks.\nAny and everytime I've ever tried any of their food items, it has absolutely failed - here, Cali, anywhere. Don't do it - unless you're super thirsty!
Good food for a chain. Nothing I crave, but not bad at all
Conspire is your run of the mill haven for self  proclaimed artists and privileged middle class people  who fancy themselves \"radical.\" \n\nThe trinkets are cool, the coffee is average and the staff is obnoxious.
Yeah I thought imax theaters were supposed to be dome-ish, not here...Everything else was alright, I just felt more than a little ripped off by the whole flat screen \"i-max\" experience.
I can't find anything here! I can't even find a nearby employee to help me. FRUSTRATING!!!!!!
Best meal I had on my trip!  The Prime Rib was excellent and the horseradish was very fresh.\n\nService was excellent.
Absolutely the best ever. I wish I could go back. Their spicy salad is awesome and their number seven rocks. Always look forward to going back. Last time I was there I got stuffed. They need to open a restaurant in Phoenix. I would be a huge support.
Le jus d'orange est le classique, la poutine est d\u00e9licieuse. Souvenirs d'enfance, un must \u00e0 Montr\u00e9al
Horrible service. Good food. But horrible service.
Excellent!!! Vibrating place for sure. Awesome beers and good food tooo! Try Rolls, Pretzels, Hummes - some of my favs! Must visit!!!
I called to make a reservation for 6 people and I was told that, reservation for large party was no longer available. In a way, I am glad we are not eating there after reading about finding worms in the artichoke and insects crawling on the napkins.\n\nToo bad... It was a decent place to eat.
There's never a bad night at the crescent ballroom. I really enjoy the music that they bring in and I love the intimacy of the concerts. Please don't change!
Really good provolone Philly and I love the fries. What I really appreciate is that it's very clean and the employees are nice. The food is served pretty quick.
IHOP used to be good, but in recent years has become overpriced and very mediocre. You have to practically beg for warm syrup at this place. Seriously?
From a 1 being horrible and a 5 being awesome:\n\nFood - 2\nService - 4\nAtmosphere - 2\nPrice - 1\n\nThe food here was pretty bad and paying 3x what it was worth made it taste a lot worse.
The worst fill and pedicure in my life.  Would never go back!  My 5 year old niece could've done better on my pedicure.
One of the finer steakhouses on the strip, out of the way in the Planet Hollywood Casino. Superb service and really great food
Overpriced and hyped but they has this pistachio nougat that I have only ever had in France.  It tasted sooooo good! Worth the $10.50.
We have been sitting, waiting for food and beverage service for at least 15 minutes.  We have even gone up to the bar asking for service to our table with no luck.  Pretty ridiculously poor service for a bar right on Mill.
Service was unbelievable.  Veggie burger and sweet potato tots were so good.  We would go back again!
Yeah... No! This place is seriously horrible. The whole set up is strange and the ramen is even stranger. I would rate this as the worst ramen shop I've ever been to. I've had ramen all over California and Japan... Why even call it ramen...
Overall the food was good, I enjoyed the atmosphere, and I enjoyed the music. The price is wonderful, $20 for all you can eat is great. I do believe for people who have never been there before, the staff could have explained everything a bit better. There were 2 dishes we came encounter with that was not clean.
Egg Rolls were really good.  Sweet and Sour Chickent was meh.  We'll probably go again, but try something else.
Went in for a pedicure while passing thru from Las Vegas to South Bend. Ask if they can clean up my cuticles on my hands. They cut until my hand bled. Will be reporting them to the BBB next.
loved their sunday brunch!!! amazing tapas!
Dim Sum is awesome.  Service is super fast, five plates on the table within 2 minutes of seating.  Hidden gem.
I love this place.  Not only do the have great sushi at reasonable prices, they have $1 hot sake! $2 for a big bottle. The staff is very friendly and always offers great service. It gets a little crowded so feel free to call for reservations. Also, one of the best all you can eat deals in town.
I've eaten here at least 10 different occasions since the opening a couple months ago. Usually go for the kabobs - chicken, steak and salmon are delicious! Great service, food is very quick and consistent! Great location being right off the I-10. Go!
If you have nothing to really do and just want a basic lunch in a cozy environment I say go for it. I dont know what the pie is so humble about its not that great. With all the other choices for food in scottsdale I say look elsewhere for an interesting time.
Can't tell you about the food cause we never got any. After a 35 minute wait we walked out. Check out the other reviews and I concur. Don't hate your self and go somewhere else.
Good food, good ambiance, awesome service.
Food was okay,  not great. My martini was tasty.  Service was okay. The tables were too close together
Caters hard to office workers so the service is crazy fast for the most part and incredibly friendly. Food is decent (Bella chicken is pretty good, buffalo chicken  panini is terrible), soda machine is a little broken, and it is a bit high in price.
Food is good, atmosphere welcoming,and Jessica our waitress was great! Will definitely go again . It's a place we will be pleased to bring friends to.
This place has the WORST customer service!!! They would not even do a Mickey Mouse pancake for my 5 year old! I've been here several times and it's always the same horrible experience! We are NEVER coming back!
Very good food, nice atmosphere, good service, and they even wear traditional ethnic \"a-THAI-er\"!
Was a great spot to stop carnitas were great and the taco shells were made there not some store folded thing. Wife liked the enchilada plate too lots of food for the money. we shall go back
No redeeming qualities here. Schwill on tap. Food was terrible - had the pizza, mac & cheese bites, and spinach & artichoke dip.  It was hardly edible. Stay away.
Yummy food, awesome service, fun atmosphere. Had the bbq dog and the psychadelic special. The only meh thing was the fried mushrooms were kinda bland.
I dont know what they are pumping through their HVAC system, but it is awful. It smells like they are using perfume to cover up the smoke smell and it is just making it worse. Thankfully I am not staying there overnight and I dont think I ever will now.
Completely over priced for what this is. Food is extremely hot to cover the lack of any type of flavor. Pitcher of beer prices are decent. Go somewhere else... this place is lacking in taste, service and quality..
Service was so slow.  Food was so so but better airport choices then this place.
Took weeks to get my car after I purchased it when they told me it would only be one week.
A Pittsburgh must-visit with good (not great) sandwiches in very generous portions.  Family restaurant/sports bar range atmosphere.
quality is slipping here....slower service....food freshness issues.
Great store for grocery beautiful produce and a good selection in the deli. The best thing I just discovered is their helium balloons!  Regular latex balloons are only 10 dollars a dozen.  They have tons of colors and many cute designs.
Kidding me with the 3.5 star average.\n\nThe best pizza north of the 101 loop. Fantastic happy hour specials, great service, and delicious pizza.\n\nCame here for a birthday party, we got 4 different pizzas and they were all fantastic.
Ehhh, look elsewhere. Good customer service when you call in, but that's where it ends. Shop elsewhere.
Love their food - and especially love the happy hour.  Cheap apps, and even cheap wine!  Where else can you go and get a fairly large glass of wine for 2 bucks?!?!  Will keep coming back for more!
Place is good because it is fast, good, and hits the spot. \n\nI recommend going here after the clubs to get some carbs in you! \n\nTips: If you go after you come out of Marquee the lines can be pretty long so you may be better
TruCom is great when they/it works.  We have them for internet service and when it goes out - if it's late Friday evening - don't count on it working again until Monday.  The only provider I know that lets their customers sit without internet service for days on end.  RIDICULOUS!!!
Awesome Dickey's!! Friendly staff, amazing food, and nothing beats free ice cream!!
It's well kept and nicely appointed. I will say bring your own polish otherwise, I had a great gel mani and thorough pedi! I enjoyed it and was pleasantly surprised!
Excellent gyro, fries, and tzatziki sauce, but the baklava was a little too cold like it was fresh out of the fridge though it tasted very nice. Would definitely return again :)
I have been to the Krazy Buffet on Sahara, and I have enjoyed it but I must say that this one is not that good. The food was very grease and did not have much flavor. Will they say you get what you paid for and if I went to a real Chinese restaurant I would have paid a lot more.
Great selection of unique beers.
Awful service. We ordered brunch for 3 and waited for over 50 minutes before canceling. When we asked about our food, the cook yelled at us and told us to go to IHOP. I'll never go back.
The happy hour is good but they have t get rid of the old grumpy bartender. Killin the business... We walked out... He apparently thinks he owns the place.. Went to caralbad tavern instead !!!
Favorite location even though it's busy from the time they open and close. It's incredible how they keep up with tourists and grumpy people waiting in line, and still provide great service. Also, the drinks are always made well like not to watery or overpowering.
Food, wine and service were amazing! Everything from the charcuterie and cheese to the veal ribs and grilled octopus were impeccable! It was crowded and we sat at a communal table, but our neighbors were very friendly and just added to the experience. Wonderful experience all around, and highly recommended!
The bouncers and especially are rude with a power trip and can suck a DICK. They wouldn't allow my friend and i in the bar because we were wearing shorts on while other customers were wearing shorts. Such Liars! That place is overrated. Big douche bar! BITCH IT AINT VEGAS! !
The service was fantastic and the meat quality was excellent.  But the restaurant had a dirty wet sponge smell to it.\n\nPlenty of meat and sides to go around.  The salad bar was ok.
The worst pawn chain ever. Slow service from employees who could care less..take 40 for a 2000 dollar item or piss off...desperate environment for shady people...super pawn can blow me
Go at happy hour and enjoy some beer.  Skip the food unless you're really starved.  Go next door to Arby's for dinner.
I've been here for a couple of nights out and the cocktails are good and the music is cool! A bit crowded and full of a lot of posers taking selfies but if you can handle that then its a good place to start your night!
What can I say, it's a staple and always will be.  Nothing to write home about, but they are consistently quick and tasty.  They charge an uptick for additional goodies like guacamole/avacados, but any sandwich shop will do that to ya.
Best  place ever for good food!
I used to be a fan until today. First of all I know what chicken tastes like.  what I was served today was not chicken.  The server today no comments. My order was all jacked up.
Everything about this place is amazing. The food, drinks, and staff are the best. By far the best Italian food I've had in Vegas, reminds me of being back home in NY. I can't wait to go back.
We went there in a group for Sunday lunch! \nI wish I went for a full menu, I really don't like buffet that much, most of the food were too spicy for a non Indian.\nIt was 8$ for lunch, which was reasonable.
Food is still great but the service was terrible!!!!!! We have been their many times and we have never had service so bad before. It was the older lady with short hair and I just can't believe she totally ignored us. We were very disappointed.
Great fresh full of flavor chicken karahi--full order was huge.  Easily a whole chicken in it.  loved the sauce. Great eggplant dish too.  Kids loved the tikka massala.\nCheap and tasty.\nWould come back anytime I'm in the area.
Will definitely return! Stopped in, and picked up a Cowboy pan for the bf and I. Generously prepared, baked up perfectly and very delicious.  May come back tomorrow! Yumm yumm!
Very flavorful Pho! Spring rolls were Awesome! Interior is super nice! Reasonable prices!
Had a gel fill with Becca. My nails look fantastic! She's meticulous, friendly professional. The salon has an upbeat  environment and courteous staff. I'll go back for another fill and may try other services too. Great neighborhood salon!
Cool to walk around, but overall has the feel of an expensive outdoor mall.
Had the Spartan Club with a side salad. Felt like a full warrior when I left.
Interesting place. Only three kinds of sauce to use which was ponzu,spicy ponzu and peanut sauce. Most shabu places I go to lets you make your own sauces. Kinda pricey but things were fresh. Wouldve gave is a four star but they need to step up with the sauce.
Terrible chicken was old texture was odd and the food smelt foul!\nGROSS!!!!!
Our favorite Mexican place! Going there for years and never disappointed! Catering is excellent too!
I got a salad to go for the plane.  Lots of lettuce and one hunk of steak.  Ehhh... not the best, not the worst.
Other dishes are pretty tasty. Don't go to this place for noodle soup they don't use real soup broth. Go to Max Asia Cafe instead where they use REAL broth for their soup! and it's much better!
What a great gym. They have developed a very time efficient and intense workout that keeps you moving and leaves you exhausted. The staff and trainers are top notch and friendly and very motivating without making you cry. Okay, I cried a little bit.
Ate here tonite, and it was not good. Two of us ordered the Fajita style fundido. All it was was strips of chicken stuffed inside a flour tortilla, with jalape\u00f1o cream cheese sauce on the top. No peppers or onions inside, dry and terrible!
What a delightful little place! This new restaurant on the Southeast corner of Southern and McClintock has an ambience and class that are much too rare in Tempe. Tasty (and affordable) sushi and sandwiches in a lounge-type atmosphere that is modern and refreshing. We need more like this!
Lisa and Sam in the service department were GREAT!!!  They helped us out that words can't even describe.  Thank you SO much!!!!
Not the kind of show you want to bring your kids or patents to. If I wasn't so stressed out at being w my kids and mom and listening to this \"naughty \" type of humor, I probably would have enjoyed it. The theater is very nice. Waitresses very organized. Not recommended for families.
Good bulgogi and short ribs. Marinade is pretty good and they have lots of sides such as glass noodles, rice, tempura, veggies and soup. But they need more sides like sliced radish
I'm not sure why so many negative reviews for this location. The restaurant is clean and spacious. Exceptionally friendly service. The waitress Jenna is super super super nice. The only time we had to wait a while was Mother's day weekend. The food is just like any other IHOP location. Will surely come here again.
Good choice for Mexican food in Charlotte. Enjoyed the flautas as well as the cheese dip. It is one of the best cheese dips I have had at a Mexican restaurant.  Highly recommend.
I need to know if you make a pizza with either whole grain or whole wheat ?\n\nDiabetics have a hard way to go. Thanks
Great food.  Very unique atmosphere for a Mediterranean restaurant.  Will defenatly stop by again when in the area.
Pretty average stuff.  An employee made is a less than pleasing experience when listening to a LOUD on-hold message on her cell phone speaker. I mentioned it was loud. She looked up and mumbled something. Perhaps she did not speak English, is retarted, or didn't give a shit?
The food was cool.
Pad Thai is wonderful. The Thai soup was just what the Dr ordered for s cold and Jose the bartender was very friendly and gave great service.
Coffee tastes pretty good, service was good ...\n\nOver priced, $8.29 for coffee and a granola bar, ouch !! To be expected I guess  ...\nthey don't really cater to dairy /food allergies either which is disappointing.
This place is pretty good had the red velvet pancakes, and some other dishes that were good as well. Nice breakfast place overall
This place means business, strong smell of roasted coffee in the air, people eating late night snacks, a great selection of anything java or non java to tempt your senses!
Don't waste your time. Ordered fajitas and the onions were raw! Chicken was bland no flavor. The rice tasted like something out of a box minus the salt. We will never go back. You think Phoenix would have great Mexican food but I can't seem to find any.
Save you money.  Worst excuse for Mexican food I have ever eaten.  Try Pedro's Mexican Food at 5 1st and Glendale.
We have been going to Metro Pizza for the past 5 years and the pizza is great and the kids love making their own pizzas too.
Great service. Food was cool. Our server Laura is the best. The nicest lady and helped us a lot with the menu and all its options. Ask for Laura and tip her very well. She earned it!
Red Robin is what it is, so I'm basing this review against like kind restaurants (chili's, olive garden, etc...) Had a great meal, cheap cold beer, and a good experience. Food came out very quickly, bartender was a really nice guy. Also looked clean and well managed.
The worse service.
First experience was nice! Alil loud, but its a nice social feel. Food was pretty good. I was alil disappointed that i didnt get to try the food i saw on the reviews. Didnt know they change menus weekly. Amazing plate presentation! Nice interior layout! I'd definitely come back again to try new dishes!
Got in for free while registered for the posing audition, so no complain.\nI posed today!\n\nPS: Get a brazilian wax if you plan to pose nude. See my list where I get it done in Northern California.
Good for an easy and leisurely business lunch or outing with the girls.  The market downstairs is great for takeout and a great selection of bakery treats.
The food is always delicious and the quantity is filling. The servers are very helpful and definitely work as a team. It's only breakfast and lunch so it's always busy I recommend getting here early
I only come here to see the football games. The food is over price the service is slow the food takes forever to come out. I dont see this place staying open for too long.
I don't understand why there is always a crowd. The whole wheat pizza crust was soggy and tasteless. The gluten free pizza, well, don't even bother to order it.   The only bright spot was my son's grilled chicken sandwich. We won't be going back any time soon.
Just picked up my ring and there jeweler do a FANTASTIC job!
Disappointed with food service at pool. Took 2 hours and food was cold. Also very slow service at The Grotto. Wait staff didn't check back. I think the hotel is seriously understaffed. Also coffee in the room was $10 for 4 k cups!
No reason to waste a meal here if you're visiting Montreal for a few days. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't all that good. The place was filled with tourists (myself included) and the service was understandably indifferent. Felt like a wasted 2 hours.
I like the hole-in-the-wall bar feel, but this place was a little too intense for me.  Plus, it's not in the greatest of neighborhoods.  Honestly, I would recommend going somewhere else.
One of my very favorite places to shop!! Especially for gifts (and gifts for myself-wink wink) Andrea is so friendly, helpful, and  sweet...She likes to keep the store updated with the newest trends. This store carries unique items that my friends and family love to get as gifts.    Keep up the good work Magnolia Lane :)
This place is one of my favorites. Huge pizza slices for only 3 dollars. Melts like butter in your mouth, the crust is amazing! Asu students get discounts.
Great place for authentic Vietnamese food. You can tell if the restaurant is good base on the broth and their broth is good. The great part about this place is when you check in using yelp, they'll give you two free egg rolls. So don't forget to check in and show the server your phone.
Great service.  I left my phone in a cab and didn't know the name or number of the cab. They reviewed the security footage and tracked down the cab I was in.  Didn't get the phone back but they surely did all they could!\n\nPS - Amazing pools but drinks are expensive.
They would only take 36 off for the $40 yelp deal? Floor was sticky and food was standard. I would not go back nothing special.
Krell Financial cares about their clients. Corbin shops out the best insurance coverage through several A rated carriers in order to find the best coverage at the best price. Corbin truly has an in depth knowledge auto, home, and life insurance. I cant say enough good things about Krell Financial, they're amazing.
Supposedly they went thru a renovation.  I think they forgot the south tower.  The carpet is straight from the 50s and hasn't been updated (it's *very* tacky).  The bed was too hard to sleep on.  I won't be staying here again.
Gas attach, Big burrito's worth the $
Had gift certificates so figured, why not? Got the sampler, some beers, and some mashed potatoes. Nothing in the sampler was particularly good...and the mashed potatoes tasted like nothing other than undercooked potatoes.
Beautiful to sit on patio and watch the Bellagio fountains. Service great as was food. Wonderful place to enjoy the sights of the Strip.
Cute little store downtown. It has a lot of great things to look at, and can be the inspiration for a lot of new ideas to decorate your own place. A bit pricey, but some things are worth it.
Expensive, hipster, but I'll totally be there again. Anything to get out of Old Town & Mill once in awhile...
this company is a joke! if ur a local u get cheaper tickets just going through the company and they dont tell u the truth on how a show really is... i have better luck buying tickets off craigslist beware dont buy show tickets through them.. garbage!
pretty decent chinese food..had the garlic chicken combo plate and the fried dumplings.  Really enjoyed the dumplings and the chicken was pretty good.  I would  try them again.
Not bad. Don't like the pool but reasonable vacation packages for around $160 with a $100 spending hotel credit.
I tried this place for the first time yesterday.  I  loved the food and the environment!  This is the only real healthy food restaurant that I know of in Phoenix.  It was a great experience!
Me and my daughter went last night and the food was ok the service was different but what got me was they charged for drink refills !! Really?? It's not like its a cheap place to eat let's just say I won't be going back anytime soon maybe never
I love this place. Have been eating at this location for years. At least 25yrs. Love the berry blintz, nurses bialy, crepe egg choices and casa polencia. Can't go wrong with this menu. Everyday they have menu specials and daily flavored coffee.
Their burger and chicken sandwich are the BEST around.
Cute little Parc,well surrender by local businesses which is cool! I been there only once and had a great time at The Yelp Kazzoo Montreal Fringe Show.\n\nLooking forward to another opportunity to go there.
Great parties with good dance music once a month. If only they like... Gave you oxygen to breathe while you dance.
It's good but it's over rated for the price. I paid $60 with a friend and we're still hungry. That we didn't even have any beverage. I've been to Vancouver and this place is good except but not great. I'd give higher score if it is more reasonably priced
I've ordered carry out and delivery from Lucky Kitchen about 5 times now... Awesome food, with great service. They deliver quickly, and the driver's always polite. When we go in to pick up our order, the staff is friendly and the place is very clean.
You've got to do better than this to survive in Vegas!\n\nI expected much more from an establishment located in the Bellagio.\n\nI tried the pho and the niu ro mein here. Both were just okay...below average.
Amazing latte & cappuccino, friendly barista, funky and fun. Outdoor patio. Love this place! (Reasonable prices are a bonus.) Next time I'm in Montreal, I will be back.
I give this place a 2. Poor service. French onion soup gloppy mess. Salads drenched.  Extremely limited options for vegetarians.
I had boondas today: pizza with bacon. Really pretty good. The sauce was what made it stand out. And prices are pretty good, al least for the pick up special.
Good food! BBQ pulled pork sandwich was yummy, so was the wedge salad. Surprised it was so empty on a Sunday eve, but looked to be a fun bar for late night.
!
For the price I was expecting real food this was one of the worst buffets I have been to in Las Vegas no wonder our economy is slow
Ribs and chicken too dry!  Must be overcooked.\nDecent beers are overpriced.
Service takes forever!!! \n\nEither you need to be dishing out awesome tips to get attention or need to be a hot piece to get a bartender's attention. Just sayin' \n\nLive bands and dancing is amazing!
= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =\n\nHow sad that we have lost this nice Chinese Buffet with it's friendly staff & delicious food!     :-O
Will never be returning to Picazzos! My pizza had a hair in it and the mushrooms tasted slimy. The service was even worse! I wish they had better food because I live very close by. It seems like I'm not the only person who had bad service maybe they need to look at these reviews...
No vegetarian pho or bah mi sandwiches, which was unfortunate. The staff was nice and found something they could prepare.
This place is ridiculous! I placed a to go order and arrived when I was supposed to then waited for 15 mins in a small crowed waiting area just to pick up my order. They really need more help at the front during peak dinner hours. I will not be back
My go-to local independent pizza joint. I call it in, show up in 20 minutes and take home a great pie. Crust, sauce and cheese are solid with a decent selection of toppings. The crew is a good group. Leave 'em a tip.
This place is gross. The food was bland, not hot when brought out, super greesy and horrible service. Typical chinese restaurant.
I was definitely not impressed with the food here.  I went for dinner and had the yellow curry with tofu and vegetables.  The tofu was tough and the vegetables were mediocre.  For the price, definitely not worth it.  Saigon Nights or Totties is much better.  Don't waste your money here
How in the world is place rated so high?  Terrible food, guacamole was clearly not made fresh in house., slow service.  Only thing this place has going for it is its outside patio, which would be much better suited for a restaruant with decent food..
*************Now We Know How It Feels To Be Scalped**************\n\nAnyone who thought this was a great event ......... is a member of the Tribe.
Don't waste your time. The food was cold and tasteless. I was ignored at the \"fresh egg\" station,  while all the minorities were served because they spoke Spanish.
Needs to communicate better.
I had a tan tan noodle there. It was good. But I think that they are kind of on the price side. I never been in the noodle store that you have to pay extra for every single ingredient they added in there when you already paid almost $10 fo a bowl of noodle.
These people rip you off. They have just been indicted for it. Drugs, prostitution and thousands of dollars overcharge on credit transactions. Avoid this scam of a company at all costs.  See chanel 3 news report dated 13 Dec 2012
Cool burger joint w a very nice staff with a rocker vibe. I've had the fries pickles, the ding-dong style chicken sandwich and the white trash burger all recompense by the staff and they were all great! Had some really good brews on tap for a cherry on top!
Good place with quick service.  My husband and I each ordered a bowl of ramen with two add-ons each, an appetizer and one beer and the bill was $28 which I thought was pretty decent. We will definitely come back but continue to seek out a better ramen house.
Have you tried their weekly, inexpensive, yummy breakfast specials?  $3 Mimosas.  $6 for two eggs, a spicy grilled italian sausage, home fries that had a little kick of something, marble rye and a waitress who kept the hot coffee coming.
God I wish they had one here in boring Tucson:( This place is the best thing EVER!!! The service at Tanzy was amazing. Our server was also fantastic!
Bojangles used to be some of the best chicken in Charlotte, well I see a lot have changed- JJ's Fish is much better
the best BBQ in town!
Fed up with this company. First time I boarded my dog here, his blanket was saturated with urine. The second time, they completely lost his blanket. Too sketchy. I no longer trust the owner & her staff. Not worth the $350 I gave them.
Bartender---Howard is cool, cocktails r great n the spot is super-chill.  The best hummus I have ever had, and it is free with check in!
Went to eat there this afternoon service was great food was good but I was in absolute shock by the way one of the managers was scolding the employees in the middle of the dining room..... I will not be back!
Doesn't look like much...being in a strip mall but the food is great. We arrived on a week night and there were plenty of seats. The service was good and the food was excellent. I ordered the chicken tacos and they were loaded with plenty of food. Real, authentic Mexican food and for the right price.
Almost thought I walking into Pipers Pub at first, and the place sure looks like just that. Stopped by on a Thursday evening and place was somewhat busy. We got served right away. They have a decent draft beer selection,  and the subs we had were alright. Service was good!
first time here and i was very pleased with it! the service is fantastic and the price point is right where it should be. ended up taking a date here and couldn't ask for anything more. oooo and check out the veal marsala. its fantastic!
Pretty basic Walgreens wtih all of your essentials.  The one thing worth noting is that they do sell alcohol at this location.  I know not all locations do, so that's something to keep in mind.
Great salads! The antipasto is my favorite, delicious every time. In fact I'm going to pick up one right now! That and the pepperoni roll, Mmmmm:)
Place is gourgous but you can't get a cheap drink anywhere.  Even the sports bar is upper crust.
Good food, good drinks. I have come here several times and I have not been disappointed. A little too pricey, but otherwise a safe choice. Good bloody mary.
Low quality, tasteless hot dog.  Definitely NOT worth the drive from East Mesa.
Great fast serve Mexican.  All made fresh.  Love the El Diablo breakfast burrito and their beef tacos.
Everything is good. Tacos, Enchiladas, and Mole =)
got my lashes done Thursday night and half of them have already fallen out, not too impressed with the work done here :( what a disappointment
The food is amazing! Our server, Julia, was exceptional! She took great pics of our group and was extremely personable. I love  lunch at this restaurant. It is my restaurant to take friends and family.
If you have celiac disease please do not order their gluten free dish!  They use the same deep fryer as for their gluten dishes!\n\nThis was really misleading, dangerous, and unfortunate.  I hope none of their clientele gets sick. :(
One of my best friends always talked about how this place and after finally trying it, I know why.  Hands down, the best fast food sandwich place around.  Subway, Quiznos... NO WAY, NO MORE.  We could eat here everyday!
Happy is great... good food, drink specials and the staff are nice!
Heavenly ice cream & unique toppings - the girl working there was super sweet & patient with my son - a little pricey but worth it !
Cheapest gas within 8 miles, right by my house. Aside from Indian school being a complete pain in the ass to turn on in the morning, it's great!
i came from san jose and i hear this place so good and i stop to fine out but supprire for me. very terrible for service take the long time for waiting list. the employees very discourteous. And the food is so bad.Price so expensive. nothing to remember this restaurant in my life.
Excellent food. Great service. Awesome tea & coffee.   'nough said.
Even if this restaurant is located in a mall, it has a good feel to it and is perfect if you gave kids. \nThe only bad part was that it was freezing and they could not control the AC since it us part of the mall control \nThe food was above my expectation!!
Clean and spacious. They have everything here. A great beer/wine selection (for a pharmacy), all the essentials and patio furniture. Seriously, everything.
Staff was great, drinks were good; very divey, but sometimes that's what we're looking for!
This restaurant is expensive with poor food and service. Not very clean and not very cool. \nThey ripped me off on the guacamole and the sour cream\n  Both were 5.00 offered with the dish, the up charge was not disclosed.
Jordans has been closed for 3-4 years now. Much to my dissapointment because I always enjoyed going here for lunch and getting their tostadas.\n\nRIP Jordans.
if I could give no stars for this location i would. staff never informed me I had a script for an emergency root canal. then when I switched dental offices they refused to fax over my X-rays to the new dental office. pick another place!!! save your time!
I give 5 stars for PT towers by wesrgate-Las Vegas because i didn't really have anyproblem when i stay 2 nights over there,room was very nice and clean,and i also love swiming pool,i really had a good time
Palm beach hours say they open at 8am. I showed up at 8:10am, salon was still closed. I understand people oversleep, etc but these are the people your trusting with your tanning experience. Low responsibility and reliability. I stayed until 8:40am and still no one was there.
I am a fan of Mongolian grills but this one creeps me out a little by not cleaning the grill between customers. They also wipe the seats and tables with the same towels. They don't seem to observe the same rules we're all taught.
Not a fan.  The hills are too high to walk around property unless on a work out.  The service at the top was horrible.  The view is incredible.  The rooms were just ok.  Would never go back.
Awful, Rude, Cold Food, Expensive, Never ever ever go to this Awful place
What's the hype???\n\nThe burgers are all right fries are okay but what gave this place my third star is that the mint shake is probably the best shake I ever had. NUff said
Great food and service. Modern and urban decor sure to please the young profesional crowd. Beef tartare and salmon were a treat!!\n\nThe service was also excellent, very attentive yet discrete.
Best Italian food in the valley!
BBQ is done a few different ways and I know lots of people that really like this place but I am not one of them and would not go back.  It reminds me of the pit style BBQ they have in Alabama.  Nothing was really wrong I just don't like this style of BBQ.
Decided to visit because we had a buy-one-get-one-free coupon. I would like to say this place was okay, but considering that I have so many okay level reviews I have to put this one slightly less than average.
I have been bringing Lucky here to get groomed for 9yrs now, Jin the Owner is the best and by far the best groomer in Las Vegas/Henderson Lucky always looks Amazing!!! no lines, no red eyes from stress, truly the best
We came for Saturday brunch. The noise is deafening. Four screaming babies, one of them banging on the table. I'm not sure I can't blame the restaurant for rude parents, but people looking for a quiet brunch should be warned.
I love gambling here more than the strip! This place pays out more imo. And they have a pretty decent Buffet. :)
The host and ambience is nice, and the location is brilliant. But the servers do a very lousy job. Our server never showed up after serving us first round of drinks.
Good modern atmosphere and delicious cupcakes.
Just a little slice of Heaven in a small donut shop! I went there today and they were selling donuts faster than they could make them. You don't go to a place like this for anything but DONUTS!!! Life wouldn't be so sweet without them.
The guy with the scrappy facial hair (the manager?) is rude and short with customers who aren't cool enough, and with employees--right in front of customers.  Coffee only okay.  Better places in walking distance.
I like the food and donuts, but and more importantly, I really like the people who run this place and the people who hang out there.
Seated fast and the service was solid.  We were a large group and it was just after 8am.  Went with the breakfast nacho plate along with my friend.  Everyone in the group seemed to enjoy eating our dishes more than their own.  Some did not even finish what they ordered....soda was flat 4 out of 4 glasses too.
Yummy bread and amazing pasta dishes!!  Servers were very helpful and gave great recommendations!  The prix fixe dinner menu had great choices and includes a glass of wine  :-)  Can't wait to go back and try another delicious meal.
Our family gathers here about once a month...there are about 20 of us! As a matter of fact, you can see our faces posted on their wall. The Milano and Florentine pizza's can't be beat. Always friendly service and amazing food!
Not a great place for large groups. Went with my brother and his family, 10 of us total. It took TWO HOURS for sandwiches and ice cream. It used to be a great place.
This climbing is amazing! All of the routes feel like they could be competition problems. Great setting and staff! I would definitely recommend this facility to anyone and everyone!
Truly one of my favorites, cheap and perfectly flavored, its always busy so you know its good, the combo with a couple extra meatballs, is a home run.   Add  Hot sauce and some other combos on the table..whalla...Fah  as in PHANTASTIC!
Chain reaction due to flight delays.  Our room (that we reserved) was given away.  We were put up in a temp room for one night.  Then we got stuck in a garage elevator.  To top it off, the hotel layout was confusing.
Quite a delicious all beef hot dog. I got mine with ketchup, cheese, and hot sauce. I heard the White Hot is the thing to get.
Amazing!  Best italian ice i've ever tried.  We were first introduced to it in CA and found out there was one here in Tempe!  Wonderful customer service and a super cool atmosphere.  Met the owner tonight, what a neat guy!  Thanks for the great quality product, loved it!
Awful does not begin to describe this clip joint.  Awful service and the food was about on par with a Dennys.  Somehow this place has managed to stay in business. I'll never be back again.  If you want good Italian in Vegas skip this place.
I don't really care for Gamestop... They are very over-priced and the lack of useful employees is very disappointing.  They offer very little in-store credit for trades and their shelves are always a mess.
What a cute little place. That's all I remember. The food was OK. They don't have coffee. I was there for brunch. Ya.
Over priced. Too much room. I'd rather go to tokyo discount.
I can always find what I need, the staff is helpful and it is close! It is advertised as a \"quick & easy\" store so it is limited. Guess some feel that is different then an \"express store\" but I found it to be a great find for the area. Awesome sales!
The thin crust pizza is the best weve ever had!  You just have to try it.  I had a favorite but this ones beats it.
Fantastic vet.  Very caring staff and doctors.  Nice location.  Clean.  Highly recommend.
they have breakfast at this location in the gold coast!\n\ni had the western omelette's and hash browns and wheat toast! it was delicious and under $10.00!\n\ni will come back
They do a pretty good job, but honestly, the blond woman who i believes owns the place is pretty rude and not very friendly. Next time I plan to drive a bit farther and go to Cobblestone which actually is a little cheaper anyway.
Only thing I ever get here is the #17. The food is decent for what it is and the cookies rock.\n\nThe bad part is that they have had my order wrong at least 3 times. They need to train before putting them on the line, sucks to get 6 miles back to work and have the wrong order.
Great place to hang out and have a good draft beer. Bartenders are friendly and good-looking--Ryan is my favorite. Not because I'm attracted to him though. \nBig enough to accommodate a large group and the food is decent too. Check it out.
Love this place! The train is awesome! Feeding the ducks is fun! Great play ground area! The merry-go-round is fun!  Great place to take your little ones!
i really wanted to love this place but i gotta say it wasnt as great as some people pump it up to be .....dont get me wrong the food was good but not mind blowing
Food is 4 stars, service restaurant 4, bar is 2.  Bartender is kind to locals, not south to the casual visitor.  Marten is best beer, wings are really good, specials keep it interesting, but food is wayyyyyyy overpriced.
This is the only comic shop I like going to. The management there is cool and treat me with respect.  I like their comic and t shirt selection there. I probably stop in every few weeks plus I like that its near the library.
Travel a lot. I rank this Mexican restaurant near the bottom. Had the enchiladas. Covered with way to much crap. The mole sauce tasted like chocolate syrup. My wife had the seafood quesadilla it was bland made with imitation seafood. The only good thing was the waiter.
Seafood Tower!
Too Good\uff01\uff01 the lady herself do all the cooking, but it tastes like home.  The Japche is Better than all the other big Korean restaurant I have ever eaten' h
The place is good to take family and friends who want something a little different in the Venetian. It's over-priced, but what place isn't at the Strip. The food is good, but it's nothing to rave about. I had a salad, which was excellent, but it wasn't unique or excellent.
this dry cleaners does fabulous work. Leslie delivers exactly what she promises. I also appreciate that she is communicative and realistic about the services offered. I was bringing in several dresses that were not exactly easy to clean... but Leslie managed it. Everything was as promised and went as planned. Thanks!
Great little shop.  The br\u00f6tchen, pretzels, and light rye bread took me back to my years in Germany.  The macaroons are excellent.  The strudel are tasty, although they remind me of American-style danish.
Nice dealers at the craps table and for blackjack. The casino is clean and doesn't drown you in a sea of cigerette smoke. But once inside, it's sometimes difficult to find your way out. Sad thing was, I was completely disoriented and I was completely sober. Hmm...
First time here. Everything was delish! They even gave us sour dough bread and a decadent dessert. The iced tea was probably the best ice had anywhere, which may sound silly, but if a restaurant can't do the simple things well, why try anything else. This place does it all right.
Went here for Valentine's dinner. All the food we got was amazing but the food was HORRENDOUS. We waited more than 15 minutes for each drink and the waiter kept recommending things they didn't have. Terrible experience. They apologized 50 times but did nothing to make it right.
The only meat I eat is chicken & since the waitress came to the table and said the chicken tacos were \"disgusting\" all I ordered was chips & salsa. My cousin ordered fish tacos and she loved them. The place is nice & there's outside seating. Our waitress sucks..
I had 2 options for water a tiny 6 oz cup (yeah right) or pay full price (cost of pop) for a glass of water. Customer service is lost on the managers here. These are the basics and I'm tired of it.
This I one of the best and most beautiful hotels and casinos here in Vegas. The architecture and the style is amazing. The Bellagio better look out! The Aria's fountains do rival the water shows at the Bellagio! Absolutely stunning and a well thought out layout make the Aria a true gem!
The absolute best chicken wings I have had in years.  Other than that, pretty pedestrian.  Considering the price, I cannot give it more than 3 stars; and even that is sketchy.
This is a great alternative to the chain restaurants near the Harkins 101. The have a nice outdoor patio, goods wine list, delicious pizza and salads and charming staff. Great spot for a casual meal before or after a film. I went there on my own when my husband was away and felt very comfortable dining alone.
Very good Mexican food in Phoenix, the salsa has black olives in it!\nThe margaritas are very good\nNice ambiance and a friendly wait staff
Hyatt did make it right.  Crazy, busy holiday stay. I would stay again.
I had an emergency and these good folks were wonderful. They stayed after-hours to treat me. The staff couldn't have been more wonderful and Dr. Scott Manthai gave me great care and follow-up. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
Closed!!!
Yelpers got it right again!\n\nI called on a MON afternoon, and had an appointment for the next day.  Tech was professional, hardworking, and fixed the problem.\n\nNice family-owned business with great service and good prices!
I love it here food is always good never disappointed, clean, never had a bad experience
Pizza was mediocre, took 45 minutes 4 delivery even though it's literally around the corner & the delivery person wud very scattered.
I visited Dieu du Ciel for an afternoon game during the playoffs. This is a great pub in one of Montreal's best neighbourhoods. Service was good considering the playoffs, beer was great, 4 stars only because the food wasn't anything special. Very fun place to watch the Habs win!
Shauna is a great massage therapist! Experienced and really knows her stuff. There are a lot of massage therapists out there but few who really know what they are doing. I highly recommend Hands on Healing, you will not be disappointed!!
I stopped here for my first time and ordered a mocha. It tasted like pencil shavings and was over priced. I recommend going anywhere else for mochas. The worst coffee shop I have ever been in. The week old decaf at Circle K tastes better.
came here with my mom for my yearly smoked meat sandwich (visiting the parents, from san francisco, for the holidays). altogether, it did the job and satisfied my craving, but i've had better smoked meat.
I really wanted to give 4 1/2 stars.  We've been there twice and it seemed so close to the perfect experience.  The food is outstanding.  The ambiance upstairs is warm and cosmopolitan, downstairs is meh. Cr\u00e8me br\u00fbl\u00e9e is exceptional.
There is a reason why there is always at least a 30 min wait every time I come here...  The Red Velvet pancakes live up to the hype with a cream cheese icing on top.  A half-stack will satisfy you while at the restaurant, but get a full stack so you have something to munch on when you get home!
I've loved my food the few times I've ordered from here.  I was pleasantly surprised.
Very friendly staff, great rooms, nice reastaurnt, and nice bar.  Highly recommend staying here.
Oh my God, this show is spectacular!  You pretty much have to go see it...if you have the money, that is...it's pretty pricey, but oh so worth it.
This place is top of the line! I was a Dr. Adashek patient and he was AMAZING. His staff is wonderful, always willing to go the extra step to help a patient out. Charlene and Estela are amazing nurses! I have nothing but praise for this practice!
Don't mess with entering off of Fairview or Sharon. Park in the back. Much easier in and out.
Ordered a pizza and wings, besides the crust being rock hard and the pizza tasting flat the service was good but not all can make it on good service. The prices are high especially on the wings and really not worth it. IMHO Dominos and PH have a much better tasting pizza.
Tandoori chicken and chicken madras is really good!
Interesting menu. The wine was pretty affordable, the food was on the pricey side. I had the quinoa salad and pork tenderloin and grits. Both were excellent. Service was friendly.
Awesome environment! Great patio with fireplace burning pecan wood that just sets the mood perfectly! Delicious foods and great service!! Mam of many words keeps it brief.
Great bartenders and drinks! The pizza was okay, but nothing special. The owner wasn't welcoming at all and rather rude.
Cool fruit arrangements..but the prices are a little to high
The food was horrible. Ate there for NYE and it was a huge letdown. The spaghetti squash was entirely too buttery. The service was solo very slow! Will not go back here.
Went back again this last trip to Vegas both Saturday and Sunday.  All I can say is WOW. Complete debauchery.  Screw Rehab, I'll bare it all at Bare ANY day. See my \"censored\" pics
The ruddiest bartenders you will ever encounter. I asked for a recommendation for a drink the pregnant bartender said \"no\" and walked away.
Cupcake and Ice cream, yes please what more can a girl ask for. Tried the lemon and coconut cupcake with a side of vanilla bean ice cream. Delicious.!! I might have to stop by after dinner to get some more dessert.
This is such a cool restaurant!  First time here and the food was so good!  The service and the waitress we had was great too!  I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone!  So cool to Be at too
There are things that i hate, and there are things that i hate the most! Standing in line for one rep to pick up a package while 4 more are free but only \"sending out\", just wanna make u scream \"how the hell did u make it this far????\"
This is a great place to get some beauty supplies at a decent price.  I love the Beyond the Zone Flat Iron Protection.  It makes my hair silky smooth and shiny after I flat iron it.  Great value.
It was pretty good. We had the calamari which was excellent. I had the fettuccine with shrimp, it was good.
Little joint with Hawaiian decor, good music, and stiff margaritas. We had great service and the sweet potato tots were good. Burgers and fries were fine, but peppery.
Bad service! Food was not even mediocre! This placed rocked years ago, yet has gone downhill pretty hard! Really sad!
The pizza is great, definetly  great price and no delivery charge for my area, much better than Pizza Hut across the street will order again, I got a large pepperoni with mushroom. Yummy
I liked it. Came with my kids. All that i expected from a place like this. Good food.
We like conveyor sushi because it is entertaining for our kids and encourages them to try new things.  This was a pleasant surprise because the quality of the food was high and the prices were still relatively low for North Scottsdale sushi.\n\nThe kids loved the interesting bathrooms!
Maybe I went on a bad day, but the food was alright.  I ordered the wings and it was alright and we ordered the brisket, but it was absolutely dry.  We had to buy the lean one (which might be why it was dry), but the fatty one was out.  Until next time!
My first time flying American..even though my friend warned me against it.  My gate changed 2 times and was delayed 3 times..don't know if I'll make my connection now!
always good and quick
Great service, and knowledge.  Prices decent.  No pressure, wound up buying two guns.  Recommend!
I love this place, who eats a hot dog in fry bread.   You will if you go to Indian Village.   Great tacos, fry bread and burritos.   Stop at the Circle K next door and get a sixy of your favorites to enjoy with the best mexican food in Cave Creek.
I always bring my shoes here to get shined and they do a great job , most of the time they do it while I wait , or if they are busy they will usually get the shoes back the same day , on top of that they are very knowledgable and have great customer service ... I highly recommend this place for your shoe repair needs
The coffee is good stuff, if overpriced. I guess we have come to expect that, but the bathroomss in this place are horrendous. You can get some type of disease  unheard of before in the men's bathroom. Very disappointing. They can do much better.
I'm .2 miles away from them, just on the other side of the freeway and they refused a delivery. Just take the delivery sign off your window!!!!
Came here for breakfast with the intention of staying a few hours to study.  I had an omelette which was okay, but the  waiters kept coming by to see if I was okay after I had finished their food and was studying...even though there was hardly anyone else there.
What a let down! Pizza was 15min late from the 40-45m pickup wait, staff was blah, and when I got home to try the pizza... Totally let down... And ps - the angry crayon written signs all over the place are soooo tacky.
ELVIS!!! well the slot machines. i love this place. their machines pay out coins. you can put coins in them as well. i love the sound of cashing out and hearing the coins. they have raffles every half hour.i always have a great time here.
Luke warm chai tea. Nothing special. Its like drinking steamed milk. Starbucks' is much better for the same price.
Tried Journey again today and thought it was fantastic: food and service were great! Tried some new Sushi that I've never seen before, which was delicious.  Non Sushi food was also hot and wonderful. They offer a huge variety of items and it was busy but not too busy for good service.
Good pizza and i love the breadsticks...i don't know too much else about this place
Kind of confusing on the inside, some of the rooms are bland, some are quite unique.
Wasn't overly impressed by lunch here. Sushi was ok but service was ok at best and they kept the place freezing cold. I've had better... Won't likely return to this restaurant.
Cozy, fun, not too loud. A very friendly and knowledgeable barkeep who could identify and critique each beer and wine. Literally dozens of beers and wines for the picking. Happy hour was especially enjoyable with $3 beers And $5 wines. Great find!
This place sucks now. I think they are under new management, because the sushi just isn't the same. My friend got really bad food poisoning here too.
Bold flavors but terrible execution. The gnocchi were like little lead bombs and the fish had been cooked so long it was unrecognizable.
I went here for the open mic last night (Friday).  Everyone was super nice and friendly.  Down to earth very talented musicians vibe!!!
Feeeeh.\n\nThe flavors here taste too artificial for my liking. Location is good. Seating is meant to be unpleasant to make you leave asap.\n\nPass
Just had the worst customer service from the management at the  Chilis on Camelback and 20th st. As a long time former employee of the company, I'm even more appalled! Sad day :(
The service from everyone else, except our server Eileen was great. Food was ok. The prices semm to be much higher at this location, than off-strip locations.
My wife and I grabbed lattes to go.  They were great!
Goodmornin burger was dry, chips have no flavor, I'm not sure how the service was. We didn't get any. Then they tried to add other tables meals on our checks. Never again.
Parsnip, asparagus, kale, melon salad w salmon; delicious!  A wonderful treat after a morning walking in the gardens.
I picked the wrong time and day to come today I been in line for about 30 min now ugh
they will ship over 75 up to 150lbs .... most employees there are there to help u the coustomer
So good I ate there twice on my last Vegas visit!  The burgers are excellent and the adult shakes are killer.  Not the easiest to get to location, but worth it once there.
I love their menu!  The garlic mashed potatoes-amazing!  Steak-melts in  your mouth!  Service - great!  Big fan of Applebee's!
Yikes. Wings were not good at all. Pizza was ok. They have a guy playing the guitar, he was pretty good. Beer was good ;). \nNext time: make own pizza, grill some wings, drink some water.
This was fun . Felt like I was back in New York , Almost yeld for A Taxi , Then realized it was still mesa .I liked it alot .Very clean and organized .Best of luck in the new year .
awesome!
Worst food I ever had!!! Would rather eat food outta the garbage than come eat at this culinary disaster of a restaurant
Ew. There's always a blonde girl working in the kitchen with her hair down and I found a piece of hair in my food. I'm sorry but that's just gross. Also there was flies everywhere. The place has potential but needs to work on a few things
Bomb ass food not out of our budget. I love the fact that it's a little hole in the wall :)
Good Daal, Tandoori Butter Chicken.
Upper scale casino, expensive, disney-esque setup.\n\nI was not enjoying the food at the highly acclaimed Bruchon.
I miss the ciabatta bun burger that had that awesome sauce. Please bring it back.
Food was ok but service was not. Had to wait almost 10 minutes for someone to come take our order, even thou d restaurant was empty, only my family and one other couple in d restaurant. Once food was ordered, it took 30 mins for dinner and no one since came to check on us. They definitely need customer service update.
I just had a beer and salad for quick bite. Ate at the bar - bartender was friendly. The menu looked pretty good but I just had the salad before going to a bigger dinner.  It was a basic green salad with very sweet tomatoes - very fresh and tasty. I will be back to try some other items.
I love it!!!\nClean and great service.\nFood delicious and very fast service\nI ordered cal do de res it was delicious!!
This place have everything \n\nSo good
live music! crowd in the 40ies plus, but fun and great piano players, reminds me of howl at the moon.
A 12 dollar burrito filled with very chewy steak? Nah, I'm not coming back.
This trader joes is awesome!! Its not that much larger than the others but I feel like this particular one has more of a selection of items then the others do. Clean as all trader joes usually are. Staff was very friendly and helpful. It was very busy but I guess its no surprise as this trader joes is a great one!
Wonderful experience eating outside on the upper outside terrace but the food was run of the mill Mexican at best. Skip this one.
And it's still CLOSED DOWN!\n\nIn fact it's so closed that a Polish restaurant is in that place now
It's not the most convenient, but every trip I take down here, I like to hop on it at least once and ride to the end and back to see what's new that's not directly on the strip. You get a good view, and can sit with your feet up for a few and check things out.
It's certainly a start and is convenient for getting around to some places, but it really ought to go all the way to the airport.  Also, considering the short distance of travel, $5 is quite a lot.
Solid crepes, but not much selection on the menu. Definitely overpriced.\n\nNutella crepe is the best (without the bananas). Yum!
SLOW last 2 times I have been here. Today was 50 minute wait and last time was 55 minutes. It seems the problem is before the wash because not many cars in line after the wash but way backed up before the wash.
Either eat before you come or bring your own. This ballpark still doesn't have good food. I can't wait until they have decent food like other ballparks around the league.
I love what they have done with the place post Oregano's. The patio is fantastic and the bar area is dark and intimate and perfect for conversation. I tried the beer brat with sauerkraut - simple and amazing! I didn't get to try one of the dozens of German and Belgian beers on tap this time.
this is the BEST jewish deli in the whole world!
yep - closed...sad.
Great food, great bar staff, great managment. Wednesday I went in for a drink after work and found out that not only was the wine half price but the bar bites where as well. Had a couple of drinks and some great food for under 20 dollars. The turkey burger slidders the best I ever had. I will definitely be back.
Second visit to Vegas, and this is the first place we went back to.  It's awesome!  Must try the VAMPIRO, a tostada with cheese and special salsa. Love this place.
Always beautiful. I've seen big bumble bees, ferris wheels, greenhouses, birds, Chinese new years lanterns, huge pumpkins, and everything in between. I think my favorite seasons are usually fall and spring, but the summer and winter displays have all been equally great.
Im not a real big shopper at DSW but I did find some super awesome boots I saw on pinterest for $100. They also give out military discounts. They have a great selection to choose from!
Good food, ok service. Nice spot for tourists with open air entertainers but not conducive for business meeting unless seated inside.
So we were driving though Glendale on our way to the Grand Canyon. We wanted to eat something that wasn't deep fired and this place was very refreshing. The sushi was  fresh and tasty the workers were super nice to me and my kids!!  we also enjoyed the price very affordable.
Excellent late night food. Nice atmosphere. Friendly, attentive service.
Friendly staff but not very fast. Left pondering the use of the word \"urgent.\" There were only a two patients ahead of us but our visit still took more than an hour.
Went to Beauty's based on the other reviews. But I would say it's just a typical diner, nothing too exciting. It was fine, but not sure if I would say it's a must visit if you're in Montreal. It's just average.
My family and I have been waiting for our food... 30mins! And there's only one other table- hate this place!
When we heard that Mundo had another more causal restaurant we were immediately interested. Great place to hangout before first Friday or before a night out in the town. \nThere's really nothing we haven't liked. Everything is delicious. Drinks are delicious as well.
I heard about this place from my Arab friends and they suggested their lamb shank over Kuzzi rice. The rice was kinda watery and over cooked. Service was all right, and the place looked nice and neat. Their green hot sauce was very tasty! Their lemonade is homemade which tasted good.
Pool party that won't let us splash? Get in trouble for raging too hard? The venue is really nice but I'm here to party and get wild, not lounge around listening to music. If I wanted to do that I would be at the hotel pool
I consider myself somewhat of a buffet aficionado, and Pacific Seafood Buffet is definitely one of the best I've ever eaten at. They have everything from sushi to delicious Korean BBQ style spare ribs, and even some more unusual dishes like tripe and frog legs, but everything is very good.
Tony made me feel comfortable . Nothing but a great massage.  I hate when you go for a massage to be hounded on product. I tend to be very tense and I left  relaxed and pain free.  Easy to make an appointment online. Great value. You can't go wrong with Tony. I will return.
Pretty diverse group of people.  Drink specials were really affordable and non-special drinks were affordable too.\n\nI went on a karaoke evening and it was a drunk mess....which is great.  \n\nNot my #1 choice of gay bar in Phoenix, but on the list.
The servers had major attitude when asking where the restroom was. Our server assumed we were young and not going to drink or tip. His attitude changes once he realized we were all in our 30's.  Appt were good other then that just ok.
Excellent body shop. \n\nEveryone was very helpful, from the receptionist to the estimator and the mechanics. They came in under the initial cost estimate and in only a week.\n\nQuality work and a free car wash, I would recommend them to anyone needing body work.
While the food was ok, our rating is driven by the wonderful service provided by Margaret.
Staff needs to understand there boundary for delivery. One person will deliver and next person say they can't deliver. Very frustrating.
Disgusting and over priced. I should've known when I walked in and saw how dirty the floors were. Don't waste your money!
Perfect decor and atmosphere.\nHad the special of the day : cuisse de canard confit with mushroom risotto.\nSimple and delicious.\nWith a nice belgian beer, what a way to warm up from a cold winter day and finish the week.
Comfy and tasty! Lovely place. Awesome location.
Awesome place!! Loved the Rojo lounge bar and the tall bartender with the great rack. Speaking of rack they even have a pool table in this bar and no stupid gambling machines!  And the drink prices are cheap compared to everywhere else we went!
Ordered off of grubhub last night. I ordered a pepperoni pizza with half ranch crust and half butter/cheese crust and the Italian sub. Both were delicious, especially the Italian sub was absolutely fantastic, I will definitely be ordering from here again.
I'm a sucker for nostalgia so I really dig the tiki theme. I have been here several times and the food is consistently good. A place like this should have good Mai Tais...and they do! Parking is rough.
The prime rib is out of this world, that and a Margarita and I'm in heaven.
Margaritas suck, but it is an entertaining place. you can do better in vegas.
POKE IS AWESOME HERE!!\nWhat are you waiting for?? Go now!
Great bagels! Not the best atmosphere but good coffee and bagels. Fair prices, friendly staff... I will definitely go there more often.
I have brought multiple cars to Ron with all sorts of problems. He is fair, honest, and compassionate in his business. He does his best to SAVE ME MONEY whenever he can. I love this guy. Seriously - I made him cookies.
Most the time its pretty good but this last time I had to ditch the burger as the guy at the grill was sweating profusely. I could see him dripping from the drive-thru. F'N Gross !
I love this place. It is a relaxing space to relieve stress and tense muscles. I feel so much lighter whenever I leave !!\n\nI definitely recommend trying it out and make sure to buy the groupon that's available!!!
One of the better Mexican restaurants in North Scottsdale - top notch service and ingredients. This feels more legit than places with chilies and oversize parrots hanging from neon-colored stucco walls. I strongly suggest you try their house Guacamole!!!
Everything is good except that they need more cab lines. 19 may seem like a lot but apparently it's not enough.
A small treasure of Charlotte. Convenience store with a small bar with cool clientele and a great beer selection. Good stuff.
We got two plates of the \"chef's choice\" and they were all terrible! Most of them sweet and had nothing to do with sushi. They dropped the ball. Worst sushi I have ever had!
This is some of the best pizza I've ever eaten! Truly amazing! ! I tried the bbq chicken and the jerk chicken...both were excellent! ! Service was pretty good too.
This place is not as great as the reviews that led me here lead me to believe. The sushi was not fresh at all!! And for the prices they charge it is a crying shame. I will not be coming here again that's for sure
Unorganized from the beginning. Waiter outside was in a bad mood. New waiter was helpful. Food is good but takes too long to arrive. Waited 45 min just to get our check. Definitely not coming back..
Pizza was just some thing awful...$12 for a slice, a bland side and a soda... no thanks just go to ballys and get dollar chicken tacos.
Tourist paradise. Sometimes you just need an alcoholic slush in a cheesy cup. Prices are expensive, but what do you expect for this location. \n\nWorth a visits and they have lots of fun drink cups to choose from.
I wasn't blown away by the pulled pork, probably because it was cold when it came out. The fried okra was piping hot, though. On the plus side, the vinegar sauce was tasty and Bud the bartender was super nice.
Muy bueno pollo y carne!
The food was ok. The overall service and store cleanliness was lacking. They could do some major customer service improvements to lift the overall guest experience.
Great school. My son loves it here and \nexcels.
I'm not a fan of this walgreens for a few simple reasons. There is always a line at checkout, the store closes at 10pm, and that screws me because the redbox machine is inside.
The food was average and everything is overpriced. My friend and I were playing video poker the whole time yet only 1 drink was comped. Kinda disappointed because I was hoping to find a good hole-in-the-wall Mexican joint with video poker.
I walk in the store saw employee talking to a customer them he pick up phone totally disrespecful stay AWAY from The three payasos. customer walk way with no commment.
Good happy hour, but the food is lacking and expensive.
Came here with a person with Celiac disease. Everything is gluten free. The coleslaw is hearty and interesting . The iced tea is strong. The ribs are perfect. Service is slow, but staff is charming.  Worth the wait! Highly recommend.
We really like the pizza.  We brought my father for dinner and he said this was the best pizza he'd ever had: my father is 96-years-old.  That says it all :-)
This store is very quiet....quite small if you ask me....there is limited selection in several items....other then that it's a typical office max
Voice mail has been non-functioning for almost one full week. There has been no email communication to this effect as I only learned of the problem from people trying to leave messages. Cox did not issue any credit for this until I called .\nTerrible customer service and I am canceling phone service with them as soon as someone answers
Super tiny store and the few items that had prices on them were expensive. Why no prices on everything? How do you even compete with online stores or Freddie's slightly bigger selection across the street? Don't see myself hitting this place up again.
as good as it gets for the dennys ihave been to in nevada super nice if you think they are bad go to the dennys on sahara and see what bad customer service is!
Pizza is bland and too pricey considering you have bake it yourself. Much better choices nearby.
Really enjoyed the experience! Would have loved more air time but I get it....Staff was great - very upbeat, friendly and enthusiastic. Hot instructor (Nick) didn't hurt! Definitely recommend and would go back again in a heart beat
can't say enough good things about them! very reasonable prices, friendly staffs, no waiting and they always text to confirm appointment with you. Jenny is absolutely amazing! i always leave happy w how my lashes look n they last for at least 5 weeks before i need to see her again for a fill.
What do I have to say about Starbucks? You know who they are, you know what they serve and you can basically expect the same great service throughout the valley. It's Starbucks.
They have been open for many many months now, why the hell don't they have a website with pictures of thre place and menu with prices? You'd think this would be a priority to help future and potential clients? The local Outback has a website up....LOLOL
I have lunch here nearly every Tuesday. The staff are always friendly and Einsteins always has good food. It's a great place to meet people and talk. The patio is great, except in really hot or humid weather, which doesn't happen often (gotta love AZ weather!).
There are so many good reviews here that I almost feel I was in a different eatery. Perhaps I need to give it another chance, yet, I found it average in every respect so I doubt I will return.
Bring your own, great decor and atmosphere. Food is typically better than average Thai restaurants! Definitely worth a visit :)
Told my wife 20 mins for a polish change. 35 mins later, still sitting here, running late for my Spring Training game. Unprofessional and uncool.
Great selection of luggage and travel accessories.  Salespeople  good product knowledge and very helpful.
Not in the best neighborhood but it would be worth risking your life for this stuff.
What a boring show. One gigantic clich\u00e9. Great for the grand parents though.
I cannot, for the life of me, comprehend how or why this place consistently has one of the longest lines to get in damn near every weekend. It's a pool hall, and an average one at best...where's the attraction?!? It's usually cramped and uncomfortable, drinks were average, and the music sucked.
I give this location four stars for the most improved.  Having gone from a eatery who only employed rude young adults, the customer service has greatly improved.  The food has always been well prepared by a very professional kitchen staff and the price is reasonable for what you get.
too sweet for me
Wow, incredible banana and pecan French toast, so light and fluffy. Only order the half order though, it's too sweet to eat the whole thing!
Definitly enjoy the pad-thai, very delicious food.
Only Studio 54 in name. The theme is lost. So sad.\n\nThe bartender was abrupt and impersonal. It wasn't even crowded. \n\nSmall club but it has a decent sized dance floor. Nothing glamorous and it was dark. Not the Studio 54 I expected.
Nice owners and good tasting food. The prices are very reasonable, and the service is speedy. Comes highly recommended.
Mac King is a great entertainer. The show was family-friendly (I wouldn't be embarrassed to bring my mom) but very, very funny. Don't worry, there is no cheese in sight.
Not my favorite place in Vegas... Kinda reminded me of a Best Western type hotel. Did not have that Vegas \"wow\" factor. Will not be staying here again...
Not bad. Not the greatest.
I visited this museum in 8/04.  It's small, but very interesting and informative.
So retardedly slow I had time to post this review. Three people working, 6 customers in line twenty minutes 3rd up
It's a divey little bar in a sketchy part of town and for what I this better than most.\nKaraoke Wednesdays\n$1,50 beers during NFL
Great pizza.  Great drink specials.  Spinato's uses local olive oil from Queen Creek for one of their pizzas.  Makes it extra special.  Good for families.  Good for friends.
I really like this place. I go there almost every weekend with my mom and sisters. The staff is always friendly and the wait is never too long even though it's usually pretty busy.
One of my favorite spot to watch the NBA playoffs.  I always chill here with friends watching basketball or football.  Definitely pay a visit here every time I'm in town.\n\nOhh yah and if you get a chance to stay here do it cause the rooms are hella nice.
Wavering between nasty and below average throughout. Not being facetious- my waiter may have been on Meth. My friend got a salad with Parmesan crusted chicken (aka fried chicken) and was pleased. Moral of the story- get something they can't mess up = fried or a salad :)
Very good breakfasts and very friendly service.  An almost every weekend visit from our family.
This place is good. Great choices for sandwiches and soups and a perfect place for a quick meal in Vegas. Came here many times and it has saved me. If you're looking for a good meal, this is the place to be.\n\nHowever, if you're looking for a divine experience, maybe not so.
Incredible food and great overall experience.
This place is fun to go shoot free pool and watch football and they have great pizza and wings! However the wings do not come with ranch, carrots and or celery unless you pay extra. I think it would be nice to have the option to get them free with original order of wings like any other place I get wings at.
Stopped by for the chance to shoot some automatic weapons at zombie targets. It isn't cheap and there was a long wait, but it was worth it. Even the most novice shooter, or first time shooter, is made to feel comfortable. It is a very well controlled environment and the staff is very knowledgeable.
I had a Oreo cupcake and a tiramisu one. the cupcakes are good but more of a muffin consistency than a true cupcake . The cream on top is good, but I've definitely had fresher.
We tried to go there the night we flew in and this place was closed.
Has just reached \"never again\" status. The place is dangerously filthy and the service is worse.\nWe waited 30 minutes just to pay our bill.
Fails Fargo,  keep your cash in your mattress!
Still love it. Still a regular. But wanted to add that the food is AMAZING. I had the Power Rush the other day for breakfast. Delicious. Avocado, cheese, turkey. I actually might go get one today... Continuing my Rush love affair.
iced green tea... all year long!
No the place to go for a decent burger.  It was worse than \"Freddy's Steakburger\" in that it was cold, plastic and lacked a upscale burger feel.  For the price, I would go to Red Robin first.
Not really on the strip, that's too bad because it's pretty nice.\n\nI would say it's less classy/luxurious but very urban, rocker like. My friend told me about this great steak and eggs cafe they have for only $7.77, gotta check it out next time.
Great tacos and really cool scene! I travel to TX a lot, and thought these tacos were just as good (if not better) than what I seek out when I'm there.
The food was ok. The restraunt area was way to open. Chips and Salsa was really good the main meal not as much...
Best Meatballz location in the valley.
12/29/14 - attempted lunch there using a DoubleTake offer.  The business had a sign stating it was closed as of 12/28/14 & the nearest location is Concord, NC.  There was some guy waiting outside who also told us the placed was closed for good.
I do not like Garcia's pizza very much! From the outside the place looks cute and very inviting but once you go inside you will think differently! The pizza is nothing to talk about and I would suggest going somewhere else!
Beautiful store. Helpful and knowledgable staff. Tried a bunch of different models and juices, staff was patient and had lots of good information. Definitely going back.
I've been to several Brazilian Steakhouses in and out of the USA and this was definitely the best. The food and service are both amazing.
Wow. In town from LA and went with my brother, this is as good as my favorite Thai place in East Hollywood. Great value as well. Had great pad see ew, chicken satay and the cucumber salad-all great. My new go to restaurant when I am back in Madison
Went for dinner.  Starter was fairly good, but entree (Florentine Samalom) was over cooked.  Good service and misters allowed us to eat outside.
Nothing really to like here.  Low quality bar food.  Service and atmosphere to match.
The trails are not very well marked AT ALL and wind nearby (through?) the disc golf course.  It's easy to walk right through the path where the discs could be thrown.  Good luck identifying the \"walking\" trails and finding your way around.
I love doing hair and building my own brand along with such a good team. Come experience our culture and fall in love with our style.
Just had one of the worst restaurant experiences of my life here.  The server was incredibly rude and the hot pot was disgusting. Find another place!
The garlic chicken is awesome. And the pad Thai is about the best ever.  We checked out the reviews and was do happy we did.
The coffee was cold, the food was blah.  Nothing special and not worth the wait! The only thing that was to die for was the fried oreos--Amazing!
I met my husband at PTs after work tonight to have a drink and quick dinner. My food took so long we asked for the check before they brought it. Could not even get the the waitress to bring us another drink. Horrible service...will not go back!!!
Loved the cozy atmosphere. Drinks were good too. Was there last week and really had excellent waitress.
Best curry in Vegas. Hands down. Tastes just like CoCo's Curry in Japan, with a hint of spice thats just enough to give it flavor, but not so much that you're dying. Definitely my new curry spot!
Good food, good wine (selection and quality). The gnocci and beet salad are amazing. \n\nThat said, it is a bit pricey considering all the other fantastic options for delicious food around Montreal...
It was good,  your typical Greek-style restaurant offerings.  Nothing much more to write about.  if you've been to any decent Greek restaurant, you've \"been\" here.
Not entirely impressed with Golden Spoon...I've definitely had better yogurt and toppings. Plus I feel really gross after eating it - the reason this review is getting 2 stars instead of just 1 is they do give you a golden spoon to eat with, which I think is cute :)
We were so lucky to find Sugarhouse while staying on the Royal Mile. Not only were the prices reasonable, but the food was delicious and the staff friendly! We returned because it was so great. What a gem -- highly recommended.
This place had such a great atmosphere. The wine list had a really good selection to suite just about any taste. Their food was great too. I highly recommend trying their bruscetta, I never knew there could be so many ways to eat bruscetta!
I still find sonic only mildly appealing. \n\nThe burgers have zero flavor and are cold. The frys are crap, the tots are ok. \n\nThe hotdogs or I should say chili dog is good... and the drinks are good.
I'm never going to eat at this place again.  We usually come here every vegas trip but this last trip we found a cockroach in our calamari.  Totally disgusting.  \n\n****BEWARE****
nice people, friendly. lost my freq visitor card, and the guy took me at my word and hooked me up with a few stars so I wasnt behind too much. nice seating area, i only get basic froyo (tart) with some fruit, and im happy to keep coming back here
Best breakfast drive through I have ever been to. This place is not your fast food junk. Healthy food that competes with a sit down restaurant, but you don't need to get out of your car. Service has always been super!
Went for an event \"creatives & cocktails\" first the bouncer was such a joy, friendly, helpful and just made my night. Second the bar is small, but cool. Reminds me of a cool Los Angeles hip dive. Everyone was friendly and prompt, will come back.
We have visited Two Brothers three times so far, and the quality of their food, variety of choices and great service is consistently excellent at very fair prices.  I would strongly recommend this place if you are looking for a great place in the Anthem area for breakfast or lunch.
I love Brio! Great food ,great service, great prices in the beautiful Town Square center! During the week they have fabulous, large portioned appetizers for $2.95 or $3.95. I booked a large group and they placed us in our own private room without charging banquet prices!I highly recommend!
Some of the best tacos I have ever consumed. So authentic and tasty!
Love their double double burgers animal style and their animal fries.  Daughter loves the grilled cheese. Gotta try their lemonade too!
My first time at this place and it was awesome! The sandwich special for the month was a Shrimp Po'Boy with Voodoo kettle chips and had the perfect southern Cajun taste. Really like the $3 PBJ sandwiches they have, which they donate a new sandwich to the 'PBJ Project'!
Light Up Night.  Food has good flavor but doesn't look so hot.  If I hear about the Jackie O desert one more time I'm gonna barf.
Incredibly overpriced!!  No valet parking available... Horrible service at the bar!  Requested feather free room and all pillows were feather.  Called the front desk three times and waited 90 minutes before they were replaced.  Unless you get a rate less than $140 it isn't worth it!!
Newk's catering service is wonderful! Sally at the uptown location made it really easy for us.  I really appreciate all that they did to accomadate our odd requests. The food was wonderful and everyone seemed to enjoy it.
I went there for dinner last night on the recommendation of a friend.  It was cool.  The decor is the way you would imagine Las Vegas in the 1950's minus the cigarette smoke.  The service was average as was the food, but the experience was fun.  The guy singing was OK, but he added a lot to the atmosphere.
Turns out that \"spicy\" is a relative term. Be careful when ordering...\n\nGreat otherwise.
The food is great, fresh and delicious.  An authentic Indian Cuisine Restaurant with an unbelievable lunch buffet, the service is excellent and is priced reasonably.  This experience is worth the drive.
This station definately should be taken off of the air.  The only saving grace is the old songs that are not often enough played.  The girl singer all sound the same,  the music is boring and drab, and the pitch for  money is constant.  Would not recommend wasting your electricity on this radio station.
Rubbish.... If you like chips from a 20lb bag and salsa from a Pace jar, this is the place for you. Service was poor (couldn't crack a smile to save his life), the tacos were on par with a high school cafeteria. The beer was cold (hence 2 stars).
You have to try the Red Velvet Cheesecake. It's unbelievable! The service is ok. The food is hit or miss.  Really only go back repeatedly for he cheesecake!
This place always has great service. There is tons of options to chose from! So far i have liked everything ive tried from the menu. I usually go for lunch tho because dinners are so packed sometimes there is no parking!!
I'm not going to rehash what's been stated hear a billion times, this place is solid.\n\nBut due try to get a Sunday brunch reservation about a month in advance, the brunch menu is unique and unbelievable.  Skip the bloody mary bar and just get something off of the menu.
The lady at the counter was rude. Food portions are snack size. Hot rod theme that is a lame attempt at being cool. Nothing to brag about , which stinks because I like supporting independent food joints. This has been a disappointment 3 times in a row, you're out !
Tropical Smoothie Cafe has great smoothies...go with the Jetty Punch!  Had the food for the first time today and the buffalo chicken toasted wrap was excellent.  In my opinion, this is the best smoothie place around, including the two better known places.  Head in before 8:00 AM for a discount on smoothies.
Very nice office and staff! Only negative is it is super expensive.
Beautiful view of the water if you sit by the windows or on the patio. They have the best chicken fundido I have ever had! Really good salsa too. Staff is always fast and friendly.
Best almond croissant ever! Everything looks so good. Can't wait to return to Montreal to have another.  At least as good as any bakery I've visited in Paris..wish there was one in Ottawa
Lame. We arranged with a promoter to be on the VIP list to get in, and they wouldn't let us in because we were a group of 3 gay guys with no girls. If they don't want my money then I'll take it somewhere else.
Bike was in good working order, and the kiosks were user friendly. Of course, a bike share is never perfect! It was good enough for a day trip to NoDa and Dilworth.
I love Target in general! I like this location even more because its big and is  always clean. I always find everything on my shopping list and always end up adding more stuff, yikes!\n\nThere is always parking is on the first level.\nLove that I can get my Starbucks coffee while shopping!
Progressive Customer service is extremely rude and unprofessional.
Front desk receptionist is a little abrasive. He should brush up on his customer service skills. The acupuncture was gentle, and took alot of pressure off of my neck. So far so good.
Worst service ever\nI think they had two people working\nNo one could give me actual direction as to where I could find what I needed\nWalked around the store lost looking for where they told me to go\n\nLeft empty mad and frustrated going to Michael's
Food is always good, from small plates to soups to entrees. Service is solid, but not overly attentive. Great location and never too busy. Check it out!
must go if your in vegas!!! if you can wait for like 20-30 min. you have to come for breakfast. its always a line but it moves fast! i love how they plate their food, very elegant! and will have you full!\na must go!
My husband and I order from here all the time. Their shrimp in lobster sauce with shrimp fried rice is, in my opinion, one of the best things on their menu!!
Awesome!  Affordable, wonderful food - definitely try the sausage and the meatballs!  Sangria was fantastic.  Ambiance was wonderful - sat outside.  Tremendous value for Las Vegas!  Well worth the trip off the strip.  Would most definitely go back again!
Food was good. It was our first time here. We ordered Civeche for appetizer and I had Chaufa Rice for dinner. We will come back again and try other dishes.
Been several times and always the same. Fun space, menu reads very well and you expect to get a great meal, but food is totally plain and unexciting. All hat, not cattle.  Don't waste the time or money, many better options around town.
The line was out of control and the food wasn't it worth it! I went for dinner but it was very disappointed and if you don't like creeps the dessert section is disappointing! Go to the restaurant next door in the Paris.... Way better!
Manager was rude and unprofessional! Demanded increase in gratuity because two groups came in 50 minutes a part, struck up a conversation and was charged extra gratuity due to the two groups becoming more than 8. He lied and refused to examine stamped receipts showing 50 minutes difference. Made the experience awful!
This company was the hit of our party!  Our guests were literally shocked when they were handed a print almost immediately after their photos were taken.  I have recommended them to all of our friends.\nGeorge Arizmendez\nLas Vegas, Nevada
The sushi here is absolutely amazing.  Better than any other Sushi place ive been to in the burgh.  The hibachi is pretty awesome too.  Ask for Kobe!  The Chinese food is also bomb!!
This is definitley a cool place to see a concert or hang out before a Steelers game.  My school has actually come here to have our Spring Formals for the past couple years, and it is always a very nice venue.
I know my friends like this place.  But to me the service was lazy and veryy slow. Gnats flying all around, and the soda was flat.  The waitress said it wasn't.  No paper towels in the bathroom.
I do not get the draw.  Always packed, mediocre food and service.  Are we THAT desperate for a decent restaurant in the East Valley that we have to resort to this place?
this place was not good. tried three different pieces. everything was very poorly made and nothing was fresh. very unhappy since we stay at this hotel all the time. needs some serious work in all areas.
The burgers were tasty and made to order.  I went during lunch hour and didn't have any trouble getting a table and we were in and out very quickly.  The servers were attentive.
Service was quick & professional. A full synthetic high mileage 5 qt LOF & tire rotation $75. Beats $100 @ Midas. Definitely recommend & will be going back.
Great Belgian burgers, a variety of sauces for your frites, and refreshing imported belgian beers.  What more to say?
Kickass bar. The atmosphere is huge here. It's like hanging out in a volcano. A few good drafts and tons of bottles. Go here if you want something other than sports at your bar in the Southside.
If you like waiting 40 mins before getting any food and watching your waiter shoot the breeze with another waiter this is the place to go.
I wanted to pick some up for lunch on my way to work but these that is very rude I would never be back, I asked for one more napkin and she told me NO !
No at all a good place when it comes to customer service or hospitality! The bouncer here has no brains whatsoever and should be thrown out!
Very Plain and nothing exciting. Don't waist your time doing the $100 free slot play sign up promotion.
Affordable combos-grilled chicken or a sandwich with 2 sides close to the Concordia downtown campus for around 8 bucks. The chicken is always good but the sides often lack luster (mashed potatoes from a box?). Speedy service and convenient location.
Tasty ramen and great menu items. Small place with small menu but good food. Prices are pretty reasonable.  Finally another Monta! The other location is always packed so its nice to have another option. This location needs to perfect the taste like the other Monta has.
Pretty lame. Nothing but a bunch of vendors. Stupid stuff like Dish tv or car rentals. The kids didn't even really enjoy it. Nothing like it used to be. Just completely commercialized. :(
I love this Olive Garden!
Asked for medium rare,got rare.The sauce is not homemade.Willing to bet its from a can.It murdered my tastebuds
Was on time and courteous and did a good job for parts he did.. But he skipped parts of upstairs hallway and didn't lift or move runner to clean underneath and missed cleaning carpet area in hallway outside bedroom entrance. So overall not that pleased.
Don't get the potato skins... They are dry and disappointing. Good popcorn with real butter is nice though! I prefer epicenter...but this is convinient to those who live in the Providence area.
While traveling on business from California, I stopped in here and got their testosterone salad. It wasn't the best tasting salad and was a weird combination of ingredients, but this wasn't the worst part. Food poisoning, I was throwing up all night and the next day. How do you screw up a salad?!
The water ballet is beautifully choreographed to beautifully chosen music.\n\nIt's the first of its kind, at least in SoCal, and it's FREE!
Levi at Arizona Keys Locksmith did a super job changing out my lock - he is fast and professional - a real pro at being a locksmith - highly recommended!
Love, this place.
I found a Feb 1985 copy of a Dungeons & Dragons magazine that I owned when I was 14 years old. It was like I was holding a time machine.
I love americano coffee and this place made it perfect. The staff was super kind and helpful. I did not realize they don't take credit cards, the gentlemen said it was alright and I could just pay him next time. You don't find that kindness anymore.
Barry is definitely showing his age, it was almost hard for me to watch some parts of the show when he danced. Overall it was entertaining, my mom is a big fan so I grew up hearing his music. I am only 26 and I think I was definitely one of the youngest people in the crowd.
Habib is the best! I have gone to other places and no one tops him. He knows what he's doing! I hope he never moves.
Like their breakfast.  Lunch and dinner not so much.  They have always overcooked my entree.
A lower end version of the cheesecake factory.  The casino seems to use it as a substitute for their own cafe.  I have been many times and am always disappointed with the food options and prices.
Receptionist nice and apologetic, however was scheduled for a 6:30p MRI but when we got here it was really a 7:00p appt with a 6:30 check-in to fill out paperwork that literally took 5 minutes. Not respectful of your time.
I forgot to mention that I when I accidentally signed up (because I thought they were capital one) they also sent me a $75 bill, for no reason! Before I even got the card (not that I wanted the card). \n\nJerks, I hope this crappy company goes out of business.
Great new cafe! Very friendly and authentic environment! Would definitely recommend it and visit again! Thank you cafe casera!
The location is nice but the staff can be annoying. There is a guy that works the nights that is very loud and annoying. One time I forgot my headphones and had to leave because he wouldn't stop singing and being loud.
Low quality ingredients. Basic concept dishes. Nothing exciting but works in a pinch late at night.
They pulled a bait and switch, telling us cover was free with wristband. When we got there, it ended up being $20 per person. They also charged us us $28 for a lemon drop.
Love this hotel- decor is beautiful, staff is top notch....drinks are great and the crowd is the Vegas crowd I like...they know how to dress, act and enjoy with out making fools of themselves...my kind of place!
Kinda blah, and they didn't have any samosas OR pakoras. Cheap and open late, though!
This Rosaties is super slow...they suck. As I am typing this I am still waiting on my pizza. I don't like this. I am Hungry. \n\nThis is ridiculous.
I really like their thin crust pizzas. Parking at this location can be a pain.
Make reservations. this place had a line out the door. The Taxi driver even said it was his favorite restaurant. the Walnut shrimp was great
Visiting friends in NC and we stopped here for breakfast. At first our order was take out but then we decided to eat in. They got out order wrong but was friendly in fixing the error. The food was okay for the items that we got.
I don't get the attraction to this place! The clothes are not that cute and they are outrageously overpriced. If they weren't having a 40% off sale, I would have turned around and left. Jeans for a 7 year old should not be $60!
Over price, yogurt taste stall and the staff and owners are horrid. DO NOT GO!
Lol,hahahha,heheheh i dont Know where to start.I'm gonna Say that Come to the United States of America to See a Real Shopping centre.
Picture walking into a traditional steakhouse of the 80s and you have the Golf Steakhouse.  The view over the Grand River adds to this ambiance.  This place is not a Barbarians but I recommend them based on the quality verses price ratio.  You will not be disappointed based on the amount of food and there is something for everyone.
Waitress was slow didn't care hard to order kept asking what we ordered took hour to get bill had to go find her waited 15 min standing in front of her. Asking to get it we walked out of the place came back in she doesn't care the worst ever food was ok nothing great wouldn't go back ever again
Evlyn was awesome! Very through and definitely exceeded expectations. She certainly went above and beyond plus had a very kind demeanor. I would hire her back in a second. :)
This place is definitely worth visiting.  The food, and the eating experience are unique and enjoyable.  Service is great.
First time at this restaurant because of all the good reviews. Unfortunately, I won't be returning. The service was superb, no doubt. But the fried chicken was tasteless, sushi was ordinary at best. After more than $50 later, both my hubby and I ended up spending the night in the bathroom.
Bottom line there was absolutely no service. We saw waitresses, but wait for close to 30 min. I couldn't tell you if the beer or burgers were any good we walked out.
Great place.  you have got to try the Carne Asada Nacho.  So wonderful.  Their Salsa is fantastic.
we happened to stroll by and decided to stop in for dessert.  we loved the view of the pool area and the desserts were amazing.  it was a very busy friday night but even though we were only having dessert the wait staff was very attentive and efficient.  we'll definitely be going back.
Over priced bad food
I love Fabulous Eyebrows!!!!!! I've been coming here for over a year and loves how she does my eyebrows and lashes....totally transform my face. Customer service is very important, and they give EXCELLENT CARE to their customers at a fraction of the price.
Old, outdated & grungy. Pass
Service is fast and Very good food. Worth the wait!
loved it, the experience was amazing, the food was top, simply the chef is amazing cook and the service was really good. Would go back for sure!
Dude its QuikTrip you get gas, a hot dog to go chips beer all 24/7 you have your occasional bum asking for money but that's expected ill always return here
Went on Tuesday with a few people from work. 3 out of the 4 people that went were out with food poisoning having the worst nights of their life. Somewhere between the Sweet & Sour Pork and Lemon Chicken only I remained safe with some decent Sweet & Sour Chicken.
I wish this store carried more of the items that are online
We went to see Hypnotiq the show. Let me say it was too funny! The place is small but a great set up we were at a table up front. We had VIP open bar it was very cheap and best way to start off our Friday night in Vegas
Excellent food, and great service from Matt. We had to wait a moment, less than 5 minutes, before being seated for lunch at approximately 11:30. The lobster flatbread was well-cooked and balanced in flavors, and my guest's duck looked quite good. The wine selection is excellent.
This resort has been in Scottsdale forever and it truly knows service. I haven't stayed in the rooms here in years but I looooove the spa.  They always pamper me and I try to get here as often as I can. Love this place!
Best deal  got the group on deal for 5 bucks!
Great frozen hot chocolate!!  Cute restaurant near the Bellagio.  Wait was a little long but worth it.
I actually had a great time at this place.  The line isn't very long and the house music was bumping.  There were also fire-breathing people and acrobats, so awesome.  Definitely recommend going back to this club.
Average steakhouse, expensive price point\n\nAll in all, an average steakhouse.  I would opt for Circus Circus Steakhouse if you want a good steak at a better price point, but the service and the d\u00e9cor were very nice.
This is a fantastic, well appointed hotel, but with a very easy going staff.\nWe'd definitely stay here again.
Cod was good as expected but other dishes paled in comparison to NYC. beef dumplings were not worth the high ticket price
Consistent. Nice wine list. A little too cutesy in the decor, but the best Itailian place in Madison. The spag Bolognesse is just about a perfect dish.
Even with the munchies at 2am this place is bad. I've eaten here and at the one in South End and both are a waste.  I usually just eat at the Pita Pit or risk a bacteria infection and eat from one of the street vendors(the chicken on a stick is might damn good!) by The Forum.
My wife goes here ever chance she get, but I refuse to go with her. Coffee deserves 5 stars but the chick behind the counter is so rude. I refuse to spend money at a place that lets it indie hipster staff treat regular Joe's like my self rudely.
Excellent customer service, wonderful and consistent food every time we come here. Definitely the best Brazilian style steakhouse in Las Vegas.
Stopped by this place on vacation in Scottsdale last week.  We were just looking for something quick.  The pizza was good, nothing fantastic, but pretty good.  I had a slice of pepperoni and olive.  The ingredients were all fresh and I enjoyed it.  It was very expensive given the location.
Located in downtown Scottsdale, Citizen Public House serves classy gastropub food.  The server I had was great and even offered a kitchen tour while we were waiting for our food. This place is awesome.
Douchebag and tourist hell. Still waiting in line for my juice to be made while tourists who ordered after me get their bloody coffee. Never coming back here again!!
I had never been to alt n bachs before and stopped in to grab a burger and beer. I was not disappointed the burger was tasty and cooked to perfection. The beer selection was good and very reasonably priced. My bartender (Julie I think) provided excellent service and friendly conversation. I will definitely be back!
What a delightful experience! We sat at the omelette bar and enjoyed conversation with the folks making it happen in the kitchen. Late breakfast included a Moe omelette and Egg Sammie. Admittedly, we're frequent LGOers and Luci's tops their breakfast for sure. Will absolutely be back!
I am a HUGE Garth fan...but this is NOT a Garth show...He sings about 8 songs of his own...the rest are covers and him talking about his childhood. I would not reccoment paying the 250 bucks.
$6 for boba drink.. I ordered buy 2 g1 and they poured full ice in cup .. The dessert drink  we got not even look like in pictures.  My son finished drink in 2-3 zip. Will not go back again. Also Last time we went found a hair in soup. We done with this place.
Un vrai plaisir !!! \nAmbiance  produits et service extra \nA ne pas rater surtout tres tres bon
The chorizo breakfast burrito was probably the worst thing I've ever tasted in my life. \n\nNever again.
The hot chocolate tasted watery and the food was horrible. Also, I didn't like being charged a quarter for ice water on principle. Starbucks doesn't even do that.
I'm a longtime rock hound and crystal practitioner. Rarely have I see such a rare selection in one place. Did I say rare twice? The owner and operators are wonderfully friendly and this little store is absolutely chock full of mojo goodness.
There hasn't been a Cirque show I haven't liked.  We got a great deal on tickets and had wonderful seats.  Entertaining show, always fantastic scenery & costumes.  A great show to catch while in Vegas
Honest and professional. Anytime I need brake work I will be back.
Cool little dive bar with friendly staff. Drinks were well made and the perfect strength.
This is one of the best places I've eaten at. Every meal has been absolutely excellent and tastes fresh! My personal favorite is the seared Ahi tuna sandwich. My only complaint is that there is always a long line to order, but that just speaks to how popular this place is. Highly recommend Joe's!
Yep, still darn good.  We ordered take out this week and it was just as good as always.  i wish that I had a Chen & Wok in my hood in Chicago.  Why is their lo mein so much better than everywhere else?
Much better pricing than Biggs although their selection is smaller.  Theyre also a lot friendlier and have competitive prices to b&h and amazon on bogen and loewpro bags. Good store for trying out gear before you use it, but i havent had prints done here.
Amazing Ceviche. Resonable wine list. Paid $150 for a dinner for 4 with wine but no dessert.
Never use!! Complete waste of time.
Friendly service, great sandwiches- Always love a good Pastrami sandwich! They actually have some healthy options too.
DO NOT GO HERE!  Watch out - they will ruin your clothes and then give you the biggest, most expert run around you can ever imagine if you try to get them to replace them.  The owner is a blatant lier and she will rip you off.
My absolute favorite cupcake shop in the city! Sprinkles whaaaaaattt? These cupcakes are from a mom and pop shop, homemade fresh daily! They have a really cool chalk wall you can write on too. Definitely recommended.
ok
Overpriced, undercooked
Better than Starbucks!
Great food, staff is unbelievably nice. Service  is top, no complaints there. Friday/Saturday they have a Dj. Drinks and food specials are stupid good and they don't cut portions down. Hookah is good. Definitely a great stop for anyone just visiting!
Horrible service ! My daughter asked for a sample and was given a smart ass remark by the girl behind the counter . We bought 3 overpriced cupcakes and I told my wife we will never go back because of the bad attitude of the staff member . Nothing bunt cakes are waaaaay better
Not great, not bad.  I have a few cuts from the threads on my eye lids and had a breakout on my upper lip, when I am one that rarely breaks out.  It might be whatever they finish with.  My eyebrows look great otherwise.   The threader didn't greet or talked much but smiled and nodded and directed as needed.
The steaks were outstanding especially the 40oz porterhouse but it's enourmous so be sure to share it with several people.  The sides were amazing, loved the creamed spinach and wild mushrooms.   The smores desert was out of this world.
There bloody marries are on a different level. Worth the trip for just that alone. Anyways there breakfast and lunch is amazing. I love there chicken and asparagus hash. AH-MAZING. Drool. The wait is always awful but definitely worth it.
Southwest Burger... that is all Im going to say
Okay food but awful service. Restaurant had 5 people in it when my party of three sat down. It took almost an hour for the food to hit the table once we ordered and they didn't offer any sort of compensation. Thai food should not take that long to prepare, this isn't fine dining.
The staff at this location is absolute horrible. Including the manager. I have never been treated with such an attitude just because I had a question regarding my services and equipment. When they answered my question, I said thank you and then was literally just hung up on. Seriously they are be worst!
Waited for five minutes for someone to acknowledge me. Go to Target on Blue Diamond, much more helpful!
It was a busy cute Mexican restaurant . They didn't serve us any chips and salsa. We were hoping for. Our food was ok. My husband had tacos, I had posole  soup. \nOur service was slow!!!
Great service they seemed to care for the hungry customer,  supper yummy breakfast my kids loved the french toast and i loved the clam chowder soup delicious i totally recommend this restaurant
I have enjoyed the homemade jam and the fresh squeezed juice (and that last one was even free, thanks to a Yelp! check in).
My kids love this place and I keep getting suckered back in but never again.  Ants on the table was a bit much-and the lack of apology or offer to discount or meal sealed it for me.  This place is banned from my list forever.
The Tri-Tip was the best I've ever had, but the tuna was not good. \nGood, fast service.
4 out of 10 times they got our order right, but it's still not bad. Love the breakfast and the chicken cheese and rice burritos
I was dined in Haifa on May 13 with 2 more guys. \nThis is probably the worse place I ever ate in my life! Food was not fresh at all and the service was really slow and bad.
You get what you pay for!
Great pizza, and really nice staff.  We waited longer than usual for our pizza so the manager gave us a free round of beer - I'll definitely be returning to this great neighborhood pizza joint!
Fun and Delicious!!  Great Hibachi!!
It took TWO hours for my food to get delivered
Hey, this is my local H20ing hole.  The best wings!  Pizza is great too (buffalo chicken).  Great selection--can't go wrong.
Are they closing down? 315pm on Thursday and doors are locked. Sux I just paid for parking ;/
customer service is always nice but dont you all think that this place is little over-rated? Their 'Almost Famous Sandwitches' need some hard work to get famous. Basically, this place is like Dr. Pepper soda. People are crazy about it but that thing tastes extremely ridiculous.
Sampled their pizza, and soup. Great food, great prices, and exceptional service! Parking is difficult due to its limited and unique corner space. The restaurant has two separate indoor seating areas, and outdoor seating. Heaters are available for outdoor seating. Full bar available. Will visit again!
They were too busy to take our take-out order! Too bad. But...I'm glad they're so busy they didn't miss us!
Worst service ever. Went for an eye inspection for contacts and found out a month later that my contacts were never ordered. So disappointing and now I'm out of contacts
Was not impressed. My tuna sandwich was very dry and my salad was not very impressive either. The service was quick and pleasant though.
The lobster bisque was the best ever!! The mussels and clams were really good and the rasberry peach cobbler. I wouldn't waste my time on the lobster pasta, had very little flavor. And the apple pie has too much nutmeg...
Best sushi in Phoenix and you would totally miss it if you weren't looking. Extremely creative rolls and fantastic quality sashimi. We WILL be back!
The cupcakes are to die for and the cookies aren't too shabby either. I had amir a dozen chocolate chip cookies. .. Just like mom used to make. I do believe toys may be the best bakery in town.
Great transaction. Ladies are wonderful and gives you awesome advices.  Validated my parking stub too. Tip: we found place easily by reading other comments on here. Rates are awesome and worth the trip.
RA has a great happy hour!  You can eat and drink for an unbeatable price.  There sushi is pretty good. The vibe and service is just okay.
Ordered drinks got it wrong. Ordered food got the order wrong. Ordered micro brew got Coors light. Haven't seen a server for 20 mins!  Really!!!!!!!
Up at the peculiar rabbit right now - good news is the beer selection is phenomenal, bad news is we are the only two people here. We ordered the deviled eggs, they were rubbery awfulness.  Won't be back.
You can buy this stuff all over town..... so freshness is an often  issue.   Expensive.  All dark    ( ok some of us like milk ...)  very trendy flavors.    Cheap packaging.
Amazing resort. Amazing staff. Came for a short vacation just over the weekend ended up in a amazing suite adjacent to the hot tub.  Wife and daughter enjoyed it thoroughly just as much as I did. Will definitely be back.
From the perspective of a celiac: their cookies still aren't gluten-free, but some of their salads (sans croutons) are definitely A-OK.
Cool creatve vibe. Local food, but overpriced.
start your lunch/dinner with their yia yia's chocolate sheet cake--it is very good!\n\ni prefer their sandwiches and orzo salad!
Something for everyone- try the seered wagu beef appetizer
We had a great experience here yesterday. This isn't your typical Thai food, as the portions are plated neatly and comparatively small when considering other Thai places. However, the flavors are fantastic. We tried the sea bass, duck, and a vegetable dish. This place would be ideal for larger parties, so you can sample several different dishes.
Mia (Sales Associate) is the best. She is extremely professional. Great selection, service and pricing. They carry one of every model made.
Not sure what all the hype is about. They serve affordable sandwiches in an otherwise overpriced town. My sandwich was ready for 10 minutes before they finally realized that my buzzer was broken.
Outstanding customer service,friendly and knowledgeable staff,best prices around.\nIf you shop elsewhere,you are a bad person,and should feel bad.
we really like this place!  I've never been a big sushi fan but the food here is great!
Love this place, it's on our dinner rotation. The owners and wait staff always greet us since we are regulars. Great place and cheap too. Try the #100 its the best ever.
Worst service ever.  No one cares, was lied to, wasted my time, twice and ended up demanding a refund and taking business elsewhere.  NEVER AGAIN.
Pretty good place to eat....had the peanut butter burger...interesting...wish it came with some jelly honestly, shake tasting was good just wish it was in bigger quantities.....good place for a quick bite
Attention 2 detail suburb. The curry is excellent!
Mr. Harkins is an extreme leftists and why would anyone in the middle or to the right want to support this guy?  So if you're a conservative, then go to another theatre.
The manager is a mean person ( the one with the beard scruff)... He's the least helpful person, along with the old lady with the short hair. Just rude..
I've seen Dr. Lillo for 10 years or so.  He listens to you and is always attentive, doesn't rush through your appt. I love that he can do back/neck adjustments! I probably see him 2-3 times a year for those alone.
Cute store, lots of merchandise.  Customized M&M's printing on site, fun but in the end we did not buy anything.
I ordered the adobo fried rice omelet. I wish it had more if a trditonal adobo flavor as it was a bit on the light side for me. And the raspberry iced tea was kinda watered down.  But the cookie butter French toast was on point!
custard is very good but very filling. Lots of options which is nice.
I've had a lot of dimsum--Richmond, Toronto, Seattle. This has no comparison, but it is still dimsum to satisfy your cravings.
Good food, as far as I can tell since in 45 minutes we have only gotten our appetizer.\n\nSo far, the only reason to come is to get $35 in free drinks.\n\nStay away!
I've had some wonderful meals here before, but they've been closed the last two times I've visited. \n\nThey're closed today despite Google's listing having them open today. I will try one more time before assuming they are permanently closed.
Terrible service.  Bad food.  Manager was rude and they forgot parts of our order and refused to split a check.  Not going back.
Great concept until you get some nasty trolley driver tailgating you. \nDon't know what the guy's problem was but he was up on our butt for well over a mile. I guess it was a slow night and he was bored and looking to entertain himself
This place is absolutely a treat.... Great dessert section portions are perfect bite. I had wine paring with mine
I've been eating wings here since 1989 and they're still my fave!  \nTrivia: '89-'94 wings were 10\u00a2 each!  A dozen for $1.20 too good!
Nice bar restaurant on Rose Street just up from Princess Street. Has restaurant area upstairs and food is goo although can be slow when it's busy. Bar downstairs is quite small but good selection of wines beers etc and reasonably priced given it's location.
An incredible beer selection and great pub food.  The Friday fish is very good.  Also a good atmosphere to enjoy some time with friends.
This pizza joint was phenomenal! I'm so glad the owner of the cupcake shop we visited recommended this place!\n\nmake sure you try one of their fresh salads, amazingly creative pizzas, and delightful desserts while here!  you won't be disappointing!
So my wife and I decided to grab something to eat and I want to say that the place it's really nicely laid out except the weird bulk head on the wall. The food was very mediocre at best and the service was so so.
Nice location where you can stop by after your shopping. The price is reasonable. However if you want to have a great Japanese food exp, it might not match your demand.
Small little gem tucked in the back of the shopping center.  Obviously the selection isn't as big as Guitar Center, but the quality is much better.  Nice staff, good prices, highly recommend.
Everything here is tasty.  They can be crowded, so expect that!  Wish they were open later when my friends want to go boozing and I want an espresso!
I recently moved to the area and wanted to check a few places out for my manis and pedis.  This was my first spot, and I am not looking any further. Their customer service is great. The prices are very affordable. Chairs are comfortable. I am definitely going back soon!
Stupid a layout for coffee . All they do is sell u an empty cup and then point you to a corner to fill it Only room for 2 people and if they decide to mix it there, you are acrewed. Stupid stupid stupid
Freundlich, lecker, griechisch\n\n\n Empfehlung? Eindeutig!
Worse service ever. Mandy is an awful manager!! If I could give this zero stars I would, she and her bartender had such an attitude and had no manager experience previously, you could definitely tell!!!
it has variety of seafood, but most of which is very old..
The first thing that greets you when you walk in is FOX news. That's enough said. When we got to the register the cashier DIDN'T greet us and asked for our order 3 times because she kept forgetting. Nothing beats 3 Guys burgers.
Great food, always fresh and consistent.  This location is packed, but the new digital ordering at the entrance is a great time saver, though I wish you got a receipt then.  You pick 2 is my favorite - greek salad and Cesar salads with a sandwich is my favorite, and their bread is great, always fresh.
Just to echo the other reviewers: inattentive staff and unimpressive markdowns. There's not much else to add to that.  They're conveniently located, for what it's worth.
I've always had a great experience with this place.
Great time on a Fall Saturday afternoon!  Good music, college football, and good looking people.\n\nBut...service could have been better.
Video games (old school arcade, xbox booths with double screens) and a bar, and dance floor with live DJ? Hello?! Fun place to hang out!
happening gallery/space that specializes in installation art, sound, new media--now home to the Mutek electronic music festival
This is where I shop for all my hair care needs.  I only come here when I receive coupons.  They have a lot of selections, but sometimes it's not very easy finding what you want, you'll have to ask the store associates.  But overall services were all very good.  Definitely check them out.
Standard California chicken sandwich with 'steak fries' not exactly but ingredients were fresh soft chewy bread i will be back.
See my tips below! Is as just there I could of done better with soap and water myself then paying for this crap
The tapas are delicious and the service is good. I've gone there twice and have had good consistent service and quality food.
This is a gem in the desert.  It has been here in the Valley as lo g as I remember and was a favorite field trip.  Now we love to go as adults and enjoy the holiday luminarias and the artwork.  Became a member too.
Worse service ever. First and last time I will ever stop at this location. I waited 18 minutes in the drive thru, got my drink and it was horrible! The lady at the window acted like it was no big deal that service was so slow and never apologized.
Long long long wait in drive thru.  For hard freaking chicken strips.  Overpriced.  Overrated.  Food was either overcooked or under a heat lamp all day.   A waste of a good location they could put a better fast food joint.
The lunch deal was great. It's hard to find a reasonably priced, lovely lunch in Vegas. I feel like here we actually got our money worth.  Sitting on the patio was fun.
Don't go there for lunch...\nThe waiter never restocked our drinks either.
Went there for a company outing and we found out that the appetizers are better than the main dish...\n\nThe Mediterranean dish was good enough...\n\nThe waiter was very friendly and helpful when deciding what to order since it was the first time there...
Everything is so delicious! I ate here twice, while I was in Vegas. The waiters are alright, but overall, the food is good and decent priced!
Horrible customer service and support.  They keep promising to fix issues with the pool and never return.  Of course, they still try charging monthly service contract.  Ridiculous.
Love this place, we need to make a deposit employees were friendly and had a positive attitude
Very busy airport.  It has a lot of options for food though, even a Jamba Juice.  Plenty of room to find a seat and people watch as people come and leave Vegas.  It makes waiting for the plane much more pleasant.
Stayed at many RV parks on our trips and this is rated the best. Amenities and good people to serve you. They actually act like the are there because they want to be. Nice pool at the perfect temp, clean and the patrols are always out and safe.
Ok if you are in a rush. Not very tasty but staff is nice.
With 4 staff on it still took ten minutes to prepare a bacon roll at breakfast time, \u00a31.75 for soft drinks struck me as expensive and I was short changed by \u00a32. All in all not a good experience.
Tip the guitar man he is awesome, along with everything else about this establishment.  Huge tequila selection, cute and friendly barkeeps and super cool staff.  AWSOME draft beer selection and reasonably priced menu.  I say stop in and try to prove me wrong.
This place is absolutely delicious. I loved the oxtail stew. It's pretty tough to find good Latin food in Pittsburgh, but this is definitely a good spot for a good mix from various Central and South American cuisines. Will definitely come back again for their other dishes!
Incredibly average food, decent service.  I visit the Cosmo several times a year and have dined at every restaurant in the hotel. Will not visit this restaurant again and would not recommend to friends.  All restaurants in the Cosmo were really busy, and this one was empty.  A red flag that I should have recognized.
I always get nervous when an Italian restaurant brings out less than stellar bread. But Ciros served up some great appetizers (Caprese, Calamari and a delicious Cesar salad) unfortunately as I began to get excited about this restaurant my steak came out overcooked with no flavor.
The wait is long. Walter White aka Heisenberg works here during night shifts. Don't make him mad.
Food was delicious, has a store too.
Too fun!! Hope to be picked!!! The mix between performing arts and sensuality is perfect! Before I knew it, the 90 minutes had passed. I recommend going a bit earlier to really enjoy the full show. Some of the cast is out and about. Perfect for all sexes and orientations!
I set an appointment and they forgot about me.  Sucks to wait and get blown off.  No call...nothing.
Always fun in the casino, the history of this place is so special it's hard not to have fun
Drive thru is bad very uncomfortable . Busy sometimes so you have to wait in  line for long time. Employees are no bad nice people and working fast enough.  So 3 stars
Super disappointed w/civiche de camarones.  Seriously lacked flavor other than lime.  Nice server, loved the tableside guac & all the chips and salsa.  Entrees took forever.  Exc margarita!  I would eat there again, everyone else liked their food.
I love balloons! And this company makes the best most beautiful bouquets! If you need decorations that are over the top they are the right choice! The owner is very kind and always professional.
When I saw how low the prices were I was concerned about the quality and complexity. Turned out to be great quality and amazing flavor. Staff was very friendly. Will go back often. Free hot sake after 6 sounds like fun as well.
servers more intent on closing up and going home.\n\nswept floor as we ate.\nlifted mats\n\npizza was good\nworst salad ever
I'm usually not a huge fan of chicken, but Raising Cane's does some mighty fine chicken fingers.  The sides of TX toast and fries are also worthwhile, as is their sweet iced tea.  You feel fat in a good way after eating here.
Accepts student I'd's! 7 dollars instead of 10:)
definitely not worth the money.  there was no remote control in the room, the heat/air did not work, the phne did not work, the supposedly white towels were dingy and the  staff literally sucked.
Very good food. We are here for dinner. And both of us ordered lamb entree, lamb curry and lamb tandoori. They are fantastic. But I don't like the desserts because they are too sweet for me.
I have been going to Designer Shades for the past couple years.  Nicole makes my paleness go away, but the tan looks super natural!  I won't go anywhere else for my spray tans!
We've been here several times for special occasions and have left impressed every time.  The drinks are strong, the food is delicious and the service was on point.  The green chile pork appetizer is exceptional.  The location is kinda weird and we almost always come close to driving past it.  Definitely a favorite.
I visited the Public House in early May. We had a nice, relaxing dinner. My girlfriend was a little disappointed in her meatloaf, but I enjoyed my meal (although I've forgotten what I ordered). Service was good.
First time came to this restaurant. Restaurant was small but it's just a chinese take out. The food was ok. I would recommend taking these food to go because the dinning room was small. If you live around here, I would recommend this restaurant.
\"go big or dont go at all\" is an understatement. I think my tiger shrimp weighed a pound. pricy, but hey i picked out which rib eye i wanted...
Our favorite sushi place.  Large, creative sushi menu & complete dinners.  Attractive atmosphere w/ Japanese art & artistically drawn menu ads on the walls.  We've always had good service.
Persian room definitely doesn't disappoint.  I have been to this restaurant quite a few times and I always leave full with a takeout box.
Two words...Athens Fries!!!  I've visited this restaurant on 3 separate trips to Vegas and I've never been disappointed.  Buy some of the Athens Fries seasoning at the restaurant and use it to make your own at home!
Had the carnitas and fish tacos. Better than average. The salsa bar was unexpected and very good. Onions, peppers and carrots. Sauce for every taste. Clean with good service. I will be going back to try the other menu items. Highly recommended.
I am just in awe and still trying to come down from the high of enjoying this amazing meal!  I had some pulled pork, hot links, baked beans, peach cobbler, yams, Mac and Cheese, and corn bread! All of it was just amazing and delicious.
Second visit Great patio but so many damn flies- and it's been like that for months- seriously need a fly trap- in my beer, food, all over the tables- disgusting.
Overall not bad for price paid. The pool and hot tub were disgusting and cold, so if you are hoping to spend time there I might consider another hotel. HOWEVER, my room was clean, the staff was extremely friendly and accommodating, and they put out a top notch continental breakfast.
I've not had any of the bad experiences that others have. They do not knock my socks off which is why this isn't a 5 star review. However, the price is right and you can get coupons from their website. \n\n3rd time back and and each time they continue to do a great job.
In just a couple of words... Absolutely horrible! Worst wings I have ever had and shameful overall experience for a place that specializes in wings. Do not waste your money here as there are many places to go where you can get quality wings, homemade, and fairly priced. Enough said.
Friendly helpful staff! Fun place! \nThey were a great support for my daughters school project where she did a presentation on the Bahamas and served Bahama Bucks! Destiny (one of the employees) was a doll helping serve the hundreds of kids. We are in love with this place!! Thank you!!
This space is fantastic, great prices and great service.  Willy is the only barber I will go to from now on.  Best fade and straight razor on the valley.  I am sure that everyone at the shop is fantastic but Willy has bar none given me the best cut I have had in a long time.
Here the July 31 weekend... I pre checked in online and STILL am waiting in a very long line that has not moved at all. Why bother having an early check in when you still have to wait over an hour!!! Ridiculous it's now about 11 pm and I'm still here...
It's really not a Mexican restaurant so much as an Americanized version of Mexican. The burritos are OK, but often lacking a bit of flavor. The tofu in particular needs a bit of improvement.
Great kimbop :)
Service is poor,decor is very fun,Go for the fun factor,Food is\nvery average,good for a quick snack
She is still as good as it gets.  I have never had a problem getting in nor have I had an issue with anyone in the office.  They are kind and always take there time.
Yum, yum, you should get some!  Really tasty roasted half chicken and arugula salad. Topped it off with the chocolate fondant which had a vary subtle but nice chili spice hint/finish. Great service too.  And the swing seats were a kick.
closed. out of business
Typical.
I have had better boba places in Las Vegas.  Their boba tends to get hard real quick rather than staying chewy for a longer period of time. The workers were nice so I ended up giving a decent rating.
I'm all about the tiki thing and the patio but this place is just trashy. It's obvious that this is first on the list for every guy who just turned 21. Everything had a thin layer of barf on it.
Great addition to downtown scottsdale. Upscale nightclub featuring pool in the middle to cool off during summer time is the way to go. Fun environment with friendly staff, way to go .......
Very nice and clean store! It looks to have just received the newest store refresh and is very clean and properly labeled. Lots of helpful employees too!
Only came for drinks but the margaritas were great.  The hostess, Diana, was super friendly and helpful!  Good place to stop in for a drink/dinner while shopping at the Miracle Mile Shops....
Most authentic Vietnamese restaurant in Vegas.
I started a postbox here for my business and the people who own and work at this PostNet are so friendly and helpful.\n\nDefinitely go if you're looking for incredible service.
Slowest Starbucks ever! Was in the drive thru for over 20 mins... They can't hear you on the speaker so you have to scream
Very nice new location, next to Springs Preserve. They used to be located across the freeway at Lorenzi Park. You'll see two main exhibit halls that contain very useful and historic information about the Las Vegas area. A good way to get away from the Strip life and become more educated.
They don't have good personal trainers, and i think its not a professional gym at all .
The staff is friendly. The room temperature is always perfect -never too cold, the music is pleasant both in choice and volume. The coffee is very tasty. And the wait time is never long.
Eat here about every couple months. Prices and service good, like the self serve condiments.3 stars because I've noticed a decline in quality of beef since last visit. Meat has always been consistent until the other day. Hamburger looked and tasted as if frozen and premade elsewhere. I will give one more shot.
Great service, really great wine, good steak....what's not to like? I highly recommend the bleu cheese steak (also the bleu cheese martini). Always love coming here.
No matter where I go Buca .... Seattle, Las Vegas, Encinitas... I am always happy. Great family food, always friendly service.
F-
This location is ok. Not great, but not terrible.  Like most Holiday Inn Express locations, you can hear just about everything going on in the next rooms and hope that you don't have anyone in the room above you.\n\nBreakfast bar was well stocked and the attendant was friendly.
Excellent service.  Quick and helpful. No treating you like crap when you don't buy insurance.  Lady at front counter was excellent. Best service I've ever had renting a car.
I ate here twice while I was at a convention. It's convenient. The servers were nice, the selection was great and my food came out quickly...and they give you lots of it. I needed a to go box for breakfast. \nThe Cajun sausage and tortilla soup were my favorite things.
Just got back from Cosmos for dinner, all I can say is that $12 for 10 oz. prime rib special with bake potato and mix vegetables, you can't beat that! I definitely will go back for another round of good prime rib before this promotion ends!
great place to visit. food were really good but our server was a kind of mean. still give em 4 stars because of food.
Not only good, but friendly!  As in, as I walked in on a rainy night, 4 people I know came over to say hi.  So that's where you've all been!  Really, really good fajitas.  Really, really good margaritas.  I'm coming back!
There were boobs, I guess.
Good place for a beer. Excellent boneless wings.
Just read about what they do for foster kids and I think that is amazing and I would support this business just for that. YOU ROCK!
Love the limeade.  The new hot dogs taste great, and actually look like the pictures you see on the ads.  How often does that happen?
This buffet is just ordinary compared to the other ones out there. Nothing special at all. So many other good places to eat, I wouldnt waste a meal here.
This is the best barbershop in PHX  been going to the other location since 2002 and now to this location.. I always look sharp love this place...
Cheap Hot and Fast!!!\nIf you are in a rush and need to have a quick fill up this is the place to be.\nYummy chinese food in generous portions.\nCan't go wrong here. Free taste too.
Like everyone else says, Frozen Hot Chocolate is the way to go. The food itself is decent, big portions too. But man, that frozen hot chocolate carried this place by far
Due to the bad economy, Efe's has closed. I am so sad!
Nice selection but the staff in the wood flooring dept really did not want me to shop or compare. He kept pushing me back to a non returnable clearance item . RUN to the Tucson store and Joseph.
i had good service, but a lady in front of me in line did not. not sure why. your standard airport starbucks.
If I could give zero stars I would.  They just don't care about customer service and are super apathetic.
The food was great, loved the set up and fresh air feel. My big disappointment and an important aspect was the service. Got my drink order wrong, never checked to see if order was okay or if we needed anything until we were finished. Will think twice before I go back to this location.
great place great deals really nice staff , i would prefer to do all my business here. \nnothing bad to say about this place. always fair w prices and the guys in the repair shop helped me out giving advice on how to fix a broken bass i had. \nthey rock
How can anyone visit the boutique when there is no address listed? Plus, when I tried to click on another post that said it was closed, the response from the owner can't be seen... Not going to get business that way
We have been to this place several times now. Each time the service has either been awesome (5 stars) or below mediocre (1 star), but the food is good! So average of 3 stars. If the food goes down hill, then this place will be a no go for us for sure.
This place is lovely and the staff and managers VERY passionate about delivering a fabulous experience.  LOVE the salmon. WOW.  Prices are so fair!  I would highly recommend this place on food, service, atmosphere-- all were delicious.
Landfill. Sorry but it is.
Pretty nice theatre. Great vibes here.
Buyer beware, worst return policy ever. Even with a receipt, they will not give you store credit after 30 days. Terrible customer service!
I am more critical to this restaurant than some of other reviewers here. I do not think the Phos  we had tonight were that good. The soup was pretty plain, #12 had a lot of low quality beef with large amount of fat. To be honest, this place has been overrated and does not deserve the high marks.
It's a Claim Jumper... decent food and good portions. i'd go back
20 minutes for a California wrap and a lukewarm Maca Warroir Mocha with chocolate all over outside of the cup at a cost of $20. No thanks.
Went into the bathroom to change my baby, and there was cleaning supplies all left on the changing table. Gross. Plus all the older ladies were giving dirty looks like they've never seen a young mom in hobby lobby! Lmfao i love stores like this though. I could spend hours here, reminds me of my grandma.
Appointment time initially said two hour wait. Four hours later still here but I just got a text that it will only be another hour. This new smart phone appointment system is great! Now if they only had hammers here so I could bash my head in.
Very good italian restaurant within Caesar's Palace. We've had dinner here twice and both times were great. Their meatballs are fantastic. The service staff are knowledgable, helpful, and friendly. You can't ask for better.
Le midi = All you can eat sushis !
Absolutely the worst service I have ever experienced. 3 times in one meal we were brought the wrong order and then the waitress forgot to put in my entree order! Are you kidding me? I will be going to the location on 27th ave and bell from now on, And that is only if I ever come back to native...
Decent quality food. Their air conditioning was broken when I went. Not bad but not amazing.
This place is great! So much variety as well as some food recommendations. I'm not am avid smoker, but like to celebrate with my friends, and a once a year type of habit goes well with their great suggestions.
The new location in 7th street market is excellent.  Fresh and done right.  Best crepe I've ever had.   Enjoyed the curry chicken crepe.
Had free breakfast here after a long night of drinking, and the bacon and waffles were delicious! Eggs tasted like styrofoam and everything else was super salty. Not terrible, but it costs $20/person if you don't have free vouchers...not worth that much in my opinion.
The Pad Thai was really fantastic and it great atmosphere.
Horrible! They have done nothing but be unethical and unprofessional. Beware of medical devices from them. Do your research, there are better companies out there that aren't worried about the money. Shame on you Bennett!
We went there last weekend, this place was great.
Very nice place the misters outside really helped make it cool. The food was good not very much seasoning but overall it was good.
The tortilla soup was more like a mole dip.  I sent back my chicken Ceasar salad because something just didn't taste right about it.  Cutting my losses.
Gross. New owners. New salad. New garlic dip (now made with mayonnaise). Sub par now.
The place is a ripoff. Two eggs, sausage, hash browns for 12.70. In Vegas, off the strip, REALLY.
Food was incredible, had the eggs benny with chorizo potatoes. Only gave them 4 stars because the food took a while to come out. But it was well worth the wait!
We eat a lot of Thai food in town and our friends said they loved this place. Tried it out and thought everything was really good. I LOVED the coconut ice cream.The service was great too! Will definitely be back.
Fake five star reviews by anonymous doesn't change anything. I bet they're employees of that establishment.
cool spot to watch ball games....some seats have a bad line of sight of the tv monitors, but the appetizers are good and so was the service
So mediocre. I only went for the free margarita deal.
very very tasty pizza, expensive yes but i enjoyed every bite :]  .. still not as good as original grimaldis in Brooklyn but close enough.
Usually i am here after ive been drinking... so i see drunk people and i eat... thats about all im good for there. lol
Excellent selection of juices but unfortunately the shop didn't feel very accessible to me.  For the amount of money I was spending on juice, I was expecting a little more friendly service.  I won't be going back.
This restaurant has poor service for the most part.  The food is very inconsistent.  I have tried this restaurant too many times.  The last visit was the worst, with a big gross  black hair in the shrimp tempura.  Alas, another spot in Madison that is crossed off the list.
Very disappointing! Maybe our expectations were too high, from watching his shows we expected a higher level from the kitchen. We had truffle fries, farm burger,  and the Hell's Kitchen Burger.  All very under seasoned and tasteless.  Service was fine.
absolutley obsessed with this place. to the point of being unhealthy! :)\n\neverything is fantastic - and i think about it all day long! ;)\n\nthe chips with homeade dip - their awesome & original hot dogs - cant get enough!
Excellent place, I cant wait for the their new place on williams field and val vista to open, its about 15-20 minutes closer to my home.
The food was pretty good but I hate going to places like this because there is a huge echo and you can barely hear the people you're with. I've had their catering though- a much better experience.
the ONLY place for sushi!  Casual and elegant, the eel roll is the bomb!  Great service, get Jaime or Steven to serve you, they are the best.  Great locatino and fun people watching while downing some really fresh treats.
The atmosphere is about the only redeeming quality for Chicago Joe's. The food is just a notch above the chain Italian restaurants but the service deserves only one star. Our waiter showed little concern for his guests.
ok after staying at the LVH for a tradeshow, this has become out go to place for dinner\n\nthe lobster brisque is amazing\nthe crab cakes amazing\nand the inbone rib eye was amazing\n\nnuff said
Very friendly service. Reasonably priced, and the food was good! I'd definitely eat here again.
They make Olive Garden look good.
Not impressed, the carne asada tacos aren't that good. Tough meat and not very tasty.
Summer is great and always makes my mane look awesome. Staff is helpful and friendly and in a great location.
I had the Pho here and for the price-taste ratio for the Pho. It's terrible. If it was cheaper, it would be better. Then again, it's the Venetian. Everything is expensive. I would stay away from this place unless you love spending money for overpriced food.
I always stop here on my way from ca to az. The food is absolutely delicious. The service was very quick and very inexpensive for what you get! \n\nThe Carne Asada is one of my favorites! Must try if you're driving through :)
My main complaint is the RAW jalepenos on the pizza.  Why do some restaurants do this??? I'm sure someone out there likes it, but I think the majority of people prefer not to cry between bites of otherwise very bland pizza!  Please at least note on the menu that they aren't pickled!
Yes I agree it is a easy airport to get in and out.  They have friendly screening people. Slot machines galore
Sounded better than it was. the Waygu burger is all hype and not that flavorful. Waitress was friendly and wanted to make sure I left full, but it was not the foodie experience I was looking for. Maybe I should have got the trout special!
Nasty!!! No variety food tastes like it came off a can ugh!
Not a fan of chains but I had been wanting to go here for a while to try the steak.  The food is good but the service you get here is top notch. Great place to celebrate an event such as a birthday or promotion - just make sure someone else picks up the tab...wink wink.
Best burger I've ever had.  The double smoked, double bacon burger.  With bacon, bacon jam & Gouda.  Our server was great.  He was knowledgeable of all the beers and made great uh festoons on the menu.  I will be back every time I'm in Vegas!
I would actually give this casino 3.5 stars.  it was nice on the inside, I think the shows bring the traffic to the casino.  However, nice atmosphere.  Not alot of shops or food places.  However, I highly recommend the Whopper Bar.  The best Whopper sandwich I have had from a Burger King.
Fresh breads and desserts to go were very good. The sandwiches we had were skimpy and very disappointing and with one cashier we had to wait for fifteen minutes to place an order. We heard the buzz and tried it out, I don't think we'll be going back.
Great food - miserable service.  The food is outstanding and reasonably priced for a brand name chef restaurant on The Strip.  The service was slow and inattentive.  Not a positive experience even wit wonderful dishes.
Cheap pork shoomai!
Awesome happy hour!\nAnd reverse happy hour!\n\nI loved their lobster tacos... mmmm... .lobster in a taco\n\nYay!!
Good food. Surprising flavor and quality for location I haven't heard any feedback on. Great hummus with three flavors. Good drinks. Give it a shot.
My friends and I went to Vegas last month and had SUCH A GOOD TIME! We came and ate here and loved it. Their food is soooooooo delicious. I'll be honest, a bit pricey but I'm assuming its because it's Vegas? Not sure but it was worth it though.
HopShock IPA is truly an outstanding beer. \n\nThat alone is worth the trip.
Great service, mackerel and tofu dashi were both really good. Sake prices were a bit much. Will be going back for sure.
I have never seen PRICES this HIGH in my life. Just walked out.
Absolutely awesome! Just picked up a couple paninis, gnocchi and beans/greens for lunch and everything was great.  Drove by this place hundreds of times...wish I would have stopped sooner.
I had a pretty great Reuben here the other day. I hadn't been in a while, but I feel my criticism of the slow service/high prices remains a problem. But the Reuben was really good, so there is that.
Ok have to revise my prior listing.  These two epic stores started off good but have quickly  gone downhill.  The stuff is really used, check things carefully for holes and broken zippers as the staff doesn't.  Also pretty expensive now.
Very unassuming little place. Everyone I've ever dealt with there is friendly. Awesome burgers! Love the brulee burger and the sweet potato tots! Highly recommended.
Its a good deal for lunch. If you're downtown & need a quick bite, I'd stop in. The service is fast & pretty friendly. The sushi is nothing to write home about, but its worth the price.
Yeah, still just a basic Starbucks occupying the lobby of a former theater.  It came in handy today though.  I ducked in here  for some Tazo Passion brewed tea.  It really hit the spot on on an otherwise blah afternoon.
I went around 5:30pm during the week it looked dead but the food was really good. A plate of stir fry was more than enough food for 2 people....even had leftovers! Will be coming back for more!
Good food, good atmosphere, could use some more veggie options on the menu.
It's ok. Menu maybe a little too southern authentic for me.  Steak sandwich nothing to write yelp about :  ).
Great BBQ, Sauce is great, Cole slaw is good, no complaints for me. It's a BBQ shack, so anybody expecting frills will be greatly disappointed. It's all about the food and that is great.
Yummy toasted sandwiches. Had turkey and chedder on whole wheat. They were out of the broccoli cheddar soup which I was super bummed about. Maybe next time. The great thing is they deliver! I live right in the neighborhood so its nice for a change.
Ha! Location is so bad they created a duplicate entry to confuse people.  Read and believe bad reviews about this location's horrible service and poor quality.
This is a great value.  Automatic wash does a good job for the most part and for 5 bucks. You also get free vaccum and air blower to finish the job. They have an unlimited card you can buy if you like to wash often.
This place is the best Mediterranean food in town. Love it. When I'm not there I can't stop thinking about it. Gotta get the chicken shwarma plate, I promise you will not be sorry.
Service was lacking.  Waited for staff to do everything.  Some servers were excellent. Some were mediocre.   Food was outstanding as usual. Maitre d is amazing.  Will always go again
I never write food reviews but had to make an account to do this.  We ate there tonight and it was one of my worst experiences ever! The BarBQue pork had more fat than meat- it was awful! The onion rings are the frozen kind - not homemade.  The beef brisket was cold.  The sides were bland.
One of my favorite burger places in Phoenix. Just greasy enough and the atmosphere is very . . . atmospheric. I have a feeling Two Hippies is on their way to being a national chain of weirded-out headshop looking places that sell great burger combos for five bucks out the door.
Great patio.\nLoved the pesto and focaccia bread. \nGreat service.
Just had a second vehicle done by these guys despite a 45 minute drive to get there. Good work & honest prices. Highly recommended!
Really confusing airport.  We were just picking up a buddy adn... well... it was really confusing.\n\nLAX seems more organized than this place.\n\nThat's not good.
The chicken was overlooked. The soup was too thick. The cannoli and Creme caramel were bland and even my soda was lacking flavor. This buffet was included in a 24 hour special and it wasn't worth the special. I'll choose another buffet next time for sure.
I switched with them thinking I could save some money by bundling my package and get the same type of service I had before. NOT!! The internet service is a joke. Maybe its because I live in Fountain Hills. They shouldn't even offer the service here.
First timer here and I can't believe I actually paid $20 for a one day pass. Not even a free trial. Gym was super packed and machines were a good wait. Other than that, they've got every machine. This gym is OKAY.
Love this fresh food!  Never disappointed with the quality of the food!\nSeasonal specials using fresh market veggies are always a good choice for something new and different.  Fresh baked bread is a bonus to take home as well as grate desserts!
Very poor service and treatment of locals. Beware of this location
Really great pizza right across the street from the Hard Rock, which is great for a quick bite after a concert (or to line the stomach for a night of drinking) By the slice or pie with crazy combos and names. Totally cheap, great for the baller on a budget!
Kind of small. And that's what I love about it. Golds has always been the OG in the weight training industry. The regulars there are good people.
Great food. The restaurant feels old. I always get my food Togo. I love the pita plate for lunch.
Wow!  $50.00 for a 9 year old.  Don't come here with kids.  The quality of the food is very good, but unless you can eat more than a plate, this is not worth the price.
A few variations on classic pizza, the cheese is oddly bland, the sauce is a little sparse, but the crust is indeed perfect. One of the few places that cooks pizza long enough to get some burn on the cheese, which is necessary. Comparable to IVP, way better than Mineo's.
Lunch buffet here is not attracting as other Indian cuisines.
Went twice in the last two days. We ate at the bar the first time around 4p. Chicken wings were amazing! Fries good too. Came again for breakfast on Sunday around 1030a service was horrible but food was good.
Nice place but walls are paper thin. Heard all of our neighbors conversations. Good breakfast and conveniently located.  A previous guest had smoked in the bathroom and it smelled like it.  Staff attempted to remove the smell but it was still there.
Tiny place but delicious! Don't be fooled by the neighborhood.\nI got the veggie pizza and it was so good!\nThe service was great, the owner himself was out there refilling my drink.\nReasonable prices too!
The ONLY place in the East Valley that I would eat Chinese Food!  \n\nSuzie and Mike have a helluva way of great service and turn out the best food money can buy!  Great if you are on a budget and even better when you need WonTon for flu!
Excellent customer service. Out hookah lasted 4 hours straight without needing to blow it out or rotate the coals. The food is ABSOLUTELY delicious! They offer alcohol and there are TVs to watch the sports. The staff will do anything to satisfy you. They are very welcoming and considerate! All their food is fresh!!!
Food was ok, not to bad , but the service was bad. The waitress didn't even know what ginger is . And take long time for us to get the food . The sushi not as good as before now . I used to go there every week  :(
The place is huge! Clean, busy fun and worth the price to stay.. Lots of good restaurants!
OMG this place is so good. My friend and I went yesterday for the first time and I really enjoyed it. The wait is long but worth it. I had the sausage and eggs breakfast with a small stack of banana pancakes so good.
Found hair in my sub. We're professional about it and refunded me. Nice and friendly staff
Fun atmosphere. Good food. Great drinks. Make sure to check out the menu before since it wasn't huge. Definitely recommended.
Great Chicken Soup!
Fresh ingredients, delicious sandwiches, friendly staff.
I had a breakfast there once. The food wasn't good,the selections were limited and it was expensive.
The thin-crust was super-thin, possibly the thinnest in Tempe. It also tasted like cardboard, the finest cardboard in Tempe. Definitely more \"bistro\" than \"pizza bistro\" I will not return.
Very good food, but often horrible understaffed. Will not be visiting again after waiting forever for lunch.
Went here for my first boba milk tea drink, and it did not disappoint! It was very good and the tapioca pearls were delicious! Will gladly come back!
Thank you for the very thorough adjustments! Very personalized care. I have been enjoying the benefits of Chiropractic care for over 30 years now and Josh is GREAT.
excellent pizza and wings.
I go to Tea Lite Cafe for lunch and I have always enjoyed it. It is priced right and they get you your food quickly. If you are looking for some Pho I would recommend this place to anyone. The flavor is good. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because it did not blow me away.
Skip this place. horrible derive
Best dive in south Scottsdale!!! It's the modern day \"Cheers\"!!!! The prices are great, lots of tv's, awesome patio with plenty of seats, fire-pits, and Jenga, and there's a touch tunes so the music is up to you.
I went to this nice ice cream story last night with my cousin, and while it is nothing special, yet the ice cream was good.  I had the Pitsacho almond with sugar cone.  It is a good internet cafe too, not a whole lot of people.  Friendly atmosphere, price was right.
Affordable! Awesome crust, yummy! I had the chicken pest no cheese and it was yummy... Healthy alternative to pizza. My husband and I will be back for more.
I went back to Preloved today and did some more damage to my credit card. The retail manager, Colin, was incredibly sweet again. I really wish I could import this shop to the Bay Area!
Was not that impressed with this place.  The food is nearly exactly the same as Swiss Chalet, only double the price and not as tasty.  The food itself was pretty bland.  The atmophere was pretty nice though.
I give the place 3 stars because the classes are good and they have a lot of time slots. However, based on cleanliness and general upkeep I give ZERO stars! its so dirty and unkempt, if I did not live down the block I wouldn't be a member, its just too convenient for me to leave.
This place has so many vegetarian options that it is overwhelming.\nThe service and food are both spectacular. I can't seem to order anything but the General Tso \"chicken\", it is to die for!\n\nGreat lunch specials.
Amazing beers, yummy food & friendly staff!  Favorites here are the curds and mac & cheese.
I will admit it was a rocky start. However after the general manager, Derek, brought us back into the restaurant, we had an amazing experience. The food is amazing, the servers are fun and knowledgeable and we even made friends with our neighboring table. We will definitely be back again and again to see what this amazing chef comes up with.
One of the worst lounges I have ever been to. Terrible service and way over priced. The girls got 3 free drink tickets and I was holding my girlfriend's drink she got whole while she was in the restroom and they took it away from me. I was NOT drunk or drinking from her cup but they still took it away.
This place has such a nice selection of salami that I would go back just for that!  My husband enjoys the great prices on the variety of Eastern European beers they have.   Be sure to check out the various dumplings they have in the frozen section, we really enjoy these and they taste very fresh.
Basically a glorified all you can eat buffet. I think they try to overwhelm you with so much food so that you don't realize that it's all pretty mediocre.\n\nZero ambiance.\n\nHope you like meat.
Quick service, excellent value for money.
The best chocolate and brunch restaurant. Its a great place to hang out with friends and enjoy all kinds of chocolate foods including pancakes, foundues, chocolate pizzas and much more! Go check it out you wont regret it!!
Horrible service, stay away!!!
Hands down, my favorite restaurant in Scottsdale.  The service, the ambience, the food, the drinks...yum!
Great service, great food. The lamb was soooooooo good. And the crab cake app? Have it.
I've only been to the vodka bar, but I will say that it is pricey, but a fun place to visit if you are in town
I love the customer here, it's kind of slow but overall it's great. Terry the handle an issue I had with an take out order that really made my day.
It was very good. We had chili, macaroni and cheese, and butternut squash lasagna. The people were friendly and the service was good.
Are you kidding me, this food was atrocious, no wonder it went out of business in Idaho!  Save your money, and your time.  Go to KFC order their chicken and their macaroni and cheese it is on an even level of taste and flavor.
Boston roll was pretty good, but the Teppanyaki was great. Brendan was our table chef. He made an excellent meal and entertained the entire table. We'll definitely go back.
Very disappointing. Not a good value for the money. Food is mediocre and tasteless \nThe service is poor also. I would not recommend this restaurant. Mc Donald's is better and I don't like that place :(\nWho ever heard of restaurant not having coffee????
Not great, not bad. Pretty expensive for pizza, but then again it is a pizza spot in a major casino on the Las Vegas Strip. The pizza it's self is pretty good, a little less grease would be nice though.
I love coming here! The food is great and filling! I always get the P3 and with cilantro and jalapenos with siracha sauce you can't go wrong! I just wished it wasn't so hot in PHX or I would be coming here more often!
I so love it... Great food nice and fresh
We used to stay here as a jeep club some years ago and really like it. Times have changed. An investment group has taken over and the friendly atmosphere is missing. Wifi is non existant unless you are in the office. Signs of aging. Staff is not very friendly.
Great place to visit.   Urge you to visit the Desert Botanical Garden.   Want to see desert plants in their habitat; this is the place to go.   Make the Desert Botanical Garden you next trip.       I know you will enjoy the visit.
The chicken was fresh and very tasty first time there but greasy cant make it a habit
Took my kids here for early sun dinner, they loved it! We had a blast!
Truly stellar alteration service. I brought my bridal gown in for alterations: the prices are very reasonable, service is fast and professional--and Darlene is a delight. I will be coming here for all my future alteration needs!
It's not often when you have high expectations for a first time visit , and the staff and food EXCEEDED those expectations  from Karen , Melissa and the friendly bartender and !  Try the white pizza with salami - ( DiNotte ) out of this world , great salads - all fresh ingredients!!
Line is long. Super buzz kill waiting that long for a frozen / hot chocolate. Worth a try though if you are willing to wait. It has a primo location and it was on the FOOD NETWORK!\n\nGrade: B-
Fancy fancy! It was a little much for my taste, but it's definitely nice for a nice meal out. I prefer more laid back establishments. :-)
Food is good, still their service lacks, took an hour to get food, no apology, no explanation and there was maybe 4 other tables of people
Best Burger in Vegas!!!!\nThanks god there is a burger paradise in Vegas!!!!!at least this Place is always Great. \n\nGreat Service.
This is an excellent little oasis of reasonable authenticity and reasonable-considering-it's-in-an-airport prices. I eat here whenever I fly through PHX, at least, whenever I have time to make it to D concourse.
I love the spicy chicken teriyaki low carb plate. It's a different take on Japanese food. The vegetables very good w the cabbage. Try it!  The yokisaba and the regular chicken teriyaki plates are very good as well.  Good quality ingredients and it shows in the final product.  Yummy!
Very fast friendly service. Didn't have sprinkled donuts at 9am but it's all good. Coffee was great. Place was clean looking.
I love this location! It is extremely easy to get to and I often find myself here to check out their new styles. The prices are very reasonable and the staff is helpful.
Just go here, and order a battleship. If Kris makes it, its even better!
Ordered Steak and Blue salad--definitely not impressed and don't recommend.  Tasteless with ground up steak bits, barely recognizable as meat.
I really enjoyed this place. The guy taking orders was awesome and the red Chile is great. Its very hard to find good red Chile and they have it.
Had lunch here yesterday. Nice spot. Convenient to work. Ordered the hibachi chicken. Nothing super spectacular but The tres leches cake on the other hand is uhhhh  to die for! Not too sweet or heavy, just melts in your mouth. Simply perfect. Highly recommend!
My absolute favorite restaurant.  Flank steak sandwich, spinach dip, potato chips, and the tort.  I always want all of them and can never decide.  A must try.  And definitely sit on the patio!
High expectations, bad awful service, I sat down waitress came by took my order and that was the last I saw her. Didn't order a 5 course meal, just a burger . Come to find out my order was given to someone else..30 minutes later no food-unfortunate....what a total waste of my time!
Amazing show!!!!! I haven't laughed that hard in a long time. Worth skipping the big names of O or Zoomanity for this hilarious, more intimate acrobatic display!! The beer garden is a lot of fun too!!
I do enjoy Taco Bell from time to time but I hate to say it but the last few times its been forgettable , had one incident of a decent size piece of plastic my 4 yr old son was choking on from his order cooked Into his Mexican pizza
Love this place. Hands down my favorite sushi place in old town. Prices are great and the staff is amazing. The rice crispy roll is my favorite.
Upscale food and wine shopping and lovely patio dining. Attracts out of area patrons for their unique ambiance. Be sure to try it when you're in Belmont.
Environment is calm and collective. Employees are helpful and my massage was awesome!! Will definitely come back!
Wait service was slow. Rice was hard and not fully cooked. The Chile releno and cheese enchilada was disgusting. \n\nWill never go again.
Checked this place at night a few years ago... an original & authentic scene for live jazz.  A classy low light ambiance to this as well. This is a local's spot, so don't be touristy.
We were here looking for leg warmers and we looked for assistance for about 15 minuets a and there was no one around and the cashiers that were there when we asked where we could find the leg warmers just replied in the clothes area and continued to talk to each other. Very annoying when you try to get help and people ignore you.
I love this place. Great prices great service and great people. Hieu and Mihn are awesome, my sons even like to get their haircut at Nelson. Call an hour in advance to get on the list so you dont have to wait long for a cut and shave.
bad
Service is slow. Waiting over 20 minutes to see a banker.
There are tons of buffets in Vegas but not all of them are good. This one is total jackpot, I did the breakfast buffet and I swear I just about tasted everything and it was high quality and great tasting food. 30 bucks well spent!
I liked this place overall. Hole in the wall but good. The ribs were so so so good. Barbq sauce was good. Mac n chez was my favorite almost taste like powdered cheese. Peach cobbler was OK. Cole slaw and fries were good
Tiny portions and way bland food. Skip this one altogether.
Iron Chef has the most inexpensive sushi and it's awesome!  Don't be fooled by the menu's high prices.  Everything is at least half off with their happy hour specials that run all the time.  Their hot and spicy soup is amazing and everyone that works there is really nice.
Wonderful food.  Good portions..great price.  Ours was delivered and arrived hot.  Will recommend to anyone who will listen.
Very average pizza.  Sorry.  Wanted to like it.  Just didn't care for it too much.  If you're dying for pizza, it'll do...it's just...very average.  Sorry!
Really the best brunch in town. Hotel guests get a line pass to avoid the hour plus wait.
Tobey Keith's I Love This Bar and Grill is a great place to go for country music dancing. They had a live band and plenty of space to strut your stuff. The food was decent, very typical American cuisine, and the drink menu looked good, although I didn't try anything myself.
Kickin back drinking a can of Epicenter Amber beer from San Tan brewery in Chandler, AZ. Good beer. Thanks for reading.  The Bike Chaplain
Gyro is very good as well as the soulvaki\n\nPrice is very good, very inexpensive.
Came here with a pub crawl. They charged $20 for all you can drink. I paid $50. They insisted that I only gave $20. They said they had video proof, but would not show me. The end.
This place made me feel like I was back in Europe, Portugal to be exact. Drank a bottle of vinho verde, and the soup was not that good. He tapas how ever were great and staff was very friendly, the young waitress was cool and worked very hard.
Don't go late night ...ugh\nFood was absolutely horrible.\nSad thing is our service was incredible. The waiter belongs at a much nicer restaurant.
Went in for a second visit, food was ok but a little overpriced. Service wasn't great, overheard employee badmouthing the place to another employee. Descent beer selection. Server didn't know much about the beers. If they can work out the kinks this could be a cool little place.
My wife and I found Four Peaks by chance. We got lucky. The food was great, service was great, and all thr beers rocked. My wife's fav was the Heff and the Arizona Peach. We got a beer glass to remember the occasion and plan to swing by on the way out and grab a growler.
Asian tacos for happy hour. great bargain!
I think the little kwik-e-mart pizzas taste a bit better than these.  I had both peperoni and just cheese and both were somehow both drippy with grease and really really really hard to bite through.
ZERO star!!POOR Customer service!!fuckin RUDE!!!doesnt even know how to greet customers and they dont even know how to say thank you.and to that white girl,you're a bitch!!!coming from california customer!!!!!!
I had a great relaxing time here, food was good, not great. Music live band was enjoying to listen to. Very clean table, seats, floor and dinning wares. Only thing is way to dark, drinks weak.
The happy hour prices are EXCELLENT and the food is great! I really enjoyed my experience here and I will definitely return.
Never disappoints - love the cheeseburger with grilled onions and their sauce
Although the place is quite nice the service was just awful. When we had our drinks they gave us a very dirty glass. Who couldn't they notice? We waited for almost 30 minutes to have our food and to be honest it's too expensive for what you have. I'm definitely not trying again.
Good stuff, attentive friendly staff. Came here for a good quick lunch and that's exactly what I got. Got a couple of rolls and they were on point. I'll be back.
I wish I could give 0 stars. \n\nI went back today to give them another try. The service was so disgusting I walked out. (Before getting my food). \n\nSo disgusted by them. BEWARE. You will get treated like absolute shit.
I have searched for a good barber for years, I just found Omar. Best flat top in the Phoenix metro area.
The casino is cramped and gets Smokey.  Its such a small casino, the good thing is its right off the strip.  Buffet is different than most, I liked it but my friend from NY did not.
Half of my kalbi was cold and the solution to the problem was to order more and get I would get a little extra? No thank you. Portions are even smaller when ordered to go as well. What happened to this place?
If you're a certain type of Hearts fan, you would probably love this pub and call it a home away from home.\n\nIf you're anything else, just keep walking.
The food is excellent. We have been coming here for years and have never had a bad meal. The seafood is great!
Was a weekly regular. They used to have awesome wings (dry rub) , but then they screwed them up and raised the prices. Stopped going as I couldn't stand it.
Better then decent chicken fingers.  Small place with no atmosphere.  The coating on the chicken is light and not greasy.  Special sauce really good- better then I thought it would be. Waffle cut fries are tasty too with seasoning salt.  Definitely worth a trip.
Killer breakfast and excellent service!  We couldn't believe how fast our food was ready and it was hot and fresh.  I will definitely stop here again next time we come through Vegas.
My son wanted breakfast, but we had lunch. I actually enjoyed what I ate, and didnt feel stuffed like a pig when I left. \n\nIll return eventually.
Food sucks!  Horrible!!! Won't go again!
These guys who run this aren't honest but their employees are honest hard workers.
This place is great! I have been there several times and the service has always been excellant. I had a problem with my burger once and the management took care of it right away! Two thumbs up!
Five stars for the queen v one for the riviera. It's too bad this great is place is located there. It's a major ordeal to find how to get in and parked. The food and service where very good and reasonably priced the best fish and chips you will have. Shepards pie was great
Food was just okay for the amount of money you'll spend. The menu is purposefully written to trick you into spending more money. \n\nBill was one hundred dollars for some pancakes. \n\n\nDont recommend.
Food was good as always but service sucked. We occasionally get good service there but the food and price make up for it. Katie waited on us and made several mistakes from ordering wrong salads for us to forgetting to put the wings order in. No manager came by to apologies so assuming she didn't tell him about all the screw ups she did.
Not really much to write about!  They were going course runs out here!  We didn't have to pay I think it was a private event.  So we didn't deal with any workers!  Just hanging out with people in the club.
Pho was ok... Could use more flavor...
i think this place is overrated....the food is never that good and the staff is and alwas has been kind of blah! avoid if ya can and save your money...its not cheap for a sandwich shop....go next door to the next place
Came in for dinner. Our server was Luis. I frequently done out and it has been a long time since I've had the type of service that Luis provided. I haven't yet mentioned that the food was outstanding. The carne asada fajitas were absolutely amazing. This place is a must try.
Loved it!!! Seafood is my favorite. Had the \"Kitchen Sink\" and it was amazing. Service was wonderful. I would recommend this restaurant to my family and friends.
I love this place but always seem to forget about it. The rockin shrimp is an absolute must! The slider app actually makes a nice meal for the ladies. I love the salmon and my husband loves the chimichurri  skirt steak. Their happy hour is one of the best around!
Our 1st time here and we were not impressed with the drinks or service. The waitress didn't like her job & seemed annoyed.  Chips were stale and margaritas were uninspiring and served in plastic cups. Definitely not in Cabo.
Went here - place closed. Looks like remodeling or ???? No sign. Tried calling ....oh well off to The Guys Pies!
I stopped here to use the ATM.  This is not my normal place, and I dislike the parking area and the in and out nature of the traffic of Sahara.\n\nIt was OK for what I needed but it's generally out of my way and I don't stop here.
Cramped Seating, Old, and small compartment above for carry on.  At least I made it back to SFO alive!!!!  They get a star for that.
Ordered two loaded grilled, received two tortillas ... :/ thanks I guess. Won't do the drive-through here I guess ...
We have eaten here a few times.  Nothing special.
The tuna sandwich and vegetable soup were amazing! The place was bright and lively and the service extraordinary. Got to meet Patty and Jeanie, the owners, too and they have a great story. Nice spot for the local lunch club to meet. I will be back!
Best pizza in Sun Prairie!
Just OK in my book. Food did not taste fresh. It was $35.00 for 2 burgers and fries. Table were not clean. Portion was smaller than a fast food place so you pay dearly for this place being in the area it is in!
Not impressed for the price. Informative and nice wait staff. However they served us the wrong dish, which we starting eating before realizing it was not what we ordered, only to be told later when the bill was delivered we had to pay for the sushi they incorrectly delivered. Sushi was just ok...not worth the cost.
The spring rolls are out of this world. The pho is good. We went for lunch and had no problem getting a seat. Cheap and delicious.
Walked out. No conventional Italian. Most wines 250-300. And up to the the thousands. Was expecting food like its counterpart in LA. Waiter suggested we order what we want and have the Chef make it. No thanks. Way too expensive.
The worst supplier I have ever experienced.    We have four low voltage lighting systems from these guys.    Major problems with all.    Instead of working to help you solve the problems, they work very, very hard to blame everyone else- even after their manufacturer owned up to design problems.    They just don't have the customer satisfaction chip.   Go somewhere else.
The dogs were okay. By the time they added all the sauce it made the bun soggy and the dog cold. A little more on the sweet side with the sauces than savory. \n\nYou could do without the shaved ice. Pure syrup. Shaved ice is hardly \"shaved\".
This has to be a new one. \nLooks very nice and clean. \nPeople where helpful and nice. \nHas to be The best one I have ever been to.
Nacho Daddy has great vegan options. So far I've had the Cajun tofu tacos and the vegan nachos and both were delicious. Our server Kim was amazing also!
Amanda at Josephine Skaught Hairdressing is my hair Guru (in the non religious sense).  Her ideas are wonderful and I have a stylist that knows her color!  I'm very happy I found this one!
Bang for your bucks, one of the best place for all you can eat sushi Hawaiian style.  Everything was pretty fresh and in generous portions. Very little limitation on all you can eat price.  Even the breakfast menu was more than I expected.  Service is pretty decent.  Sure I'll be back here soon enough.
Amazing fun to be had! Magiquest is included in your stay...or you can go and pay to play! The waterpark is fantastic and looks like a ton of fun! I cant wait to return!
This was my first time eating here, and I have to say it was great. The food was very flavorful and the service was great. Will definately eat here again and soon.
friendly staff, nice selection. they are a little proud of there product though.
Dr. Sanders and her whole staff are prompt & go above and beyond.  It's not usual that a trip to the eye doctor is actually an enjoyable experience, but here it is.  Definitely recommend.
The food is awesome. The pad Thai dish is my favorite. Get it wig he pork. All the Thai noodle dishes are great too. Especially if you like spicy. The service is great. Just wish they would get a bigger place. They're very popular.
Great little shop! Very nice and clean, kid friendly and nice workers. It always seems like I have 100 questions and they are always so nice to me! Never made me feel like I'm asking too much :)\nLots of cloths and toys to choose from and fairly priced. Gear is constantly changing.
Kudos to Tom and the boys for a job well done. Needed new carpet in the condo. Called him on a Monday. Had a bid and samples and installed by Wednesday. No hassles, no brain damage. A job well done. Tom will be getting a call from me next time I need carpet, you can count on that.
Great location!  I love that you can substitute burger with a veggi patti and that they have gluten free bread.  Love love love the smiley cookies :)
Really bad.  Opt for Paradise Cafe & Bakery.
One of the better breakfast places on this side of town, good selection, nice staff, not too busy
It's very spacious... but I can't really describe the capacity of it's spaciousness because I went at night.\n\nFull equipped with every active deed: vball, bball, playground, skating rink.\n\nIt's kinda dirty, but it's an experienced park.
I had never been to a jewelry store to get work done on a piece, but the person I worked with made me feel comfortable enough that I didn't feel stupid.\nThey also did great work, and I'll probably go back if I want to buy any jewelry.
I'm giving four stars, but this is relative to other airport bars. The servers are always nice here and the margaritas are intoxicating. The nachos are edible. It's an airport. What do you want?
Dr. Estavillo was key in connecting us to a pre-marital counselor in our area.
This place is awesome. Low key downtown location, chill patio, and the best tasting locally made ice cream in the valley. Try the salted caramel... you won't regret it.
Yuck!  This place has great ambiance but it all goes downhill from there.  We place our order and everything shows up at the same time!   Come on.  Have you ever heard of fighting.  The food lacks subtlety. Great foods mixed with lackluster fillers and super heavy sauces.  Good grief
Food was good.  I got a Bacon and cheddar omelet.  It was descent but not excellent.  Your paying for the small cozy atmosphere.
Sorry excuse for a filebertos horrible staff carna asada full of grease carnitas full of grease dirty restaurant meat taste like it might make me sick you will be better off going to taco bell
Good time share however, needs improvement in many areas.  Managment needs to work a bit harder at organization.
Food is very good. Great home cookin' style food and large menu. Wait staff is nice however hostess and the cashier at front register almost always sour and rude. Got sarcastic remarks when trying to order take out. Too bad cuz food is good but rude staff is enough to make me not want to go back.
I love this place . The food is always good and who can say NO to cheescake :) . I like best is the service . Knowlegable staff and very resourceful . The location is fantastic .  For more info ... Read Kristen 's review . She hit it right on .
Don't waste your time or $$$ at either location, there is not one single thing about either location that is good. Service was horrific and the food was even worse.!
Same great food. Same unimpressive service.
There's nothing quite like dancing on the deck 52 stories above the strip with the summer wind blowing your hair around. It makes anyone feel like a hip hop video vixen. Yes boys, even you.
A great local gas and stop, it's super close to my house and always clean.  It's close to a lot of great places in the Northwest.  Nothing great or outstanding to report but if your out of gas or live close by it's not a bad place to stop by.
Never stay in the end room, the whole room smell likes public restroom! I changed room three times. The staff is not that professional, need more training!
Charlotte Indian restaurants are disappoitning. Cafe Nirvana, however, is a pleasant surprise. The buffet is much better in taste, variety and price than the Blue Taj down the street.
The ham and biscuit sandwich is horrible and need to be take off the market. The people's money need to be refunded its too salty. We were so disappointed when we had to get this on our layover and had to get directly on the plane.
$39.00 for two medium pizzas and an order of breadsticks. I'll save that money for a weeks worth of Pizza Hut next time.
3 shrugs, 2 blinks and an \"i dont know\"\n\nwe went based on yelp reviews. i thought this place was going to blow me away.\nthis might be the coolest bar in pittsburgh. im not sure. ive only been to a few.
I had an appointment but regardless I had to wait long-long time. They kind of ignored me for a while. The stuff was communicating with me with hand signals just like you would do with your dog. It was everything but friendly. Bad experience on my part.
Went there Sunday midday. Spent ~$13 for two \"Foods\" and a drink. My fish tacos were real good. Wife's salad was not bad either but tacos were better.\nAll in all its a pretty good and tasty value.
Have tried ordering twice..Delivery takes at least 90 minutes from order at lunch and dinner took 2 hours and 15 minutes.  Fries get were soggy. Won't give it a third try not worth the hassle.
Great place to grab breakfast on the strip! Very affordable! Service is a bit slow but not that big of a deal.
The food is good but the costumer service could use improvement. I have visited this location about 3 times and 2 of those times the waitress seemed like she didn't want to be there, we where given attitude and no one would refill our drinks. poor service Id recommend going to a different location.
So got to go on everything,  but smaller than the old one. Too many bees :/ Um, idk. Definitely pros and cons.
Stopped in by chance one day, owner was awesome! I got the lamb gyro and wasn't disappointed. If you're in the mood for Mediterranean or Greek food this is the place for you!
Deceptive business practices, so beware. They dramatize the difficulty of the job to convince you the flat rate fee is reasonable. Then the actual work is done in short order and you are left paying an enormous hourly rate. Other than what i believe are unfair billing practices, the balance of the work, scheduling, etc. are fine.
This store has a good selection. Having said that 100 percent of the saltwater fish I have bought have not lived past 24 hours. $$$ spent with nothing to show for it.  Water levels are in range and I have had no issues with other fish stores.
Went in for the 1st time not knowing what to expect and definitely the BEST donuts I've ever had.
We came across this location as we looked for food near our hotel.  It was a great location located within a shopping district, with multiple vegan friendly rolls to choose from.
Sad Frida's closed, but you can get the same \"Frida's\" margaritas across the street at Moe's. That's really the only reason my friends and I went here.
This place is small. so small that you might hit your face in the back wall if you come in running. The food is cheep and good.... I had the burger fries and drink for $499 don't go out of your way to visit them but if you pass by stop in and grab a burger
Great condo unit....really worth the time spent here...
Great Service and fresh food
Used to be a very good pub indeed but has gone down hill over the last couple of years since a change of ownership. The downstairs area has now it seems been made merely functional rather than cosy as previously so I'll not be making another visit for some time.
I love this place. It's affordable.  It's tasty. It's fish tacos. You can't beat that, unless you're in Mexico. The staff is usually very nice and the food comes out fresh and hot. I love the beans and salsa bar, too.
Cute place, decent food.  Overpriced for what you get, but that's to be expected with most places on the strip like this.  Definitely go for a drink and sit outside, maybe get something sweet to eat, and enjoy.
As always this brand consistently delivers.  My server Mauricio was there to please. The best brand to sample when u want solid food and consistent service. Hats off to this brand which knows how to satisfy customer needs.
Worth it!!! $25 isn't that bad. All you can eat meat!!! Lol and amazing service!!! A+!!!!
How in the HELL can you advertise \"champagne Brunch\" for $11.99 and not serve any breakfast in your buffet or any champagne????? 1 star for making me walk far into you hotel/casino only to reject your \"Sweet tomatoes\" type menu!!!
no .. no .. no..\n\nwill not go here for auto service again. can't even put it to words how rude they were.
Unimpressed and disappointed. There is nothing to these sandwiches. There are so many other places to get better sandwiches. Will not be returning.
Waiter got my order wrong the first time. Had to send it. back. Came back looking like they just dumped half of it. I'm just dreading what they did to my food. Waiting (movie) anyone? Food wasn't great either. Avoid.
This Place is awesome! They have Great beer and amazing food!  A must go to place in Pittsburgh!
Ack.   I don't need to wander around a store digging through a bunch of junk just to find one decent, hip shirt that's been tagged 'retro' and subsequently overpriced.\n\nI guess you can find great treasures here.  I wouldn't know.
We were looking for a good Philly cheesesteak place. This place is good fresh ingredients in sandwhich. Fries are okay not the greatest.
It's a Starbucks....\n\nEach gate section has one on the secure side.  At some gates it is centered (like A) it is located at the split.  With the C gates it is only located in one section of the C gates.
I went here for the first time today.  Thought the food was okay.  Nothing really special, but it was $5 for a burger on Sunday, so that is a good value.  Service was friendly and attentive.  Will definitely give it another try.
Although there have been certain updates to the building since it's initial opening- added fitness center, community chairs on patio, and addition of commercial business on first floor, the fire alarms continue to go off in the middle of the night and my apartment still continues to show the cheapness of poor construction.
Excellent value. Food was excellent. Good seaweed salad. Salmon skin roll very good. Here at lunch-good service.  You won't be disappointed.
Great place to watch the games. Happy hour is perfect and the bar staff rocks ! Thanks
Great food, great atmosphere and one of the classiest Persian restaurants you will see. Being from California where there are a lot of Persian restaurants the food prices are a little high compared to Cali. But its a great place to dine at for any occasion.
We have made this is a regular stop off after our annual team dinner.  Fun to go with a group and watch the girls dancing behind the screen.  It's always the debate whether they are truly nude or are wearing clothing...concensus is clothing is worn.
Service and food are top notch. This is my father/daughter place.
BEST flea market close near by!!! Charlottes best kept secret.   Great place for collectibles,  furniture & a little bit of everything under one roof.   So Clean! This place has better prices than sleepy poet.  Real people real prices!!!  Open weekends 8-4.  Awesome flea market!!
Come on.. It doesn't really get much better...
Great customer service. Spa pedicure is done right. :-)
Chicken Faliro was great and had plenty of food. Excellent hummus with pita and cucumber.  Friendly staff. \n\nCould be a little cleaner and I wish they choose between the TV audio or the tunes, was a little loud for small space. \n\nI would definitely eat there again.
Last time I was here was back in 93, hasn't changed much and neither has the fish n chips...outstanding as usual. I grew in the UK and familiar with pubs, this feels like home.
Very Clean tasting. Pleasing meal.
Long John Silvers is a great place for fried fish.  \n\nDo yourself a favor and sign up for their text messaging promotions.  Great deals for whenever you are in the mood for fried fish.
The burgers were huge and delicious! I like that they are techy savvy and send texts when your table is ready....
Good beer good food love this location. Baja sauce is awesome
Every Time I get something from where they cook food, the place is always clean and fresh food is always out. There's a lady by the name of Silvia that is incredibly nice, & keeps the spot extremely clean.
I am mystified by the glowing reviews for this place.  So-so, overpriced pizza that is no secret at all.  Just because no one named this place doesn't make it a secret.
It serves the purpose of offering up a snack and a drink.
It's a quiet spot, but plenty of table & chairs for groups. Yet, it has comfy chairs pulled up to coffee table, just the right size to eat your sandwich or use it to bring your laptop to work/study.
Great selection. Expert knowledge. Love the square wallet checkout. Super fast.
best cheese curds and custard ever. Anything with strawberry is amazing!!!
Solid as I recall it to be. Both my fiance and I had the hangar steaks with shallots on sat evening. Simply Devine.  I could not ask more of a hangar steak. Service was professional, respectful and very knowledgeable. Highly recommend to any in search of a classic french bistro in montreal!
Food at the gas station...need I say more.\n\nDecor is nothing special, but the food is what matters. Great portions for a good price.\nWill definitely come back when I need a quick fix.
This place is really nice inside but the food is nothing to brag about. The burger is very greasy and the fries are too skinny.I agree with others,real fries would be much better.
My partner and I go here about twice a month for breakfast.  While the service isn't always great we do love the breakfast.  The pancakes are fantastic, heuvos rancheros just enough spice to keep them honest and the omelettes are great!  We suggest sitting outside, it's quite and we love that.
A great place to relax and grab some simple comfort food.  Exceptionally attentive and friendly staff.  Roast beef panini was amazing.
Food was pretty good with decent prices.
The pad see ew was the worst I've ever had.  No flavor, no basil leaves, and greasy!  The Penang curry was pretty good and Tom yum was just alright.  Service was friendly.
Best fast food style chicken. They use the best ingredients and there chicken is high quality and cooked perfectly so it melts in your mouth. And amazing sauce.
Great food, margaritas are smooth, service is great. Good value. Just the perfect amount of spicy. Will come back next time.
I've been here 2 1/2 hours and haven't been served on once not even attempted to ask..and my friend had to keep going up to ask...or rather..beg for another drink...guess you have to be a regular to spend your money here
I mean, the pizza is edible, but not worth the calories.  Boring, nasty, wouldn't go there again.
Came here to get a quote on a paint job for our black 96 Integra GSR. Fantastic work on all the cars on the lot, you can tell this place is top notch.
I ordered the wild berry waffle and a little green bug crawled out of my berries on to my plate! I doubt they washed the berries before giving then to me, I lost my appetite!!
I won't lie, I've been here once or twice.  Not on par with Canadian clubs but much better than the other clubs in the valley.
I wouldn't go to this hotel. I went to Las Vegas many many times. Check out my pictures! I go to the best and worst hotels! This hotel is 2 thumbs down!
The beers are very nice.  Always good.  The pizza is deep dish and the pans are nicely seasoned as to give the crust a buttery flavor.  The service here is great.  On the down side, it can get a bit noisy with the high ceilings and hard surfaces, but hey it is casual dining.
Great neighborhood bar and grille. Friendly service, decent food, overall great place. We will be going back.
Pho Kim?  It's more like Pho Kme!!  The tastes were either bland or overly seasoned. It was also greasy!  Very rare to have grease in Vietnamese food. Also the Pho broth was really tart and acidic.  Strange taste.
Too noisy for me, service polite but very slow.....fair price, food average., perhaps sitting outside , watching fountains at Bellagio would be worth it.
Terrible experience... The server was so rude. Brought out the wrong food and gave us a hard time as a result. The food was ok... not good enough to tolerate the horrible server that is clearly dissatisfied with her life.  My biggest regret is going there twice.
Awesome food. So glad they expanded!!!!
great venue. horrible service. bartender ignores you and so do the waitresses.
Food undercooked. No ventilation in the space. My coat reminded me of the unpleasant experience for weeks..
Dinner here was really, really OK.  No, I mean it.  Absolutely adequate.  It won't hurt you at all.  You might not remember it, though.  The atmosphere is absolutely present.  Also, the service happens.
Extreme veggie drink is amazing. Great little place to grab something quick, healthy and delicious.
Dr. Stephanie Stang is the BEST!  I had a Chiropractor previous whom moved out of the state which force me to find a new Chiropractor.  She's very kind and really cares about your overall well-being.  I highly recommend her!
Queen's Feast Friday night.  As usual delicious food. And a knowledgeable and personable server, Daniel.  Have been going here for many years and always enjoy the experience. Food is fresh and Italian (not wanna-be) I know that because I am too.
IKEA is fun to walk through, but for me that is the extent of it. My personal style does not include the sterile college dorm look. But it is fun to see what odd little things they have in the bins. Now that I think of it, I did by some cable lighting for my garage there a few years ago.
Very average, will not be back, there's better food out there for less.
Oh Teavana how you satisfy my craving for all tea flavors alike. How dare you tempt me with iced or hot teas! You overwhelm my aromatic senses with your deliciousness. I am addicted to this place! Whether hot or cold me and tea are the best of friends. :)
Always good and great lunch specials.
This place is a great value!  The food is tasty and the service is awesome.  Portion size is very generous.  My only gripe is that the dining room is less clean than I would like.  If it were cleaner I'd give this place 5 stars.  Great place for lunch or a quick dinner.
Food and service is was bad. The food has no flavor and the meat wasn't fresh. Only good thing is the salsa
Excellent breakfast and lunch... Traditional American style.  Friendly waitress too.  Recommended.
Be sure to come on Tuesday through Friday or it can be kinda pricey.
I finally found an honest and friendly auto mechanic in the city of Las Vegas. Been here twice and A2 auto has already saved me thousands of dollars in repairs on my Scion compared to the dealership.
Nice people, friendly service... going back soon for me... lol
This is the worst restaurant experience I've ever had! Not only is this place super slow in service but the food was not fresh!
I live in Burbank and there is another Morton's there so we had better food here in Burbank. Vegas Morton's food was ok.
Although we had a 30 minute wait for our Pizza, the pizza was pretty good and not at all unreasonably priced. It isn't the best pizza by far, but it is tasty and good value. \nIt is conveniently located on the second floor of New York, N.Y. near the escalators.
I enjoyed a crepe for breakfast this morning and it was delicious!  They are actually huge and quite filling - I probably only ate half of it.  They take a little while to make, but I felt it was worth the wait for sure!
This place is for people whose palate has yet to evolve beyond Spaghetti-Ohs.\nDeli products are overpriced.\nAnd the sandwiches are as disappointing as my effort in the bedroom. \nNot really.\n\nYeah...really.\n[sigh]
Food-Great.  Beer-Great.  Service-Absolutely Terrible.  Ryan M was our server and everything was a challenge, drink refills happened finally as checks came along, took 15 minutes to get credit card processed, and never even offered desert.  It is a shame that such a good restaurant had such terrible service.
Best food ever!!! Just like when I was a kid!
Always love the all-you-can-eat from 2pm-9pm. We just visit this place for this reason, had they not have this kind of promo, we're not going to waffle house. Staff are generally accommodating.
Slow service, cold food, and no manager to be found....  Not a good experience.  This place is usually ALOT better!
Had dinner and appts last night... Was really nice, the service was fantastic. Had a combo sushi appetizer of salmon, tuna, halibut that was delicious with a glass of champagne! Very nice experience over all.
Very bad customer service. Look out for the lady ismara behind the counter. She's the wetzel pretzel devil!
All the food is great. Best Mexican food. Everything is freshly made. Guacamole and chorizo are the best. People are very friendly too.
The space is so relaxing and quiet. Andy has been doing my nails/toes for years...he is simply the best. The detail is great and the massage is the best!!! Come see Andy or Tanya.
The only time I ever come here is after a late night out. The food is mediocre at best. Should rename to: Cafeteria Vettro
Service here is usually great.  But i donno the food doesnt really sell me on anything super duper spectacular.  It's a nice place to hit if you have pizza fans with you at town square.  But personally i'd rather go down the street to claim jumper or yardhouse.
Decent rooms which were clean and roomy enough.  Desk personnel were helpful and friendly.  Close to the airport however, not many restaurants within walking distance.  Price was a little higher then expected.  I would stay here again.
I would say that this is the best Hawaiian restaurant.  Reasonable price and prompt service.  Portions are massive.  Too massive.
Staff are great!
I know live in Vegas and always wanted to try pinks. It's nothing special. I'd rather buy a better tasting & more robust hotdog & a drink @ Costco for just $1.50 than spend $6-$7 for something less appealing @ pinks.
They close at 9pm with a 24 hour window after that.  So if you're hoping to pop in late just to say you did, check their hours first.
Service was great as usual, Thanks Marlene!\n\nNew chef burned all the food!  Not so good!
Don't do the nachos. Pretty generic Sysco canned cheese and chips.\nGood service at the bar tho. Shannon was great.\nI've ate here before and good service and good but you can tell some/most of the stuff is Sysco food.
Great downtown spot, and the owners really make it a cool and friendly spot. Lots of wine, nice solid little selection of beers, very good food (never had a bad thing yet) and amazing garlic fries!\n\nGreat neighborhood hangout
I order chicken and shrimp pad thai togo. came home and open the box, all I see is noodle, chickens and bean sprouts. did they forget the shrimps??? the chickens are dry and the noodle is mushy. will not order again
Price was reasonable, Food was \"warm\" (not hot)  Selection and service could have been better.\nWe have had better, but for the price it's okay, probably will not go back.
Lilac is the best groomer in town. Wouldn't go anywhere else.
If you like smoky low life atmosphere.. then this is the place for you.  Bartender not too friendly and it's a dump!
Just your average Wal-Mart what else can I say? Service prices all the same. Nothing different here than any other Wal-Mart.
Love the vibe! Good place to go to hang out with the friends and have a drink at the bar. Also good for a night out with the family as well. Def go check the place out!! Lots of beers on draft, great menu, and good prices!!!
Very tasty Jack Daniel's burger after conquering Mont Royal!!!  Good wings as well.
Went to happy hour.  The waiter at the bar was great!   Food was good.  Appetizer Sonoma goat cheese torta.  Entree  scallops with broccolini and asparagus.   Plus a glass of red wine.
This place is a disaster. Stopped for lunch right at noon. The entire staff was in the back while the line kept building. Five minutes before anyone came out. The food was mediocre and the staff was very disorganized. Appeared to me that some definite training is in order.
summing this place up: minimal decor, happy staff, chill drinks, friendly crowd = good vibes.
Great hot dog and chicken panini to-go!! Couldn't wait to write a review before I ate my chocolate-chocolate chip cookie.
Food is good but had a gift card and apparently they are location specific gift cards very stupid u offer gift cards they should be good at all your locations even if they are independently owned and operated
soggy pizza and no wine selection? What kind of pizza place is this???
The sweet and sour soup is super duper!
Stinks of piss and has various petty criminals loitering around outside.\n\nWill do for me.
Food are little bit salty but the service is great. If you prefer something more special to try than buffet. Stratta would be a not bad to try. I highly recommended the tata beef appetizer.
Kitchen seems to really hold up speed of service.  Additionaly, service staff seem overwhelmed by a normal busy breakfast shift. Late giving menus,  slow to ask for your drink order etc.  The food is of good quality. Menu is as expected for a corner diner. But dang, the service is off putting!
A fantastic stop in LV. I have never been disappointed by a Todd English restaurant. Great mix of sandwich and international beer menu. Sliders (roast beef and burgers) are both excellent. And the Junk Chips are a real winner. Good service and nice decor makes this a 4 Star in my book.
So I went to another pizza place in the afternoon and was soo disappointed and upset. So came to Enzo for dinner & was much happier. They're new worker here and kind of slow. Had to tell the guy to make my pizza HOT not warm. Had 3 slices. I know much a fattie hehee
This place is awesome! Stayed here for 4 hours having great coffee and great company. The staff was super friendly and nice. My new favorite coffee spot for sure!
I can't anymore. It's too busy here and service is not as fast as other Mickey D's with this kind of volume. Customers are rude too.
AZ Biltmore Resort ....Always classic. Always classy.
I like this place and will try it again.  One of the biggest portions of pho I've ever tried to cram down my soup hole (mouth)
Milkshake was awesome!  Try the dulce de leche. It was the perfect combo of sweet and a little bit of caramel saltiness.  Burger was flavorful too. Adding the caramelized onions and cheese was the way to go.
Just tried the new Panera menu and it was good. Soup and sandwiches are good and the service was great. And you still get cookies with your sandwich order. Good place to eat!
What a nice place, great staff my waitress Lindsey was very nice.  Always a treat to get a perfectly cooked sunny side egg, and the hash wasn't too bad either.
Had a drive for a fast food and decided to stop here. Nothing more, nothing else. Whopper was good. They have a new soda machine - fun to play with
The beer selection sucks and the little bit of food I have had here was unimpressive. BUT! A good place to people watch? And be watched? If you're into that.
Not my kind of Chinese food, all dishes over sauced.  Won ton soup broth thin on flavor.
Was staying at encore so I popped in for lunch.  I had high expectations it fell flat.  Dare I say pf changs is better?  Not impressed for the money much better options in Wynn/encore for lunch.
I really like this airport. They have done a great job remodeling and upgrading it. It's nice and clean. The tram system is very smooth easy to use. Lots of shops and bathrooms. Plenty of restaurants and bars to relax in. They also have a few enclosed smoking areas if you have to smoke.
I gave this place 1 star because of the salsa.  Other than that this was most likely one of the worst places I've eaten...and the service was horrible as well. Frozen, soggy. The rasberry tea had no flavor.  People...really...do not go here!!
Ok, I went again last night and tried a few new things. \n\nI had the Tuna Tataki Starter it was really realy good. \n\nTried the pork dumplings they were actually really gross I brought them back\n\nthen my usuals that I love.
Decent Alternative/Rock station that has been around a while.  I like to tune in for a nice break to the other stuff played around town.
Before you have granite work done by them, PLEASE ask to see our pictures. Terrible, extremely noticeable and customer service unprofessional.  rerr3@cox.net
Nice theater, it was clean and the chairs were pretty comfy.
Could not wait to try a butter burger. Ordered a cheddar butter burger. Was ok. Service was great.
Went on 11/28/14. Chocolate peanut butter popcorn was beyond belief. Why 2 stars? Simply put, why hire someone to work with the public who cannot or will not work with the public. The clerk acted like she could not be bothered waiting on people, much less engaging in simple conversation.
Checkin out their \"going out of business sale.\" It's kind of messy in here....eek!  However, this is the most people I've seen in Borders at one time--that's pretty depressing!
This is the greasiest pizza I've ever had in Pittsburgh, I couldn't eat it.
Great bread and service. Nothing exceptional about the steak except for the price. For a supper club you would expect a really great steak!  although we had a coupon it still comes to over $50 bucks for two.This place missed the mark for a return visit.
Good selection of espadrilles when compared to Foot Locker which seemingly specializes in clown shoes. The service is juvenile and unfocused - thankfully I just need them to get the box in the back.
Great little restaurant. Family owned - I think? Probably the best tamales I've had. I always try to support small and local. You won't be disappointed.
Fantastic service with friendly smiling staff from the moment I walked in. Atmosphere is bright and clean. Incredibly fast service with deliciously fresh flavors. So worth the drive!
Went there and had an awesome experience. The service was perfect and the food was great!  The managers made sure the experience was an awesome one! I will be returning as often as possible!
Frozen hot chocolate, grilled cheese sandwiches, goldfishes swimming in my tomato soup, creamy mac and cheese, and one of the best chili I have tried.  Can't you tell I like this place.  My Las Vegas to go to place!
Even during the holiday rush, the staff is more than willing to help you with your selection. \n\nKeep your tags- you can only return with a gift receipt and the tags still on!
Like the outdoor seating, however the indoor environment is pretty messy and crowded. They have very good service and their hot chocolate is amazing, made with hot milk and real chocolate.
This Fresh and Easy had all the products I like but the store itself was not very clean. There was debris on the floor and outside the store. The carts were dirty with trash in them left by previous patrons. Unless this store cleans up I will have to take my business elsewhere.
Run down! Cheap looking!
I can only speak to the pizza because it's all I get here, but it's fantastic.  The Taste of Italy is a work of art.  Crispy, slightly chewy crust, delicious toppings.  Just awesome.
Tom was amazing.  \nWorth every penny of my $20/hrs + $10 tip.  I went in with a aching head, neck, back, legs and foot.  After an hour with Tom, I come out feeling relaxed without any ache and pain.
Its been a few years since I've been, but damn this pizza was good!. I remember it gets really hot (in the summer) and noisy on weekend nights. Otherwise, a wonderful place to go with friends, share a bottle, eat some tasty pizza, and go home happy. Clearly a must-try.
This place is so awesome!  Great thin-crust pizza, assorted specialty pizzas and appetizers and other items.  Delivery and take-out.  Cool unique dining area.  Great affordable games.  Friendly service.  Best of the best.  Hopefully the city of Monona gets off of their power trip and gives these guys a beer license!
So much good food. We all took home half of our plates. Recommend the fries over the tater tots with anything. The banana muffin that comes with the meal was tasty and huge too!
I just found a hair in my food and the plates are always dirty I don't think we are ever coming back here also I came with 6 people and it was a lot of money it was 5 dollars for 2 cokes that's too bad because they have really good food so it gives them an advantage
Had a chili dog. \nTaste was great but for $4 not a great value. \nService was good and the place is clean. \nMarginal recommendation
Great food, great service.  This place is a winner!  Best Brooklyn Reuben ever, I'll be back
We have been patients of both Dr Kohls since we moved here in 1997.Cannot say enough good things about them.  They are extremely knowledgeable, warm, friendly, caring. I would definitely recommend.
Love the wraps but opt for the chips, which are homemade, instead of fries.  They taste like they have been sitting out too long even when they are freshly fried.  Sweet potato fries are good too.  Very nice staff and great service even when it is busy.
If you ever been traveling in the Middle East you will be hardly disappointed ... \nLooked so forward to it but the food didn't had a lot of taste.
Loved the vegan options! Great service, decor and terrific food. Would definitely go back.  But be warned you need to have deep pockets.  But that's true of all the places in the Wynn.
I've gone to this location several times and been met with bad attitudes and lazy employees. The location on Ft. Apache is much better.
If you want to see a unique pizza place, this is it.  If you want good pizza, go someplace else!
If you really like Denny's you'll love this. Just not for me, I didn't find anything special here..
The staff is friendly but this little post office struggles to accommodate the growth in Maricopa.  Parking is terrible and the lines are always present.
This is probably my favorite bar in Pittsburgh.  The pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  My only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!
walked over there for dinner saturday night and they were closed!
Typical late night college pizza.  Not bad, but not good.  Slow delivery.
Pretty standard bar food. I would not recommend it unless you were in the mood for simple fried or grilled food. Maybe a beer too if you're a middle-aged Packers fanatic. It's a cozy little old-American joint that honestly just reminds me of life in the suburbs, minus the gigantic portions.
the best fusion restaurant in vegas. beautiful decorations and interior. ask waiters for recommendations if you are not sure what to order. they will give you wonderful suggestions that will blown you away.
Love Chick-Fil-A breakfast!!! Wish they served fresh skim or 2 percent milk with their coffee. I don't like the little creamers that are non dairy. yuk
Went to the bar, no acknowledgement after a few minutes, got up and left, no body cared, to concerned w/ their wknd plans to worry about a customer leaving unserved, disappointing Sam Fox!
The food here is amazing! The beans are delicious and the salsa is so good! I'm never disappointed here! I love how they always give you chips, salsa, and soup before the meal. Also, the view is so beautiful to see when eating dinner! The staff is always very friendly- best restaurant in town!
Not as good as the one downtown Toronto. I feel that the fries are overcooked or dry half of the time. Lacks consistency.
I feef that the waitress was not trained correctly and she should never have been fired
Loved it! I found this place by accident. Great fish. The ambience is lovely. I'd definitely consider going back.
Very good food. I always go there for pho. Their curry is also not nad. My & my friend often get the three colour bean drink.
Nail salon seriously is a zero star. Basing my rating on them. A \"salon\" manicure include them rubbing lotion on your hands and lower arms... For $50.. So not worth it.  Other than that easy access to Paris.
Pizza was good but service was very slow and they weren't even business.
While I don't care for the teriyaki sauce they use on the chicken, I do like their sushi rolls. My favorite is the rainbow roll with no eel only salmon and yellowtail. Compared to higher end sushi places the prices are good and so far the sushi has been just as  good.
We were looking for a quick spot to have lunch on Saturday. They place was very quite, we sat at the bar and had fresh fast great sushi. We will definitely be returning.
Haven't been here since they've changed management. Went here  Chinese new year and to my surprise it wasn't packed. Their Dimsum is still tops for this side of town and price is just right. I do miss the baked barbequed pork buns from the previous management though. The food is still good.
Dr. Judge is great. I went from barely walking to 100% in 5 days! There was no pressure sales and it was very easy going. Prices are very reasonable and walk in schedule works great. I'm so glad I found the joint!  I wouldn't go anywhere else.
Salty!!!!!! Ordered Greek gyros salad and it was so salty couldn't finish it. Came with just a little feta, not dresses and their sauce is just sour cream. Nice service, not good food
Very personable and helpful staff here, so if you cannot find something you are looking for just ask.  Good junker place!
Got a bad prescription the first time.  Went back and got a different and better prescription from a different optimist risk.  Had to wait unacceptably long  to both order and pick up my contact lenses.  Actually left the store and came back right before closing.  Will not be back.
It's so hard to find good healthy restaurants.  I'll be coming back a lot!
I drive all the way from North Phoenix to keep coming to them. Great family who takes great care of their customers and gets to know each one.
Best food and dining experience combo in Phoenix. Great patio, drink selection, food choices and overall experience. O.H.S.O is my favorite. Bring anyone, dogs too. \n\nTry their breakfast and bloody marys.\nTheir Moscow Mule is the best I've ever had.
De-effing-licious Reuben and fries. Stopped here before seeing Mystere. Fast food, huge portions, good prices (for the Strip).
They completely butchered my straight shoulder length hair. I just wanted a trim with slight layering around the face, but I ended up with hair one inch shorter on the left side of my face, and pieces hanging down in back that they forgot to cut. I think a 6 year old could have done a better job actually.
This has got to be the slowest Bojangles in America!!! The staff sucks, and they always ask you to repeat your order like they cant hear you. If I have to repeat my order to you three friggin times I am fuckin pissed!!!
Service with a side of attitude! 20 minutes to get a beer, 40 min to get a burger. What a shame because the food is delicious but the service is absolutely horrendous.
Good truck stop dining at the right price. We love coming here on the weekends when we don't feel like cooking.
I've been here multiple times and enjoy it each time. I went during the Christmas season for their Christmas themed skating night. Fun place to take some pictures and have fun with friends. I suggest getting there when each session opens so you can get the right size and nicer shoes to use. I will definitely be coming back here.
I like baja fresh, but this location is lil bit dirty , couples of flys were disturbing me all the time.))))
Love this place! Great atmosphere, awesome set up, amazing customer service, and AMAZING food. Can't ask for much more :)
Another WOW evening at our favorite Sushi/Japanese restaurant in Green Valley. An unassuming shopping center location with fresh, tasty treats. Excellent sake selection with the option for reasonably priced flights. From the fried tofu to baked green mussels, yum, yum!!! Everything priced well.
Good Locations,Clean Place,Good  Prieces
Good thin pies. Good service. Torn booths, NO one should be seated there! I'll go back but I think it's extremely tacky. For any restaurant!
Service is terrible, kids working here don't care about their jobs and it clearly shows.  The ice cream is just like any other DQ- good but over priced.
Dark with really cool people crammed into a tight space eating bland overpriced food. Bland except for all the salt they put in their food. The drinks aren't bad but it takes a really bad bartender to mess up cocktails.
This was the first meal we enjoyed when moving to Arizona and it really sealed the deal. The food was incredible. The best Mexican my party had ever had. I enjoyed the signature dish as recommendation of the waitress and was extremely pleased. The guac was out of this world. You couldn't be disappointed coming here. Must visit.
Mediocre food. It's a buffet. Stay away!!!!\n\nI sent the sushi back and the server revealed that \"they were made off site\". FAIL!!.\n\nGo to pink taco next door.
Line was almost 15 people deep and they had ONE employee working. ONE. \n\nI didn't even attempt to wait
Great service. Great people. What else can you ask for?! I recommend this cleaners to everybody!
Some of the food is good but their service sucks. Never checked on us and it was a mission trying to flag the lady down just to pay for our bill and to get a Togo box. Plus it's a super tiny place, it's not hard to check on us. Horrible customer service.
Skip it.. we are 2 of the 4 people in this place and it's 20 min and second mimosa and no food. Not even a biscuit to tide you over. After we order our meals we are told there are no mushrooms they used them all in the Sheppard pie.. really?
Shady place!  Has 4 types of yogurt?  6 out of order machines.  Seemed very dirty, we walked out and did not even attempt to get anything.
Seems pretty cool! I walked through here on my way to Moon. My friend gambled here before...it's for high rollers. $100 blackjack hands. Too rich for my blood. All the pictures are censored! LOL!
Customer service
I love this store. I'm here every other day or so and they always have what I need. The employees know me and my kids and are always nice. The store is always clean and when there are problems they are taken care of promptly.
No openings for anyone coming in for a weekend trip to Vegas.  If demand is that high, make room.
We got the panang curry and the red curry,  both with chicken.  Flavor was excellent and the portions were great. Service was prompt and they were very friendly.  Definitely a go to for thai.
Do not be scared away by the looks of it.. This is a classic example of you can't judge a book by it's cover.  I am a huge fan of Thai and everything I have ever had here is incredible!\n\nupdate: 2013 - Service is lacking to say the least :( BUT food is still delicious
I give Midwood Smokehouse a 4 star rating, up from a 3, because of the manager response to my previous review.  I was so impressed by their dedication to quality product and service that I think it deserves another chance.  I'll let you know in a couple of weeks!!!
This place was MUCH better when it was the SOD
I had the vegan sandwich. For the price, I was expecting a fabulous sandwich. The bread was stale and the dressing made my mouth tingle for awhile after I was finished eating. Quite a disappointment.
Wow it was really really really bad do not waste your money or time wow never had such bad food ever.
On Saturday morning, at 10:00, there was only one person in line in front of me. The building was packed, however. I ordered my usual Vanilla Latte, but it tasted slightly burnt and under flavored. I was in a hurry, so I didn't ask them to fix it.
I have been coming here for years and I keep coming back. Yes, it's an older building but it feels authentic. Hot sauce is one of the best in town. Order the cheese crisp, extra cheese and extra crispy. Yum!
Great food and service. Spinach enchilada was awesome! My friend had mushroom enchilada that was great too! Highly recommend this cafe.
I love this place! I've come here for tapas for years now and still love it. Bravo!
Pad see ew is really fantastic here. I got the pad thai initially and was not a fan at all. However, now that I found \"my dish\" I've been back a few times in the last couple of weeks.
Still not open... Said they won't open for another couple months, but still don't have a set date....
One of the smaller LVACs  friendly staff and still ample equipment.  If any of these places put in a ball court they would be the ideal gyms in Vegas.
Doesn't even deserve one star!  Terrible food that we couldn't even finish. Bad service and way over priced!  Save your $$ and appetite for another place.
I was very surprised by this place.  It was totally kicked back.  Nice decor and atmosphere.  Both bartenders were very alert and super friendly.  They have this hourly bingo drawing for free play.  Surprisingly it paid out quite well for my wife and I.  The food was definitely way above my expectations as well.
Classy atmosphere and classy main courses :)  \n\nnot a fan of their appetizers though ;) \n\nNice wines as well.
Nice music, great location.
Not impressed.  Service was slow. Food was boring bar food.  Decent beer selection.
Atmosphere is nice, food is over priced for the quality. The customer service is really good. Fresh squeezed orange juice.
Just spoke to David and I have to say he was very rude and unprofessional.  I'm not use to being treated by a company in this way.  I'm typically leaving 5 star reviews so I regretfully have to say avoid this place at all cost.  Hope this helps other Yelp users.
I feel as if nothing here is clean from the food down to the workers.. Not to mention horrible service. But the food was pretty okay tasting.. Or maybe I was just really hungry? Whatever.
Our dinner consisted of a 5-course tasting menu. And, for an additional cost was paired with wines.\nAlthough the food was good, the wines could have been much better. They actually 'cheapened' the food.
Business is closed as of the end of November 2011.  The only other ones I know of are the one near Woodfield Mall in Schaumburg and maybe the one that was in Bloomington, Il.
Fabulous food! Great comfort food. Portions are huge. Staff and owner very friendly. We will be back!
Second time here and not disappointed at all. The folks here know how to provide the best in authenticity. The food, atmosphere and service are all top notch. Had combo #1 this time. Excellent! Always enjoy the Phoenix layovers thanks to Los Olivos.
If you go there during lunch time, the place is usually packed but the food is fresh and good. If you go for dinner, the place is empty and the food tastes like is prepared ahead of time.
Exceeded expectations. Our waitress Jessie was a delight. The food was Cosmopolitan French with a twist. Who knew there is savory Goat Cheese Creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e, don't miss this amazing appetizer. .
Beautiful place, but we paid $28 for 2 plain bagels and 2 OJ's.  Before tip.
Great beer selection but that's about it. Sketchy crowd, dungeon-like lighting and weird music selection.
A company that truly stands behind their work! I had an issue with my windshield that was replaced by them over seven years ago. I spoke with Billy and explained the issue. He was very understanding and regardless of the years in-between, he took care of the issue without any problems. I would highly recommend this company. Excellent customer support!
Food was okay, but too pricey for my like.
Good crepes, fast and friendly service. We tried a crepe from the sweet and from the savory side: chicken supreme crepe and nutella crepe. A great place to get your crepe fix regardless of what you're in the mood for.
Sushi here was really good, go for the crunchy shrimp. The Katsu Don was average, not anything special. Restaurant is owned chinese people, not authentic Japanese.
Green chili burro was really good!!!! The tamale was not!!!! The girl that took our order only screwed up 3 times but that's what you get for cheap food!! Have gone on a Friday night and the bar was packed.
The food and service is as shitty as it was the first time.. Actually even worse.
We had an 11:00 appointment with these guys and at 10:55 they call to say they can't come until 2:00. We even stressed that today was the only day we're available when we made the appointment. If we're starting out with service this poor, we'll pass.
The price point is well set for how much food you get. I love this place way more than panera. My favorite item on their menu is the roasted red pepper lobster soup and mixed berry creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e.
Im a fan.  Their sliders are really good and the atmosphere is cool also.  If you go there during the day you can see the Real Housewives of North Scottsdale.
BCBG outlet is a great find.  Imagine $300 dresses at $40!  My sister from England went crazy there.  Quiksilver has some great bargains too.  Better than overpriced shops at the Strip.
We had a wonderful landmark birthday celebration here for my sister and the service was impeccable, the food was fantastic and the whole experience was a night to remember.
The best burger I've ever had. I went to In and Out in AZ and in Vegas, and both were equally delicious. In and Out just can't be beat. Animal style is the way to go! INCREDIBLE.
Please will someone tell me where you can get decent sushi outside of Scottsdale!?!? This place was overpriced and the sushi was very average.
We luv Barnes & Noble!  My girls luv their kids section and they have Starbucks!  Great place to just have a cup of joe and relax!
OK to good. One of the better places to get a decent breakfast WITHOUT the corporate taste on the plate. Food is portioned on the HUGE side, and the prices are fair for the quality and quantity. Not over the top great but good enough. Menu could use some expansion. ......
People lack knowledge at this location and have a hard time finding products. Went to bevmo around the corner and they helped me find my product immediately.
Cannot beat the Thursday date night deal! Fresh food options and extremely personable service (thanks, Bryce!)... We'll be regulars :)
Great dive bar.  Complete with surly barmaid.  Awesome chintzy tiki decor.  The smell if stale beer hits you at the door and the stools are lovingly duct taped. Cash only. *muah*
Make reservations because this place is very popular. If I lived closer to this place I'd be there every week. The Mediterranean bread is unbelievable. The pizza is unconventional and fabulous. The pizza is made in a pan and flipped upside down in a bowl. Keep in mind they are big portions.
Just went here for the first time during brunch. I had a great experience; everything from our food to our service. The prices are decent and the menu is diverse. Check this place out if you're in the central Phoenix area!
Coach & Willie's is neither wonderful nor awful. It's clean, the food is average (nothing spectacular) and the drinks are ok. It's a safe bet if you are in downtown Chandler, but if you're looking for something with a little more pizazz or character try some place else.
Justin did my nails and did a great job! Not a talkative guy but I was very happy with the job he did.
Im not sure what the fuss is all about with this place. The coffee is marginal and the baked goods... almost as good as the coffee.
First cafe in Montreal. Early ih the morning, sip a polo latte. What  a day !!!!!! The decor is excellent
hmmm the guy that work up front hates his life but the club pretty fun if you have nothing better to do
Great food, awesome selections!
Buyer beware.  My recent experience with VIP is one of poor customer service.  The SR Lender never bothered to call me back or follow up with an email.  I left a message with a supervisor.  She also never took the time to respond to my complaint.  There are many other mortgage companies to pick from so stay clear of VIP.
Can't tell you how pleased we are with this full-service animal hospital. All the vets are real caring and the place is clean, well stocked, and fully staffed.\n\nThey even board animals here.
So worried about an apparent parking problem that he pushed a customer away.  There were tons of empty spots but as I was about to enter his store, owner assumed I was going to a different store.  \n\nAfter he was such a jerk, I went away.
Chorizo and Eggs Burrito freaking amazing!!!! Nuff Said
Avg filipino fast food. I grew up eating real filipino so the food is ok when u want something really quick and you dont want to cook urself
Good quality sandwiches. Tastes better than subway or other sandwich shops. Friendly and fast service.  I have not found a better sub sandwich in Las Vegas.
Manager Paul and his staff are the most friendly and caring employees in the Frys East Valley area. They always go over and beyond in customer service.
Kevin, the owner of Got Tint? has done a vehicle of mine before. He does an amazing job. I took my 2 day old 2013 Chevy Silverado and he dialed me in right. I may need to go back to fix something but I know he'll take care of me. Very professional and quick. Highly recommended.
My favorite Hong Kong style cafe in Las Vegas!\nThere are many different types of dishes and dessert as well as a large variety of  drinks. The service is quick and friendly. Also I've heard that the owners' nephew is pretty awesome :)
Went last Sunday waited an hour after ordering and waitress never said any thing to us so we asked for a take out and that took another 15 min food was ok but how about some communication
Terrible service and pretty typical bar food. I walked in around dinner time and sat at the bar. It took about 5 minutes before I was acknowledged and it was by a cranky bartender. Obviously she was having a bad day. The menu was pretty limited. Overall, is a bar with only bar food... not much more.
This was decent sushi at a reasonable price and super quick (especially for sushi) service.  I love the concept and wish I had the funds to invest in this franchise and open one up in our home area.  If there is ever a HDYR opened around me, I will be a frequent customer.
Food was average. Service was OK. Felt prices a bit steep but guessing covering cost of being on TV. Nothing wrong just nothing great.
This place has a festive environment and tasty beer but the food is rather poor.  I would not come back to eat here but simply to enjoy the ambiance of the crowd.
Neat little spot - we were too cheap for the tour and most of the items inside the shop. But everything is super nice & authentic. We probably would have\n bought more gifts there if it wasnt so spendy..
Very noisy with limited menu. Good appetizers, love the Zucca chips.
The food was ok. The service was horrible and slow. We got two burritos and we're disappointed in the size for the cost.
For 21.99 each I wouldn't have expected better food.  Half of it was cold to luke warm.  The mashed potatoes were incredible, though.  So that's one plus.  \nBut I wouldn't suggest this place.  Too expensive for the $$
I live in the neighborhood and tried this place once...it's now closed and it's not a surprise.  Can anyone open a good restaurant that's not a chain in our area?
Quick take out. This is a hidden gem. It sits back in the center.  The staff is very friendly and courteous.  The food is delicious!  I believe they offer cocktails as well.
Wonderful food, fast service, and it is consistently that way.\n\nThe chicken souvlaki is moist and flavorful. The hummus is always smooth and just garlicky enough. The spanakopita is always fresh tasting with crispy fillo.
Everyone loved this show and while I heard good things, it exceeded all of my expectations. If you are in Vegas, it's a must see.
this place sucks big time invited by one of the host here for a comped suit  lost 8600 palyin here and still got charged 1250.00 for 2 nights i will defienitly not be back very disapointed mr maloof
We always come here for our yardsticks! recommended \n\nremember to keep your yardsticks after your done with them because its cheaper for a refill!
I drove here for some dinner and doors were locked, around 8:30ish. Staff were inside and watch me try to get in. As I left their was another group of people who tried to go inside but the staff didnt acknowledge them either.
Tuesday 2 for 1 20-40 $ depending on girl etc\nOverall pretty good\nCouch and bed dances\n\nKk
A little tricky to find, it's right next to the QT. Great price on my new vapor mod. Lots of ejuice and everything in between. Excellent customer service. Ever changing inventory. Happy to have found them.
Great place for a burger and a beer.  The bison burger is my favorite for a leaner alternative to beef but I'm not crazy about the chicken sandwiches.  They also have great build your own salads with very fresh ingredients.  This place seems to always be packed so I would call ahead to see what the wait time is.
Exceptional food. Great flavor, good prices and the cuisine is ' simply' good.  Can't wait to try the grilled fish tacos next time.
This is my other go-to karaoke bar! The food, service, and song selections are great. It doesn't smell funky like Zizzy does, which is a big plus. \n\nFor an interesting surprise, go to the bathroom and check out the wall decor lol
We all love it, the kids had a great time in the Pool, Love the way the suite set up.\nNice and clean room.. \nService was excellent. Will stay here again.
This is the original.  Do not be fooled by other imitation chain Ah So's.   Quality food with staff that remembers you from previous visits.  We have been going here for over 10 years and are still big fans.
Best Ballpark in MLB!  This is a can't miss ballpark. Ticket prices are fair and the view and environment is fantastic. I have been to about 30 different MLB stadiums and this is one of my favorites. Be sure to visit all the statues around the stadium!
So so yogurt and with one on every corner you really have to make yourself stand out. I thought the kid behind the counter was friendly and helpful. The toppings and yogurt selections are once again so so. Does anyone else find it odd this business is categorized under Ethiopian food?
Oh my goodness, the salmon-wich is fabulous!  Awesome smoked salmon with amazing avocado dressing and scrumptious bread.   Amazing!!
punch bowl!!!  until 8;00 you may enjoy 10 times the booze for the price of one happy hour cocktail!  take advantage of these guys!   ask for the punchbowl.
$4.99 with station card for breakfast buffet. Not bad.
Not the 5 star experience I was anticipating. Good food. Fair atmosphere. Fair choices. Fair hospitality.
I've been looking for Japanese cuisine restaurant at UIUC for the recent two weeks. It's a great place to visit if u wanna have sth special here
I can make this very plain and simple. Amazing atmosphere... and really great Filet Mignon. One of my favorite steakhouses in Vegas.
Brand new but super confusing, with too many complicated and unappetizing offerings. Took me three fricken rotations through the stations just to find the bacon and eggs benedict were not to be found. Super dissapointing for $20 breakfast!
I went to cuttlefish during restaurant weekend expecting them to be busy and not so attentive, but The service I received was outstanding. The servers made sure I had everything I ordered. The food was amazing. I can't wait to come back and try something new on their menu!!!!
I've been before and the food is okay. Today however I'm reviewing the service. After seating at the bar patiently waiting for service I decided to leave after the bartender did not acknowledge my presence and went on to serve guest that arrived after me. The host at the door were no better and very unpleasant.
Had tri-tip and ribs with macaroni salad and yams. Meat was super tender and flavorful, best barbeque I've ever had. Sides were great, too.
They kept saying everything was out of order. But understandable it was new year day. The pho is good.
Horrible customer service! Snickers behind your back as if you can't hear/see them. FYI bitches, i aint deaf/blind!
It's a golf haven. The staff is extremely attentive and friendly. The year membership is worth every penny. Never had a problem finding an open practice bay.
The service was friendly and efficient, but the food was just ok.  For all of the dining choices in Vegas, I would not run back to this place!  There are other Mexican restaurants with better food and atmosphere.
excellent food and good specials - it's just that the silverware is usually dirty and there have been flies in the restaurant.
Terrible, terrible service.  sloppy work - uneven filing, polish uneven.  impersonal and rude service.  Will not go back.
This library is depressing. The hours suck, (Scottsdale Libraries are open much later.) It's hot, and it's always overcrowded. The selection is disappointing, and it's hardly silent. It really sucks, because it's within walking distance of my house.
Just went to copa tan for the first time today and I really like it. Did a walk through and saw each bed and what they have to offer. The lady was super nice and helpful with picking a tanning package! I would recommend this place to a friend or family member.
Never dining here again no matter how good the food is....My sister got a stomach ache and mild food poisoning from lunch. We had tom yum soup and the mongolian beef. NEVER again!!! SO SAD!
Must go! while in vegas.
;)
Tonight I ordered the stuffed chicken.  The chicken came with the open pocket for stuffing in the chicken, but there was not a drop of stuffing.  This shows me that quality is clearly not a top priority for them.  The restaurant is crowded and loud and difficult to enjoy a meal in.  I was not impressed at all and will probably not go back.
Wife and I sat at the bar.  Kevin was our server.  Thanks Kevin and Dzu.  Loved everything.  Beast roll with soft shell crab was awesome.  We enjoyed the scallop dynamite roll.  The chimichanga roll was tasty and unique.  Great night out.  Love the Sapporo beer as well.
This was a fun outing our first night out in Vegas.  Great prices on beers and burgers.  A great place for a fun night with friends.  Service was friendly and the ambiance is fun and relaxed.  Highly recommended for an informal night out!
Great Food, Fast Service! Don't let the looks scare you. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed!
Most delicious hamburger on the planet. We love it here!
Great as always, and kids eat free!
Sat down and ordered a drink. Drink came. Olive oil came. No bread. Waiting 14 minutes for waiter to come back and take order. He didnt. It wasnt even busy. He was up at the front on the phone. I left $10 on the table and walked out in disgust.
Amy shaped my eyebrows extremely well and was very friendly. However, after the appointment, there was still some hairs that I had to go back through and pluck that she had missed. I will definitely go back but next time I'll be sure to make sure I'm completely satisfied before leaving.
The owner was really nice. But for this price I felt like I was getting robbed with out a gun. Much rather  get a pizza. Also the masa was very dry something they must fix.
Entenstopfleber: pfui!!!\nIn Deutschland ist die Produktion aus gutem Grund verboten!\nKleines Lob: inzwischen 2 vegetarische Hauptgerichte
Nothing but good things to say! We recently visited Vegas and actually ate twice. First time with a large crowd of about 20. No issues accommodating us. Favs --chizoro house hash and the chicken house hash. The brown sugar flapjack was amazing!  Unbelievable bang for your buck!
We eat a Cousin Vinny's anytime we are in Peoria visiting family.  The pizza is always delicious and the service is great too. \n\nPlus, we were able to sit on the patio with our dog.  We entered using the gate on the side and of course our dog knows his manners at a restaurant.
Another new food stall in Mekong Plaza.  Chinese. Short but interesting menu.  Everything is \"home made\" including the noodles.  Pretty good.  3 1/2 rounded up to 4.
Wings were delicious at the moment but I ended up getting killer food poisoning and was horribly sick the day after.
Good and unique breakfast choices on menu ..Its usually crowded but its because its a popular place. Its very busy always but the food is great. Its worth the wait...I will return..
Casual atmosphere, order at the counter and they bring it to you.  Burgers are fresh and hot.  Order the cheese curds, it is an extra $1 with your basket, but they are like mini cheese sticks!\nThe custard (ice cream!) is smooth and made on site. Great as shakes too.
Did what they promised.
Wrong store! Sorry!
The service is okay but the food was over salted (MSG) some. Late night they get really busy and it feels like a fast food place. Not many options late at night so this will do.
Very friendly bar staff who were even willing to show the US Open golf in between World Cup games. Would return for sure!
We normally regular the Parkwest Harkins so that is what I am comparing it too. It is not as clean or orderly as the Parkwest location. The bathrooms were dirty and there were lots of junk on the floor. Still just okay though!
My favorite place to eat in Madison. Amazing Turkish food for very reasonable prices. Everyone I take here enjoys the meal, even if they've never eaten Mediterranean before.\n\nThe Lamb Curry is to die for. \nI also enjoy the Turkish coffee.
Best Mac-n-cheese I've ever had. Plus, they have shorty's of draft beer for lightweights like me.
This is a nice Starbucks location: friendly baristas, and it's big enough to sit and stay for a while on the cushy chairs. Only drawback of this location is the limited parking.
Pretty good if you don't mind the crowds and you know what you're looking for.
Minced pork on rice was somewhat authentic. But some of our order never came even after 3 reminders in an empty restaurant. \nWould rather go to the  2 surrounding restaurants.
Could use some more poles. Also, our promoter promised us a table, but did not follow through. Outing with out-of-towners could have been better
Just go to Inn& Out across the street. It will save you money, time, a bad stomach ache and a terrible yelp review.
This place is great. An owner operated bar with great specials for great food. Fajita special on Monday is great and the burgers on Saturday are half priced and the best around. Do it, you will thank me for it. Quality all around.
The Fashion Show Mall Is very nice with It's shic-modern decor and can definitely appeal to the visitors eye...however locals know that for good deals this not the best place for It...although they do have GREAT deals sometimes and the food court has a WIDE variety of eateries.
What a great spot! We had Sunday brunch there . . . Eggs Benie with Sweet Pepper Hollandaise Sauce. YUUUUUMMMMM!
Solid experience, a mom and pop style breakfast place. Not the best breakfast I've ever had but also not the worst, everything was good, friendly staff as well.
WHAT THE HELL?? We're regulars no more after our last visit.  Thoroughly ignored by the wait staff and nary an apology.  We will not go back!
Although pricey...they do an awesome job and you get what you pay for! I've looked into cheaper grooming and the positive reviews compared to negative were not worth me taking my dogs elsewhere!!! Thank you pet smart!!! You guys rock!!!!
The food is just as great as the Penn Avenue location, but it gets an extra star for being CLEAN.  This time I tried a sausage sandwich.  Not as good as the Rothlesburger.  The fries are awesome.
Great show.  Very entertaining.  My husband and I have seen it twice.  The current singer is Jaime Lynch who is fantastic, but we LOVED Lorena Peril.  \nSexy, funny and entertaining.  This is what VEGAS is all about.
Went for happy hour. The prices were good but the food was not good. Not real crab. Every roll we had fell apart.  One of the things we ordered came out looking like (and smelling like) a pile of cat food. Rolls were buried under the pile. \n\nService was good.
What Korina says about this place is dead-on!\nhttp://www.yelp.com/biz/west-marine-phoenix#hrid:dXDOGM1mJC4GnsWtjq4h8Q
Great service at the bar!  Friendly staff.  Pork and Steak were amazing.  Best cheese curds I've had since moving here.  Love love love!
Just love this place! The sushi is the best in the east valley and NOW they have teppan tables. The chef Hieu can really entertain both young and well....mature! Good is consistent and delish!
Although Diamond Resorts gives you the opportunity to experience vacation ownership at a high level, to do so is extremely costly. To purchase the necessary points is way too costly...over the top costly, not to mention the yearly maintenance fees. Diamond has priced themselves out of the average person's budget!
Great food with an even greater view, that was only diminished by the loud noisy environment. Perfect service.
I can understand no one in a movie under 21 where liqueur is sold. But if your going to be strict on that then also do your other job and keep kids under the age of 10 out of R rated movies
After hiking a mile to it!! Closed till spring!' 0 stars.   Don't say your hours and post your open when your not !!!!
Totally worth the Monaghelia Incline ride to come up here.\n\nGreat little walk for visitors.\n\nIf I moved here, I would totally buy a house on this block!
This place is pretty awesome. The balcony has an awesome view! The music was a mix of hip hop and house. I had a great time up here. Getting free drinks from my buddies was also a plus! If you go up, definitely stand on the glass at the balcony. It's sort os freaky.
Purely boring.\n\nOver packed.  Overpriced.  Over hyped.  Save you money to blow at blackjack.
Clean restaurant, friendly staff. The food is good when they get my order correct, which is about half the time. I usually order my food to go and it sits on the food counter waiting to be bagged longer that it should. The pastries are usually dried out from sitting in the open. The breakfast is good.
I like!  They have a good selection for us vegitarians, however the consistancy in the sauces is not head on.  They deliver on time and are very courteous.
Three stars because I haven't been there yet, however this place was on dirty dining tonight and received an F now it is open with an A but still 6 demerrits. Just letting everyone know before you go in maybe you want to look a little harder at the kitchen area.
Extremely caring practice. The doctors and staff are very good with our kids. We have been seeing them for 8 years. I recommend them for newborns and the great care they have taken over the years with our boys.
I was contacted by management and my complaint was taking very serious. I appreciate the fact that they read and cared about my experience. I will give them another chance when I am in Vegas. As usual I will still be chowing down at the West Hollywood location. BOMB!!
They've slipped, but still good value.  Maybe the seafood special nights are better.  Buffets are just not for me.
The Wings are pretty good. At least on Tuesdays on Wing Night. Lots of fried food. Everytime I go there I think that I will enjoy the food, but when I taste the food I remember that most of it tastes really boring. \n\nStick with the wings...
Over priced, very dark had to use my cell phone to read the menu.  Very loud, had to yell to have a coversation.  Service was very slow, we were there for over two hours not by choice.  Drinks were good, hostesses were HOT!  Would not recommend and will not go back.
Love love love this place!! Everyone is awesome and extremely accommodating. Always high quality service and products. Jessica is the best.
it was a decent place to grab a drink... i did have the french dip on one occasion but didn't find it as impressive...the breakfast quesadilla was alright... the service earned them an extra star...
loved this place... everything is sooo big and yummy ... their coffee and biscuits are to die for!!!!
Once again went to Mesa Grill and it was the best.  Had the shrimp tamale with the corn relish.  Amazing.  I was getting full with the great bread and the tamale.  Then I had the pork loin and again just barely finished it.  Solid food and the best.  My wife had a great beet salad and duck.
I love this place! The folks who work here are extremely friendly - they remembered me after just a couple of times going in! Definitely try the pomegranate-raspberry and the oatmeal cookie flavors. Some of the best flavors of any yogurt place I've been to!
Service was a little slow.  Went for dessert last night.  Had the Choc Chip Cookie Dough cheesecake.  We were served the cake right away, but sat there waiting and waiting for a check.  The cheesecake was fabulous.
What a ****hole.  Room service never picks up.  Terrence, the food service manager is completely incompetent, and Ozzie, the night manager made excuses instead of trying to satisfy the customer.
The nicest pharmacists ever - they keep me coming back because I know I can trust them and leave with a smile. Who would have thought I would have a CVS to call \"home\"?
This place was great \nLooks iffy on the outside and totally Funk on the inside.  It's looks like Gorge Clinton was the interior designer.  The food was really good and the staff was very friendly.  They are open 24 hours \"+\" very recommend.
This place is awesome!! We order probably weekly from them because it's so yummy and convient. They deliver for free, the food is always hot, fast, and super good! All the employees are also very nice. We love it and if you like chinese food you will too!!
Great place in the Phoenix Airport. Great food great service and the price was ok for an airport. Our server Sandra was TERRIFIC!
Been there a few times and never had a bad taco.  Flavor combinations are amazing.  The pork belly taco is the best taco I have ever had.
Super honest, friendly, and laid back. Brought my truck in for an alignment, but needed some very obvious additional work which they brought me into their garage to show me firsthand. Bob, is wicked knowledgeable and knows his stuff. I won't be taking my vehicles anywhere else from now on.
This place is awful! The service is disturbingly horrid! I will not be frequenting this establishment again! No Bueno!!!
Great breakfast/brunch joint. It's clean, quick & efficient, and serves above average food. I usually go for their yogurt & granola or original chop salad...so good! Hubby gets a range of things and has never been disappointed. It gets packed for a reason, especially on weekends!
Nice enough store. But there was no sales people to be found when I needed help looking for a specific item in house wares. Prices were decent.
I hate this location they can never do anything the always send me to the location on eastern. Such a waste of time and money if u ever have any issue just goto there other location they are more knowledgeable and actually have the means to fix ur phones.
If you want hepatitis this is a place where you can get it! Totally disgusting from the food to the restaurant and the waiters. This whole place should be bombed with RAID!
Finally stopped here after seeing it for years on my commute to work. I knew they had boba, so I ordered a Thai Iced Tea with boba. It was yummy! They had an extensive menu of donuts and sandwiches, so I'll be back to try more.
Run Down, dirty, I would not consider the food safe, take my kids to ORGANIC EDIBLES, to get my eggs, or Gilcrest., or even Floyed Lamb park,.... not at The Farm.. sad because it could be more...
Decent place, good food, great  atmosphere to watch a game. Thank god the karaoke was not there tonight. Service could be better, mainly faster. The servers are spread too thin, as there seem to never be enough top handle the crowd. Otherwise a decent pace too have a drink, grab a bite and watch sports.
Terrible customer service ! Learn from your other stores  and Sweetheart you are an \"employee \" not the owner
BOBA TEA! That's all I visit this place for. I can't get enough of the milk teas & smoothies with boba!
The food was good but instead of putting the naan bread out at the buffet, they brought it to your table. The problem was they didn't bring much and they were slow in bringing it. I basically go for the naan and the tiki chicken marsala. So I am not sure I'd go back.
This is the  best Chinese food in the valley bar none and I've had the chance to compare many and can only compare to some of my favorite Chinese spots from back east. Awesome fried rice, Kung pao, chow mein (white noodle) and float mignon. Highly recommend.
There was a normal busy Sunday morning crowd today. We expected the wait to be a lot longer than the 10 minutes it actually was. Love the new open dining area. We had the French toast and Denver omelette. Both were great. We will be back for sure.
Typicall bar food.  The golden wing sauce is really good.
Melinda is a gem. My wife and I were looking for something simple, and intimate and easy. Melinda made it that and much more. My wife remarked to me that people pay $100,000 for a wedding and don't necessarily get the feeling of what we enjoyed. I recommend.
This place reminds me of Queens NY  The pizza is thin and crispy great flavor and i feel like just got it in NY  Love this place
The pizza combo is value for money (@ $5.50 with 2 slices of pizza and a drink). Try their Indian style burger (Vada Pav) - It's great!
Will never be back. Look up the definition of rude and you will see a picture of the owner! I have never been so disrespected by someone...so much so that I heard what he said AFTER I left and I stopped my shopping trip and went back to confront him!!!
Popped in for a quick bite on a late Friday afternoon. Was met with superior service with a smile. Drinks were great and the poutine with aged cheddar was excellent. At least I think it was--we ate it all in 2 minutes!
The pretzels were delicious and fresh!! Yummy!!
These people here are the rudest you'll ever get,\nI happened to walk by the door and I seen up assuming it's the owner to same lady I always see so I did not go in that's the mean one.
I placed my order online...and I had no problems picking it up. The girl who helped me was very sweet. \nI was in and out of that place in two minutes. :)
My fav! I knew it was a chain but was utterly thrilled when we moved from TX to AZ and had our coffee house. Not super chill for atmosphere but great speciality drinks. Slightly expensive but a nice coffee trip out with special someone or friends.
Great atmosphere, food and service! I'm usually here every week for happy hour. Can't beat the price, especially for delightful wine.
A little rough around the edges but great breakfast and service they have a smoking area outside which inevitably drifts back inside have only had breakfast no beer on tap
A nice little Asian store that has a bunch of Asian stuff for those wanting to have some Asian flavor in their life. I was able to find the green tea that I was craving here.
Thanks for the communication Art.  The carpet looks great.  I will definitely go with this company on my next carpet replacement.  I've owed 16 plus rentals over the years and wish I had used you guys from the start.
Great service. Pizza has delicious sauce and isn't soggy, possibly due to it being a thicker crust.\nAlcohol beverage prices are way too high, beers are served in a 12 oz glass instead of pint glass.
+ not busy\n+ nice ambiance\n+ good wait service\n\n- can't beat grand luxe's selection\n- food is meh even when intoxicated\n- food comes out slowly
The decor is amazing, ordering on iPads is fun. However the service was terrible. The sushi was extremely soft. Everything that needed to be hot was lukewarm and everything that needed to be cold was, \"lukecold\".
My 1st Dinner in Vegas on 9/11/14.  Elegant.  Great service.  I went with  3 other people.  Everyone was pleased with their entrees.
This place lacks modern amenities most take for granted. That said, it is still a part of the old las Vegas that is near extinction. One can easily bypass the ridiculous check in line with the express machine if you use a credit card. This \"resort\" is also featured in many movies including casino,21
Geez....what a disappointment.  Get rid of your cute presentation and concentrate on food quality.  Wish I had asked for a refund after finding a little bug in my salad.  I was someone's guest and did t want them to feel bad
I was so looking forward to going to this restaurant.  It has a nice view of a man-made pond, but the food is barely average.  If the ambience wasn't so nice, it would get only 2 stars.
Disappointing food and atmosphere.  Everything we ordered was ill-prepared and tasted cheap.  Fried appetizers were soggy and tasteless, prices were high, service was slow.  Fast food would be a huge upgrade over what this place serves.
no offense but the waiter or the server should really need to learn that the rice and the curry should be placed into two different boxes to go!
Awesome service, great food, good brunch with kiddos
overpriced and complicated.
Nice old school diner feel. Good food and service. We were pretty lucky to walk in and get seated with no problem. The place was hopping the whole time we were there.\n\nJust another of so many great eateries in Tempe.
All the food and appirizers we ordered were good especially the grilled cheese sandwich. Great place to sit outside to eat in nice weather. Wish they had a happy hour.
Nice Pub for a quiet Drink,
The service is great, the pricing is nice, the main entrees are, meh.  Except for the pancakes and the excellent price for the shrimp cocktail, they also make a nice hot fudge sundae and the pies are good too\n\nSkip the main plates and go for the pancake and shrimp cocktail.
Celebrated by 50th birthday October 9th with my husband. We went at 3pm and had the best filet and tail, lunch prices much cheaper than dinner and we just about had the whole place to ourselves. Server very attentive to all our needs.
Bought the Groupon but was disappointed when we were told they were out of all desserts, crawfish, goat cheese, candied walnuts, etc. They even ran out of chicken. The service was good, the foo was average, but it is evident the people responsible for logistics are asleep at the wheel.
Service was a tad slow, but they didn't skimp on my vodka cocktail so it was all good.
Place has interesting atmosphere, but the service is sub par and the food is medicore. I've given them a couple of trys. There r much better and fun restaurants to go to. Perhaps someday  the owner will try and notch it up a, couple of notches and become a competitive Scottsdale style restaurant.
3 words!!   I'll BE BACK!!!!!
Yummy!  Chea took very good care of us.  We are visiting family here and will definitely go back when we return.
Great coffee and Tea selection.  Good prices for latte's, cappuccino, ect...
I don't even want to spend anymore time thinking about this store.  Only reason I'm writing this review is to make aware of the awful and unpleasant customer service.  If you don't mind waiting ridiculous amounts of time waiting to be helped then this is your place.  Otherwise spend your money elsewhere where fast service is a priority.
Pretty good restaurant. Very consistent with the other Buffalo Wild Wings locations.
Went for brunch last weekend with a friend who was visiting; I had the brioche cinnamon roll with fruit, yogurt, and honey. The fresh fruit was great, but the bun was incredibly dry and stale tasting. Their bacon, eggs, and potatoes were average. Not worth it.
Was excited to come here. Brought kids. Awful service. Nasty. Got sick. Do not recommend.
Our favorite restaurant in Vegas! The food is phenomenal, the service is excellent! There is often an hour wait for a table but it is definitely worth it.
Slowest Drive thru all the time. But location and my morning need for egg and cheese wraps has me coming back for more.
Better than KFC and even Bojangles!  Friendly staff, fast service, cheap greasy goodness all around.  Bring cash.
I was a little disappointed. My room kind of sucked and the hotel service was a little off. We had fun gambling here and there is a really fun bar to get the night started but all in all I don't plan in stating here again.
Worst party supply place ever. Service is so slow, and they practically have nothing.
It is a pricey restaurant and the food is alright. The sushi, however, are super fresh. The atmosphere is kind of rowdy, not a place for a romantic dinner. Definitely try their scallop sashimi, super fresh!
Love Peter!! My nails look amazing every time. I get so many compliments. Gotta love a nail salon that doesn't talk crap about people too.
Beautiful place, really really delicious sushi, but made me sick IMMEDIATELY. Sick all night long and felt terrible all through the following day. Not cool, sushi guru. Not cool.
Decent enough; going through construction in Terminal C for Southwest flights, so will be much nicer when it's done.
I'm a New Yorker, I have high standard in Vietnamese food. The pho wan't good at all. Spring roll not fresh. Not recommended.
Our waitress did not come help us until half an hour after we were seated and did not even apologize. The hostess had to get our drinks and tell the waitress to come take our order.
Had a great brunch here today. The owner came and personally introduced himself. You can tell that he is very passionate about cooking and creating a welcoming atmosphere. My family and I absolutely love the Gelato selection. Everything was very fresh and packed with flavor. Try this place and you won't be disappointed.
Grilled Chicken Cesar not up to par as in the past. Croutons were burnt and chicken was dry.
In a nutshell, if you need to speak to a pharmcist at this location (in person of over the phone), make sure you're dealing with Matthew (who is AWESOME).  Eric is not very friendly, and short with people.    \n\n5 Stars - Matthew\n0 Stars - Eric
weak ass old fashioned. \nlame, slow service. \nmusic was wack. \nbut if you check in using foursquare you get 2-1 drinks =)
Great Place, Good Service,
Worst Mexican food I've had in awhile.  Who puts nacho cheese in a carnitas burrito?  No good Mexican restaurant will use nacho cheese on anything!  The empanadas were cold, they tasted like they were frozen.
I was just being a baby about it not being open at 7:07..its awesome in there. And great service. Spooky drinks and Spooky shots are awesome and not crazy pricey. It's like Halloween plus carnival plus liquor in a drink. Big fan.
Great place for a drink after work.  Killer bar food.  The mac and cheese is to die for.
they gave me cold mac and cheese.
Fantastic food! Really excellent. My only suggestion for the restaurant: please serve red wine in red wine glasses. Otherwise a 5-star.
The new owners will be closing soon.\nFood poor at best.\nSlow service and very few folks eating.\nIt can not survive
Good for the price (4 tickets for $45 online). Good for kids. Older water park and rides aren't too fancy
Overpriced for the food they serve. Service was bad.
I recently ate some BBQ ribs and coleslaw, only to find out it came from Honey Bear's. I'm not sure if they changed recipes or cooks, but it certainly tasted better than it did in the past. There was more meat on the bone and the sauce wasn't overwhelming.
I'm underwhelmed. From other reviews it sounded like this place would be good to grab a salad. I got iceberg lettuce and attitude. I'd suggest you drive a little further and try somewhere else.
Small car wash located in SCW. I was very impressed with friendliness of the staff and great service.
I have nothing but good things to say about Randi and her team. They helped me find the perfect home for my family.
Drive Thru - Super friendly and always remember us and what we like to order.
They do a nice jod....but act super put out when u try to explain what you want done.....maybe they just dont understand but maybe an effort to act as if you care what the customers wants are would be nice.
The cashier Khong needs to be bitch slapped... If she wants to be in the service industry, she NEEDS a total attitude adjustment. One star for the guy who made the drinks. Keep the nasty attitude up and you will see more reviews like this...shaking head!
I have had great experiences there and not so great experiences. The first person I visited did a fantastic job! The second was just so so. I asked the front desk and was told she was new. However, they never inquired any further. I would recommend Candace, but stay away from the newbies.
Amazing!!! This place is a must.  Fantastic BBQ. Super friendly and attentive staff and don't even get me started on the sides... Bacon potato salad, corn bread and banana pudding.  This place is awesome!!!
Cool atmosphere. Drinks are quite high priced for being off the strip. ($4.00 for a canned Bud Light???)\nLower drink prices and this would get 4-5 stars...
I have always enjoyed the food here in the past but this weekend they really dropped the ball.  Our parties food was brought out at different times. By the time the last person got their meal the first person was served. I also ordered the salmon special and they forgot half of the order. By the time brought the order everything was cold.
ass juice.
I've been going here for years!! Hannah is amazing!! They have a family atmosphere and are very nice!! I went somewhere else a couple of times to be closer to home but I always go back here!! They're definitely my go-to!!
Great service! Great work. Got my windshield fixed for free! Now a loyal customer!
My review for THIS Pita Jungle was in error. It was meant for the Pita Jungle on 50th St.. in Ahwatukee.\nI apologize to this Pita Jungle location. PLEASE ignore my comments since it applies to the Pita Jungle on 50th st in Ahwatukee.
Great service.   Food potion was huge and the price is right.  Loved the Cowboy Omelet.   Shirley was great at her job.
I did not eat any meat/seafood while I was here, so what I had was not great.  I could have made it better, and it definitely left something to be desired.  The waiter was a nincompoop, but nice.  Atmosphere was great.  Drinks were very good.  Wouldn't go here again.
Clean rooms and on the strip.  I love the theme.  One thing:  You have to step up high into bathtub/shower combo.
ok, love the price, but honestly, i wait in line for sooooooooo long, it makes me feel like im gonna faint.  almost not worth the price. .. the wait, they are so slow.\n\nbut good stuff.   so 3 stars
Expensive but tasty lunch. Bold, distinct flavors, nice plating. Handsome but noisy room.
Out of all the free things to do in Vegas, this is the best. This fountain show is best at night with the lights. Whenever I'm in Vegas, I have to see this no matter what.
Old style place with a great Porterhouse for 15.99.  Can't beat that for awesome food.
Pizza. Go here if you like pizza. Pizza. : )
Cheap delicious Mexican food. At lunch, the place is filled with Spanish-speaking workers so you know it's authentic and good. Love their flour tortillas!
I've been here a handful of times over the span of a few years. They have a huge breakfast menu, and also a lunch menu. The lunch menu is mostly sandwiches and wraps. I love the decor inside and everyone is always friendly. The location is behind Denny's all the way up on the hill.
Not very happy with the meal at all. $40 for two plates, all meat was pretty dry. Portions for the money I thought was high. Coleslaw was not \"creamy\" and tasted like pickles. Overall not impressed. The desserts we got were the highlight of our take out meal.....sad!
Wow! Such inspired studio! I'm taking the guided meditation class with sunny.\nSunny is amazing! When you just enter to the door you already feel the energy :-)
We had two appetizers; spicy ricotta meatballs, zucchini fritti and a flatbread! Light and very filling.
Went back last night for some dinner, had the Mexican burger... not as good as I remember it.   Burger was super greasy, they were stingy on toppings and the prices seemed they went up a couple of dollars for a combo..  yes I'll be heading somewhere else from now on.
This has nothing to do with the quality of the wash. But they said it would take 30-45 minutes to wash my vehicle (dually) because they had to do it by hand because it wouldn't fit in the conveyor.  It's now going on 2 hours.
Good size pizza for the price...dough is made in house, the sauce needed something. Overall good pizza watering hole!!
Not impressed with their hidden 'Resort Fee'. Hotel needs remodeling. Waited 1 hour to get checked in. Will never go back.
Just visited and extremely disappointed. No mixed drinks, no Smirnoff ice and no apple pie. The apple pie is even listed on the menu. Yet the waitress said they have never served apple pie. I will never be back.
They are SO stingy with cream cheese on their bagels. I opened it up to find half the bagel covered in a minute layer of cream cheese. Not worth the $6 I payed to go home and waste my own cream cheese. Screw you, Einstein bros.
Went here for lunch the other day..had pad thai and \nEdemame.  Like everyone else says...a step above panda....i will go elsewhere for pad thai.
Best breakfast in Fountin Hills bar none! Very busy on the weekends so plan to go early. Excellent service and a great selection of breakfast entree's
We went here a double birthday and we enjoyed it. I was actually surprised. The food was wonderful and the service great. The only thing that was upsetting was the air conditioning was on and it was during the winter so the main eating room was COLD. I would go back again
Love the store here, usually come for cheap dairy products.  Enjoyed talking to different employees, treat you very nice and very friendly.
I thought their juice was okay.  They are super pricey compared to some of local competitors around Fashion Square. Almost $11 dollars for a single bottle of juice. I think I will stick with juice core or chop shop.
Very small place but well worth squeezing in. We had tacos and tostadas both were excellent.
Just gross.  Not much else to say and really no other way to say it.  If you skipped certain days of chemistry, you may be in for a brief treat as the liquid nitrogen works.  Otherwise stick to regular old ice cream and enjoy what you eat.
Not impressed at all!  Had very basic Viet dishes and they were completely lame, frozen vegetables in stir fry, iceberg lettuce was the most exotic fresh vegetable I saw. I am a Montreal visitor, I know there is good Vietnamese food here. This is not it!
it would be nice if you updated your hours so i dont have to drive 20 minutes to find you closed an hour early.
these guys have been doing it proper since day one. best customer service and best selection of boards and gear.
CLOSED :(  Feel bad for the owners and employees...they were good people.  I think the location hurt them, as did Red Ventures moving to SC.
I recently moved to vegas and wanted to car mechanic I could trust. Harun is extremely helpful and fair. I have taken my Honda civic here a couple of times and could not be happier with the service and work.
Had an awesome first experience. She was nice, gentle and kept up a little chit chat with me to fill in the awkward silence haha. Cheap too! For 20 I got my eyesbrows and lip done. :)
The shoe department in this store is a mess.  there is absolutely no organization whatsoever and it took me 20 minutes and three requests to even get some help. Once I did, the woman disappeared for about 10 minutes. Granted, it's right after the holidays but if your demand is high, you need to staff your store.
Medium rare ordered....well done received. Disappointing for a $50 plus steak.  I don't send food back to the kitchen, it frightens me. Slice of pizza will be ordered in a bit.
The only massage place that I will highly recomend to everyone. They dont waste time every minute of massage counts!
Basically a digiorno pizza with extra parmesan and garlic powder...\nIf you sign up for an $8.95 a month shoprunner account you can save $3 on the delivery fee... a monthly bill for pizza deliveries? hahaha NO
there ok
Best grits ever! And Mona Lisa is the vibrant singing waitress with a sense of humor sure make you laugh!
Over priced drinks. \nOccupants are typically 35 years old or older.... but trying to act younger. \nNot much for dancing, and not in area meant for hoping around. If you drink here, there is no where else to go. \n\nNot a fan.
Horrible. Not relaxing at all. I feel worse now than I did before. I also do not like how they treated my wife.
Onion ring was burned. 5 pieces coconut shrimp for $10.95?? Burger bun was old.  Bartender charge orange juice for my shock top beer.
This is a great restaurant! The decor makes it an intimate setting. The food is absolutely delicious & I haven't had anything bad at this place. It's worth the price! Crab cakes are simply amazing!!!
Bobby is awesome. Professional, and really tries his best to give the customer what they want for a great price.
Great food! Love love love the patio! Service is outstanding.  They have a wonderful wine list too.  Easy parking makes it easy to get in and out of Town Square.
A friend of ours is strictly vegetarian and introduced us to this restaurant. I have eaten at many vegetarian restaurants and often it feels like something is missing. That is not the case here. My favorite is the big wac, it is better than a burger by a similar name.
overpriced perhaps.\nthe lobby was smelly. the hallway was smelly.\nthe only good thing about it was its location.\n\nthe room wasnt too bad. but getting to your room itself - was gruesome. just keep holding your breath till you get to your room.
IF you are a wanna be gansta, like rude service and poor quality, over priced food......MAN, You are in for a treat. EVEN the security guards have bad attitudes!
This was some of the worst sushi I've ever had, especially for the money. I could barely get it down. The place is dumpy and depressing inside. All around terrible.
Over priced, over crowded, mediocre products. Welcome to the Las Vegas Strip.
There pizza is average. The customer service us sub-par and if you enjoy ranch or any extras bring your piggy bank.
it was good
You guys fucking suck!! I tried to give u the benefit of the doubt. But u fuckers never get my order right.. This is the last time I'm ever going back.. Fuck Lee's and the employees.
Meh... It's a nice change from IHOP when I'm craving breakfast for dinner. The portions were large, but nothing really stood out like i had hoped.  I'll be back to try their huckleberry options though for sure.
Only places worth visiting...\n\nUrban Outfitters and Burger Bar. \n\nArt of Shaving if you're a guy who shaves.\n\nOther than that, not much.
Being a valley native I have had my share of Mexican food. Sonoran is my fav and this little place does it up right. Great service and excellent red chili
Dr. Jones and Kempf the best ever!!!! They are honest and keep all 5 of my babies in good health thanks guys and gals at the front!!!!!
Great place with lots of options (breakfast, lunch or dinner). Good, consistent staff. Sometimes there's a relatively long wait, but that has improved greatly since they expanded. Favorite drink: sangria margarita swirl (it's REALLY good!!) Would definitely recommend if you're in the area!
I think I just come here just for their Meat Jun since it's hard to look for a place here in town with good Meat Jun. I love that you have a variety of sides to choose from when eating here. The noodles, sweet potato and bean sprouts are super delish. The portions are huge too!
Fabulous service.  Fabulous cleaning.  Not such great prices...but you get what you pay for.  (and they speak English!)
My husband and I have been here so many times and we fall more in love with it after each time! The food is incredible, the staff are so sweet, and the coffee is to die for. Lulu's is the kind of place that just feels like home. I love supporting local businesses, and this one is my favorite!!
Good fresh fish + Good rolls + Fresh Wasabi = I'll be back!
I wish there were more Wildflower Bread Company's around.  It has good soups (daily vegetarian selection), free wifi, and bread.  What more could a person want from a (local) chain?  Well...I would like breakfast served all day.  Is that wrong?
Excellent prices on accessories, good selection even in the common sizes and it is not a zoo... like Last Chance.
Down for remodeling\n\nSo all bets are iff until they reopen..liked it when it was open..multilevel\n\nEasy walking..good security. .mized crowed..but...al bets are off till reipen
We went for an early Sunday lunch, around 11 am. The food was excellent, delicious pastrami and very tasty matzoh ball soup. Only complaint was the service, we had to continuously ask for more coffee and water.
Seriously great pizza. Excellent service. Amazing appetizers (The pork could be a top notch meal on it's own). Great atmosphere. \n\nEat here often.  \n\nEnd Transmission.
I found Tamari over-priced. Did not enjoy the drinks at all, and the food was just OK.
Amazing breakfast and coffee. Hidden gem.
Very clean and well kept. I went there to get my cat some christmas toys... I loved their selection.
I am generous with one star. Stopped in yesterday with high hopes.
All you can drink Beer and wine included with the price of the buffet. Go to tix4tonight first to get 50% off and its the cheapest place to get drunk on the strip.
Man I ate everything bomb.com
$14.95 for a beer mid-day?  Rip off even by Strip standards.\n\nMany other better options; pursue them.
We had pretty good quesadilla here and the windows looked out to their Chinese Garden creation for the Chinese New Year, which was vibrant and charming. \n\nService was okay, place was huge, nicely located though!
Asked for a cup of water with the overly priced lousy coffee at $3.12. They would provide that for an additional an additional 65 cents even with me providing the cup for the water. Next time I will make sure to visit Starbucks!
My wife and I have been to Flavors several times. Great food, disastrous wait times. The food delivery process is clearly broken. They've managed to ruin a great concept with poor service.
The staff was nice. They had a cool toy room for the kids. They don't take insurance so be prepared to pay out of pocket
What an unreal taco.. Guy Fieri was her for a reason!!!
Had the 5.99 breakfast special which hit the spot. Nice server and interesting Hawaiian decor. I could see myself coming back here I guess to try a cheeseburger next time. lol
Good atmosphere, good food and the I think peanuts on the table and floor is great!  LOL.  The rolls they serve are really good too.  They have quite a few items on their menu that are super tasty and we have yet to have a bad waiter.
Yummy is my yummy neighborhood sushi place. \nThe fish is so fresh it's still flapping in your mouth. The food is just great with top notch service. \nAnd it's open till 1am. I love this yummy joint.
EXCELLENT!!!!!!  Wow! By far the best steak house I have ever been too. \n\n*outstanding service \n*High quality \n*fair priced (you get what you pay for)\n\nDefiantly will return
I LOVE the first watch....great breakfast!
Not sure why today was better than all the other times. I always remember johnny rockets in cali having terrible service. Pretty damn good
Boring.
I came in close to closing got a fill & a design , she was friendly & was clean got what I wanted (:
Love Lolo's, but they slacked off this morning. Food was a little too greasy for no reason (the eggs and grits), and had to get a scraggler waiter or we wouldn't have got served.... Hit the new Scottsdale location
Precision did a great job on my daughter's car. It's been 2 months since installation and there are no marks or bubbles. Great customer service!
DO NOT GO HERE These people have no idea how to make coffee(extreme cream and sugar), the line is slow and it takes 7+ minutes to get your order.
I was very disappointed by the rude behavior of the bartenders this evening. Being in the industry I know that when you are busy it can be difficult to always keep things on point but one in particular was very rude. The level of hospitality I expected was not present this evening. My cocktail was good though. Just served with quite a bit of attitude.
Champagne brunch was bad , bad sparkling wine, bad food, bad service .... Just plain bad !! Spend a few more dollars and get stuff you would eat.
Was here for the feeding frenzy release of Altuzarra. Kari in the fitting room area was honest and helpful. Sent me home with good finds and buys not impulse buys and finds. My pieces look and feel great. No buyers remorse here
Nice \nBig\nSeemed pretty clean\nEverything was overpriced\n$10 for parking :(
being as i have never changed a battery in my life-them throwing the tools at me and saying change it yourself doesn't show good customer service.
This place is a bit better than okay. I ate at Samba while I stayed there. The food was not that great and neither was the service. The wait staff in the casino area is great.
Very large and clean mall. Good high-end shops. Generally an upscale crowd. Superior to Newport Fashion Island in Newport Beach, this is a haven for the wealthy.
so cheap and so good...best in phoenix!
Still haven't heard back from Louis after more than a month. Perhaps the customers aren't as much of a priority as they would like you to believe.
Go for the brunch. The sugar bacon and Chicken & waffles are unbelievable.
Cheap. Friendly. Tasty. What more could one want?  I'll definetly be back.
I would give this one star - except it's one of the few Philly Cheesesteak places in town.  Meat was dry and underseasoned.  Bread was decent.  Just no reason to ever go back.  \n\nDon't know why you'd serve a sandwich with meat as dry as this.
I have eaten here a few times, great service and food.  Also great atmosphere with nice patio area.  I recommend the soup and sandwhich combo.  My favorite soup here is the French Onion, but there many good options.  On the sandwich side you cant go wrong with any of there options.
I used to go to Oishi Sushi frequently when I lived nearby. It's a very nice, cozy, somewhat upscale place with class and ambiance. Low noise  & dim lights make it great for dates. Best Red Dragon rolls in town (my personal favorite.)
Two word review. Food poisoning.  Not a clean place and proof you can put bad meat in a pie and sell it to consumers.
Love this restaurant!!! Very old school Vegas... The way restaurants should be! I usually get the Filet  Mignon when I eat here and it's amazing!  The staff and service are beyond amazing!  The Banana Fosters is a must have for dessert: ) even though everything on the dessert cart looks amazing!!!!
Wonderful meal overlooking the fountain. The pizza to start was wonderful. The salad with warm chicken was excellent as was the pastas!
great scene...mediocre service...a great alternative to Blue Martini  (or defunct Barcelona)  and a few other places in N Scottsdale. Didn't get a chance to try the food, but it' on the list for next time!   Having a good selection of beer makes it a good sports bar
Right by my corporate office makes it a convenient choice. Food is fine and service is good. Never lost a game of credit card roulette almost bumped it to 5 stars.
We ate dinner. It is a lovely building and the service was great. I had the fish of the night and my husband had the seafood pot. Both were very good, but not quite as spicy as we had at other French restaurants. It was good and the presentation was okay. The price was wonderful. I would go there again.
Come for happy hour, the prices are good for drinks, hookah and food. Fries and martinis - lychee ! Service can be a bit slow when there busy though!
First time last night. I loved the BBQ sauce. The lack of cleanliness & no plates turned me off.  The restaurant needs to train its employees to clean with a disinfectant between customer on the tables, especially since no plates are used. I did love their sauce and will give them another try.
I love this place. Bagels are so good and they have the best breakfast sandwiches. I've been going here for over a year now and will keep going.
Almost missed my plane because \"5-7 minutes\" was more like 15-20, and the line was too long to get a refund for an $11 pizza. Avoid at all costs.
I went here for a Spring Training game.  I think that it's a great park!  There's tons of parking.  It's easy to get to.  The people are friendly and the weather is perfect in March.
First time having their sandwiches was at an office function... OMG! Hands down the best I have had! LOVE the Thanksgiving leftover sub. Mouth is watering just thinking about it right now...\n\nI only with there were more locations. But it is worth the drive.
LOVED this hotel and will stay here again, if I can, the next time I go to Vegas!  We stayed for a long weekend in March of 2010 for my BF's birthday!  The pool(s) are so fun, restaurants are good, casino rocks, what more can you need?
This place is wayyy overrated in my book. It's basically just a hotdog with a ton of chili/cheese on it, nothing I haven't experienced at other places. The hot dog wasn't special, nor were the toppings. And $13 for my hotdog meal is no bueno. No thanks.
Eh, the pho was only alright. I prefer Dragon Fly's #39
Have had much better BBQ.  It was just myself so I couldn't order too much.  I had the ribs and beef brisket combo with beans and slaw.  Both sides were good but the beef and ribs were dry.  The ribs were not very meaty at all,
Outstanding. After decades of dining at Indian restaurants all over Montreal, we find this absolute gem right in NDG. The best Indian cooking we've enjoyed since the Bombay Palace on Ste Catherine St closed its doors.
This used to be much better.  Don't get the Poke. It gave me food poisoning.  Gotta go!  Have to hit the toilet...again!
An inviting place, but the food is just so-so. Their brick oven flat bread is clearly not from a brick oven and doughy. The portions are pretty small and their prices are very large. Service is slow but friendly. Prices are very high for the quality even by Vegas standards. Grab a slice of pizza at the place next door.
don and darnell just made my \"white\" carpet \"whiter\" than it has ever been! and its been about an hr and its dry! no wet socks syndrome! go with this company best in the vegas valley trust me i have had them all!
Good, clean pizza/bar place.  Numero Uno pizza is the way to go and they have a decent amount of beers on tap.  Wait staff is nice and friendly.  \n\nThis is a chain, so you know exactly what to expect every time.  Good consistency.
Sorry reviewers this restaurant is no match for Lotus of Siam. Everything fine at Komal-great service, cleanliness, good food but no match for Lotus of Siam. So disappointed after reading what the Wall Street Journal had to say.
It's easy to get lost in this place.
had the hav a chicken sandwich- it was very good. a bit pricey so i didn't get fries but the service was good
As a guy who typically visits high priced salons for a haircut I was pleasantly surprised and happy with the cut I received from Simon.  An East coast guy who knows how to use a razor.  He was always checking to see how I liked what he was doing, ensuring I was happy when I left.   Ask for Simon leave happy.
We had the bacon wrapped meatballs, portabella french fries, and club sandwich. We would rate all items a 4 out of 5...and our waiter was great. We Came based off the Yelp review and we agree with the overall rating of this restaurant.
Too bad there is no single baby chair, and no place to change diaper!  Unbelievable !
I've been quite a few Nordstrom Rack, and this location has a great selection of designer clothes and Sale Racks.  \n\nYou can definately walk out with some great deals.  I'm not too fond of the shoe section, though.
Beats trying to walk to the convention center, beats taking a cab, beats trying to park there. \n\nThe only issue is the walk from the Ballys station, I would like to find a better station to access, but we stay at Ballys.
Yumm. Usually a wait but good food good portions good service
Fav hotel in vegas!!!!  Every time i go there I feel like i'm being treated like a king.  \nThanks Palms Peeps!
OMG now I finally know why everyone is always talking about this place!  The food is fantastic, the atmosphere is awesome, and the location is amazing!  Definetley a place everyone needs to try at least once :-)
Was very excited to try but super disappointed !! Service was horrible food was ok . The interior was beautifully decorated that was worth the visit ! Went in before a show and had to track our server down just to get out of there!!! Same with drinks and food waited a loooong time for everything !!!
What can i say about this?\nAll i can say is good food but bad service\nThe waiters werent even smiling and they rarely came to refill all the drinks.
DAMN good BBQ.  Really yummy beans. Free refills on drinks.  Small dining area up front, but the back area is HUGE.  don't come here for the eating area, it's pretty spartan.  Come here for the beef, the chicken, the pulled pork.  NOTHING bad.
When issue they dont the issue poor customers  service rude employees nickel  and dime you if they get feed up with you it will be a cold day in hell before we use this company
Sure, the food tastes pretty good here - especially when you're drunk and hungry, but let's be honest, any burger would be satisfying at that point. Overpriced, terrible service, snooty atmosphere, and too crowded. Spend your money elsewhere - there are plenty of places to eat in Vegas
I have always loved Freemont Street, the price of food and drinks cannot be beat anywhere in Vegas! I was disappointed the zip line is gone, but overall another great time with music and food.  \n\nWill return to Freemont over and over, this really is Vegas, baby!
It's shopping heaven! The Caesar Hotel and Casino is beautiful... the shopping is a bonus! Lots of great designer stores... and lots of window shopping =)  I'll be back when I can afford to shop more!
This was my first time here and I was not impressed. This location in Henderson was dirty. The tables were all dirty. Trash on the floor. The sandwich was way too big and expensive. Also no fountain soda. I don't get the hype. I won't be going back.
A bar with good sound!\n\nand a good beer selection!\n\nwhy'd they hide the door?
My husband and I had been here several years before and had a lovely dinner. Unfortunately that was not the case this time around. The service was poor and the food very bland. The two stars are for the view.
Uhhh one word YARDDOG.
Brent at Off Camber Studios has been cutting my hair for years and I won't be going anywhere else. Previously to Brent I tried many different people but none provided an amazing, consistent haircut along with great customer service. I recommend him to everyone I can, men and women!
For the price, it was ok.  The salmon nigiri was really great.  Everything else including the service was nothing spectacular.  Have had better in North Scottsdale.
I have never met an IHOP I did not like. The multigrain pancakes are worth your time.
Perfect service, polite staff, clean restaurant, excellent Pho with perfect broth! We just stopped here on our way back from Arizona because we were craving Pho...everyone is satisfied with their dish!
Not the best froyo I've had and too expensive. I like that they have chocolate sorbet but their original tastes weird.
Seriously don't go here later on at night. We went  around 7 and everything tasted old and not fresh. The rice was hard and the ground meat tasted old. The portions were small and not worth the money. Go to anywhere but here. Sad.
Have been here many times, not the best, but it was just ok in the past. This last visit was so disgusting that I had to write a review. Dry rice, old tasting fish and just plain yucky. Has been going downhill for years. Don't waste your time and money.
Food was so so. I wanted to try them vs Roberto's but the food wasn't seasoned well and i didn't much care for the chicken rolled tacos. The carna asada taco was ok. Im from cali so i know good Mexican food and this isn't it.
All of my experiences here have been very pleasant. Pancakes, sandwiches, scrambles...and you can't beat the view.
I Love-Love-Love DD\"s but this one does not compare to all others.  I don't know what is with their creamer.  It tastes sour.  I have tried a few times but the coffee always seems off.  I drive to the one on New Hope even though I live closest to this one.
Ill give that hotel 1 star or motel style ,no cufe in room  i asked Y ?they told me even belagio  hotel dont have ,are u comparing to that !!! Slow as speed internet , no buffet. Away from strip its not worth it
Very Loud, margaritas decent, probably the worst chicken taco salad I've ever had.  Won't go back.  Fun place for a birthday and great view.
Endless flavors and toppings, ridiculously cheap.  This place is a must over MoJo.
The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. The service is fast and the food was great!!
They refused to put air in my tires that were purchased there, they tried some scare tactic that tires would explode or some BS, this is a Cadillac that is only driven to the grocery store by my 86 y/o Mother. \nI took it to Fletchers, no problem.  I will never use Discount Tires again. Beware!!
The food was fresh and I really liked the pizza sauce. They could hire and train better employees.
Good food n good service. A easy choice to eat at when you want a bite.
Food was very poor.  Beer and Tequila was good.
A local friend took us here for lunch while in Vegas-- Tastiest hot sandwich i have ever had.  Be wary of Daves Insanity Sauce though.  Hopefully they open one in California or else its back to vegas for more!
Great food as always just make sure you go after 6:30pm or before 5 because the \"Sun City rush\" is insane.  The ribs were amazing...
Breakfast is OK here but other meals are pretty lame, typical cheap diner fare. I guess its a decent value for the money, works if you  are nearby and simply need to eat something but I certainly wouldn't make this a destination. Servers are friendly enough but food is just uninspiring
Make the trip the location on 35th Avenue and Bell Rd. This one's salsa and food are kind of sub-par.
The Mushroom Bistro Burger and fries is  $ 10.43 and feed 2 people well. I get water with it and you can get out with tip for $13 to $14 best burger in all of Heritage Court and the salads are awesome.
Good location and love the selection of stores here.\n\nGood food court (love Paradise Cafe). \n\nRight next to our hotel so we walked there...very nice!!\n\nPretty good mall all in all.
I have been to other Great Harvest Bread franchises they have all been good. This place was no exception. The employees were friendly and fast. I ordered a Vegas Veggie sandwich and two loafs of bread. All is very tasty, and the bread is so soft!
Needed something cheap and quick to eat.. decided on this and it was a bad decision. It looks like Panda Express but tastes nothing compared to it. Had a funky sour taste. \n\nNot a fan.
Just get the roast beef au jus. It can't be beat for the price. This place is your typical hometown bar/cafe where you casually go with friends for a decent burger or sandwich.
Marshalls was a little pricey and the big and tall section lacking. I'm used to Gordmans where they have a huge big and tall section and carry lots of 2 and 3 4 5 xxx sizes.  The ladies department has a better selection than the men's but isn't that everywhere lol.
I bowl here all the time. It's rarely too crowded, everything is just how a bowling alley should be. \n\nThe people are nice and the service is great, except sometimes it's hard to flag down someone for the bar.
The most awesome chocolate cake pops!  My choco-holic said they are like eating a brownie on a stick.
Not sure what happened to Arby's, but every time I eat here I get sick. It hasn't been just me either. I know multiple people who have gotten sick from eating at Arby's. Which saddens me because it still tastes pretty good, just not like it use to.
Great customer service and very good food!!\nWhen i went i got the chicken noodle soup and it was very good one of best i ever had.\n A+++
First time I've tried red devil and it was delicious!! Antipasta salad amazing and flavorful, wings were crispy and best I've had in a long time and the pizza was perfect!! Nice clean environment and super friendly staff!! We will definitely be back!!
The worst.  I had a bone in the chicken taco.  The guacamole was fake as was the sour cream.
Really good food and lovely polite and kind service. Will definitely be going back!
Phone in your orders because they're cooking your food to order.\n\nMy last year of undergrad, I called in so many times the guy knew my voice (when I changed my phone number, he still recognized me).\n\nI could eat a half dark meal every day.
Food quality is good.  Service is fine.  Wouldn't go out of the way to go here, but convenience is a factor and why I choose it over and over again.
In the process of making an appointment
I've only been here for business meetings but the staff is always friendly, accommodating, and the red Sangria is delicious!
Huge salads, steak isn't dry, very delicious! I love the soda options. The Caprese salad is my favorite!
If you like lots of crappy BBQ...\n\nMy sister and I ordered one meal to share.  We couldn't finish it.  Was it too big or just too nasty?  Maybe a little of both.
The food was great, the service however was awful. I feel like the interior could definitely use some work and updating. The venue has great potential. \n\nThe menu is a little confusing to read/understand.
bleuch.
We've been back several times and very sorry to say the last time, there was a sign on the door that it was closed indefinitely.  Very sad, one of our favorite lunch spots.
Love the remodel and the stylist are great
food is really great. but the service sucks! i would have given this a 5star if not for the service. but i will sure come back but maybe not on a regular basis until i find another vietnamese restaurant with great food and great service.
Over rated,  nothing to rave about please. High prices pastry. Not worth the wait time. Disappointed! !
Good food\u3002\u597d\u5473
Flatbread pep was good, but I didn't like how they made me feel like I was putting them out even though it was a good 45 min before closing.  Get a similar vibe with way better food, service, and wine at vintage 95 which is very close in downtown Chandler.
Stevie at the print/copy shop is awesome! She bend over backwards to help me and got me out of there quickly with exactly what I wanted at a price I fully expected.
Deserves respect for their breakfast. This place is clean and lots of space for a group. Give it a chance.
Bottom line is that it's still airport food. I had a chicken baguette and the bread came out tough and chewy as well as my pieces of weird looking chicken. The place has potential and I would probably enjoy a few drinks here but I don't think I could come back strictly for the food.
This is another locally owned coffeeshop that is great when starbuck's isn't handy. I like the fact that they carry boar's head lunch meats and cheeses for their deli sandwiches. They close early everyday, around five, and open early too.
The food was fresh lots of variety  still one of the best it LV   the service was good Our Waiter Randy was excellent
Only reason to come would be for the games, boobs, and beer. The food is bleeeehhhh
Ugh Riiiiiiigby. I love you. And I want to keep loving you, but your service has gotten atrocious.
At first I thought the D was a really small place but after going upstairs it was a lot of fun. The horse races upstairs was so much fun. My uncle won like $150. You guess which horses were going to win. It is pretty small though.
This was our favorite spot in Sedona. Exceptional views and great food. Probably more of a $$$$ place, but definitely well worth it.
what a joke!  just left the drive-through ordered a hazelnut  coffee got hot coffee with cream and sugar ordered old-fashioned doughnut got a plain donut ordered an egg wrap got burnt cheese will not be back ever.  All this after repeating the order for five times.
Great place for an after work drink and appetizers. Went Wednesday night for 1/2 bottle night. Try the meatballs and fried mozzarella, it's the best in town.
Ordered a delivered pizza and garlic knots for first time. Garlic knots are good, pizza not so good.  The pizza arrived soggy.  I don't believe it was cook enough.  The toppings were good without the crust.
Terrible.  They stuck a small toothpick sideways hidden in sandwich. Lucky I didn't choke. Their cheese is left out so when they put in a salad its hard. The old owner ran that place like clockwork. This place is run like a broken watch. If I could give no stars I would.
service is ok.  food is just average and not worth the price.  their appetizers (mussells), entre (steak for two) and desserts (souflou and bread pudding) are all disappointing.  i certainly won't go back there again.
Food is good, but somewhat overpriced. However, all drinks and almost all appetizers are half off during happy hour, which makes them a lot more reasonable. 13 wings for $5? Yes please!
Service was great when the restaurant was packed.  The portions were very small for the price and food was ok
Had take out for the first time here.  Good pad thai, excellent satay, good soup.  \n\nI will be back.
This bar has several pool tables and a decent sized bar. They show movies on the big screens...some of which are questionable...but, all in all it is a pretty cool bar. Rock music was playing until about 10pm when they switched it up to some hip hop. Drink prices are reasonable.
One of my favorite sushi spots because it actually looks fairly nice inside. Can't stand restaurants who don't take pride in their atmosphere. Food was good as usual. Only issue issue I have is with front if house service. Not terrible. Just needs improvement.
I entered the empty (5pm) restaurant and ordered a blackened chicken burrito. I very much enjoyed the burrito and the hot (habenero) sauce I was able to pour over my burrito. Amazingly spicy but a delicious flavor!
So tantalizing is the spinach souffle that I just can't get enough.  This with my filet mignon, what a great way to have dinner.  Find me at the bar with no reservation required enjoying my dinner and my Colorado Bulldog.
I love Joe D. Zumba class. It's worth finding a parking spot. Its a great club for the price.  My child loves the day care.  It's has many cool features,  spacious, and friendly staff.  Thumbs up!
I have been coming here since it opened. We ordered take out tonight and the quality was terrible. We were all very disappointed
Steven is the man when it comes to shoes. So helpful and knowledgeable and answered all my questions with a smile.
I have been going to Mike for 34 years. My father and I have been seeing him longer then anyone else. Would not think of going anywhere else.
Great place, great atmosphere, great service and great company with my family. \n\nEverything we ordered was delicious.  I was obsessed with my fries and the veggie sandwich. It was on point.  \n\nI shall come back.
Not kid friendly at all.... Food was alright but not for the price... They charge 10 bucks to split a meal!!! Are u kidding me?!
Good food, good prices, and friendly staff.  Overall a great experience.
I took my kids here and their playground is cool:) had some coupons for some sweet deals as well!
Dansey's is closed.  I don't see/know of any forwarding information.
My family and I have been here several times and have NEVER had bad food, service, or experience. We have NEVER had better pizza, and ever since we discovered Spinatos, we have literally never ordered or had Pizza Hut, Papa John's, Domino's, or Little Ceaser's ever since!
This review is for the food court. It sucks. The price for what you get is ridiculous. Ive had better burgers at McD's and for a third of the price!
It is a chain and it does have a good number of favors. Not as good as  the San Diego joints. The seating was limited and the fixin's needed maintenance. \n\nBut when you can just gourge on fro-yo, who can complain?
Great shroom bar
This is my favorite restaurant in Tempe. The food is great with many vegetarian options. The atmosphere is usually pretty quiet and the servers are all nice. Highly recommended
My two year old loves coming to Jumpstreet and his older cousins have a blast too.  I find it a good value for the amount of fun the kids have.
Best place in da 'burgh for the frequent traveler!
Def. not for kids! The menu is fairly small but food was decent. Prime rib was good and the baked potato was awesome! Also had the chicken pasta and that was pretty good. Great pace to go before the Hockey game!
Love spicy garlic edamame!
This place is amazing.  I've been wanting to come here for quite some time.\n\n1 - THEY HAVE GLOVES!  YOU MAY ASK FOR GLOVES AND THEY WILL GIVE THEM TO YOU.  Then you won't smell.
We've been to this location three times and have always had a positive experience.  The staff is very friendly, knowledgeable, and patient.  The gelato is awesome and the place has always been clean, which I particularly appreciate.  I also appreciate that they allow you to sample as many flavors as necessary to help you make your decision.
This place rocks.
If you have bad customer service, at least have good food. The pho here is underwhelming and lacks flavor. I went here with my family and being treated so badly left a bad taste in our mouth (or maybe that was the pho).
Some of the best pizza I've ever had. The sauce is amazing. Every time I'm in town I get the sausage and pepperoni with extra sauce.\n\nThere's nothing else to say, really. Go here for good pizza.
Khoury's  caters our lunches and holiday party. Great food. We love it.
My fianc\u00e9 and I always make a stop here prior to the long drive back to Los Angeles. My favorite is the mixed plate (fish, chicken, and beef); it's never a let down. Only down side is that they are a cash only restaurant.
This place doesn't disappoint! Fantastic sushi and price is decent. The only reason I didn't give it 5 is the service is always abit slow and my appetizer usually comes out half way through my roll. Kinda defeats the purpose of an appetizer.
Noisy, shared seating, bland food, okay service. Go find a real Japanese restaurant instead of this chain.
Found a strand of long black hair in my #11 house special sandwich!!! Disgusting!!!! Never go back again!!!!!
Fun place to hang out and get out of the casino environment. It is loud but they have a cool outdoor seating area w fire pits. Everything I've had here is great. Fried http:/chicken, meatloaf, prime rib, pretzels, artichoke. The best spot in hard rock to eat at.
I'm addicted to the chopped salad!
While the service is average, the amount of food they give you for the money is hard to beat.
Fixed my iPad2 good as new worth every penny and they did it in the 3 hours
The hotel is decent but the Casino (the only reason to stay here) is old and tired. While \"The Fort\" was one of the first, when compared to other modern Indian Casinos (Talking Stick and Gila River) they have fallen far far behind. If you like blue hair and bingo this is your kind of place.
I love being at the 16th hole. Was a great place to watch some golf. It has to one of those famous holes in all of professional golf. It was my favorite part of the day
Service is good! \nFood suck!!! :-(
I just came here to purchase a rear sight for my AR and their price beat out every other shop that I called by a long shot. The customer service was outstanding and the guys at the counter actually had a personality, which is rare out here. I know who I'll be doing business with from here on out.
Mike the manager is a great guy, couldn't be nicer, and the beer is wonderful. So many different tastes available. The crowd is laid back and the vibe is that of an easy going place you can easily take your parents to.  My new hangout.
Il y a tellement mieux aux alentours.... \n\n40$ pour une assiette hamburger calcin\u00e9 et une bi\u00e8re ti\u00e8de.
Don't try to call the phone number that is listed on Yelp if you want to talk to anyone at MCC. It will ring and ring and no one will answer. Use the number 480-461-7000.
Not the best atmosphere, but the Eggplant Szechuan over noodles made it worth coming. It's no longer available. Look at your reviews!!! (Several times this particular dish is mentioned with pics taken.) Why would you remove it from your menu?
The owner of this company is a horrible man, he mistreats his employees and orders them to enter the airport without proper credentials. He fails to pay them on time. He does not care about the safety of his passengers as long as he gets paid. Never use this company unless you don't mind being ripped off.
So good! In-N-Out is the best! Neapolitan shake and 3x3 animal style with normal fries is the best combo yo!
Went to the store 11/9/13 @ 10:41 am but the store wasn't open. Sign said 10, called and the voicemail said 10. Checked their website it said opens at 11. So I waited til 11:10 still no sign of anyone inside or out. Left feeling pretty disappointed.
This place is awful. Food tool 55 min to come out. Service was horrible. The sushi was mediocre.
Being a statehouse specialist, not worth it. My ribeye was so chewy and I could not taste anything but black peppers. There are better and cheap steaks available around strip.
For a place like this in vegas they should really check there pinying on happy chinese new year.
Horrible place! The lady cut me, my sister and mine were bubbly. Crap work. Do not waist your money here!!!! I would give zero stars if I could!
Price was a little over priced for the mediocre food. Nothing truly impressing of the food, but dessert was a go. Tried out the fried Twinkie sundae, and was pressed with it, but a little on the sweet side.
Horrible food quality dirty rude uncaring staff and pretty much a sore thumb on an otherwise lackluster food court based on choices of shops...
WE stayed next door at the Hampton Inn but came to the American Grill for dinner. Service was excellent, food too. Had a GREAT burger which I typically don't order. I'd give it 5*****'s if it had more of a selection of menu items.
I have been to some pretty bad Best Buys, but this one is horrible! I was in the store at least 30 minutes and passed multiple employees, the only one to give me the time of day was the door greater and his efforts were half-assed at best! I have NO intention of shopping at this location again.
Fun...I went for Scotty Boy, and wasn't at all disappointed.  Bottle service!!!
Just left with an awesome setup! Taylor made it super easy to decide what I wanted and made sure it matched what I needed. That's what I call A1 Service... \nAnd i had a blast trying a ton of different flavors. \nThanks a ton!!!
This place has decent food at decent prices along with an impressive selection of beer, especially Belgian.
I found this office through Yelp and am so happy with the whole experience.  Thanks all around!
Great little fruit store. Nice selection and very fair prices.
Good food and fine people.  There breakfast is awesome, but their catering could be better.  I was very happy with the food, but my family was rather disappointed.  Go there for breakfast first and explore from there.
It's hard to argue with their selection of beer. However, at some point the crappy customer service is going to catch up with them. It didn't help that we had a waitress who quit drinking beer so her opinion was nil.
Dolphins do not belong here.
Menu has changed a bit, no dessert but for $14.99 lunch & $19.99 dinner, it's unbeatable. I recommend the New Mexican roll. The Cajun albacore is great.
LOVE THIS PLACE!  Great food, great drinks, great ambiance and locally owned. I'll be back!
My favorite here is standard  bacon grilled jalepenos! Tasty and fresh burger!
No fuss menu yet still so hard to decide. Went with the grilled chicken burrito. Chicken was delish. Tortilla was soft and fresh. \nService was personal. \nBreakfast burritos are next to taste!
Some of the best chicken I've had, moist and chalk-full of flavor .  waffles were spot on as well!  Can't go wrong with a place that serves Kool-Aid!
Pizza was ah ok. Being a pizza-aficionado I guess I'm hard to please. Good lunch spot. Very popular. PIzza was too sparse. Very commercial. Ingredients were fresh, cheese not the best but a quick spot to grab lunch. Sort of a cafeteria feel.
Back again. We've been seeing good adjustments. The service and food quality are back to good levels. The nanager is walking the floor. Beer is in stock.
Rude no customer service at all.
Yuk! Miricle Mile deli closed which forced to Jasons. Not at all impressed...\n\nSome people LOVE this place but personally they cant touch Miracle Mile Deli...
It is a bit difficult to walk to the strip. They tried to charge us $45 for cleaning for the next guests...
I tried a few places before this, but Wink quickly became my go-to for a Brazilian wax in Charlotte.  She always does such a great job - very thorough, extremely professional, quick, and reasonably priced.  The salon is clean and comfortable.  Appointments are easily made via text message.  Can't ask for much more than that!
I ordered the spicy chicken gui on the grill. It was very delicious. I went with a group of 7 and they were very accommodating to us. The staff was friendly. I will come here again for sure.
Coconut soup with hot level is SO GOOD!  Drunken beef also pretty delicious.  Portions are HUGE.  Love that they deliver.
I have been coming to this location since they opened the doors. Service and food have yet to disappoint. Lobster Lunch Wednesdays are just AWESOME! service is great and great atmosphere. Great place any time of day!
We stayed Downtown Phoenix and took the light rail to the Sun Devil Stadium, with a quick stop for the bars on Mill. Couldn't have been easier!  No parking or traffic worries. Also didn't have to worry about having a drink. Easy, fast and trouble-free.
Great steak, great prices and great service! What else do you need on a Friday Night! I had a beer and a steak it was cooked to perfection and the beer wasn't bad either.
The steak here is delicious! I highly recommend ordering the 40oz rib eye for 2. My husband and I ordered it medium rare and it came out perfectly. It was also a huge portion and the meat was juicy, tender, and seasoned well. It also came with a side of lobster mac n' cheese.
Lobster roll and French onion soup.  Wow.  This is an expensive lunch well worth the price.  I highly recommend you try this place if you haven't already.  If you have, go back...
Ambiance sucks!  Why these large resorts imsist on playing the same music, too loud, regardless of venue is cheap and tawdry.  No bread, just sticks, is a missed opportunity. Superb service, very good food.
-THIS LOCATION IS CLOSED due to a fire-Was disappointed to find a boarded up front entry here today, website says it is closed \"indefinitely\", but there are several other locations in Montreal.
Wonderful outdoor shopping center. Always clean and a very good variety of stores. Honorable mentions here: Sur La Table, Anthropologie, Z Gallerie, Barnes & Noble, Teavana, and VS.
If you have a spare 30 minutes, and haven't seen this type of thing before, this overpriced tourist attraction is worth it. Walk through a tunnel with fish swimming over your head. See brightly lit jellyfish.
Mood Restaurant is located in Artisan Hotel. Theme of the hotel and restaurant is suppose to be 1914 Parisian left bank. Decor of both hotel and restaurant is dark. Mood serves contemporary american fare. An interesting hotel and restaurant concept. This place is a bit off for our taste but am glad to have experience it.
Yum yum yum. Everything tastes great. Always fresh. Service is good. Great place to bring your out of town guests. \n\nThe Eggs Benny's any variety are awesome. One of my favorites.  I try to have something different with every visit. And so far and so good.
This place has really good food and great prices!  I haven't had a bad dish.  My favorite is the Singapore Rice Noodles! I order delivery from there about twice a week and I've always been very satisfied not to mention how quick they are to deliver!
Pretty much always the same. Nice rooms.  Clean place.  Hands always in your pockets.  Careful.  You will lose all your money BEFORE you even get to the casino.
Great food (blackened red fish was AMAZING), and excellent service. Fun for the whole family. Definitely going back!!!
Service is fast and waiters are friendly; however, I would only recommend this place if you like the taste of noodles and nothing more.....very lil' flavor.
Our waitress was cute. I really have nothing else to say about the place. It's organic and what not. Which is cool. Ya know, if you're into that. Personally, I wish there were more hormones in my food. What happened to the America that I used to know and love?
Great place to watch the UFC Fight's! I always have a blast! Reserve your tables and seats early.
The menu looks really good but the food doesn't deliver the only thing I liked about this place was the garlic fries but fries are really hard to mess up.
The breakfast burritos are outstanding and their iced tea is the best I've had! The place is always clean and the service is fast, even during the lunch hour rush.
Hands down my favorite East Valley Restaurant.  The staff is always friendly and professional, the food is always delicious, the place is clean, and I love the vibe!   I can't get enough of their sweet potato salad, and the baked goods are amazing!
Avoid this place if you are looking for yummy food. Reasons to go: free wifi, big enough they won't kick you out. Looks are deceiving here- it's clean and bright and big- but that's about it.
Similar to Desert Ridge.  All the typical chains are here. I like the Jimmy John's for a quick lunch.
MUST HAVE RAMEN!\nIf you like Ramen, you'll love this place! Broth is delicious, best Ramen we've had so far and we have tried many places in San Diego. You won't be disappointed with any Ramen choice!
After waiting 2 hours for delivery the driver dropped off the wrong order.  Tried calling and i got hung up on.  Drove down there and demanded a refund.  I was told the credit card machine was down.  We will see if I get a refund.
Yogurtology is the best hot spot for yogurt in Scottsdale. Flan is one of my favorite flavors or even just tart! Once you try it you will be hooked! Friendly staff now knows me by name. I dream about yogurtology and when I wake up I go get it!
the sliding glass windows they installed in my new custom home were of very poor quality. when we expressed our dissatisfaction they said the waves in our glass were normal for tempered glass. The windows in their showroom that we looked at were not wavy. Our glass looks almost like the glass from a funhouse!
Good bowls and smoothies. My only complaint is that I don't like \"feel good healthy\" places that don't share nutritional facts or calories. The majority of people eat this to eat healthy and they don't have any information here or on their website.
Moriah's staff is extremely friendly and do a wonderful job, leaving you feel pampered and looking your best.
This is the only doctor's office I've ever been to where you get taken on time, Dr. Powers is the nicest man, and he has the best office support staff. I'm sorry to see the 2 bad reviews, I've been going there for probably 20 years and I never had a bad experience.
Best mexican food in Phoenix. Good food low prices.
I was given a glowing recommendation of this place because of their beef noodle soup, but sadly it was a let down. I appreciate the local joint's attempt, and the price is good, but the soup was too sweet for the style they were selling.
it is fine, nothing special. service was ok not great, had to ask twice for mushrooms on grilled flat bread sandwich.
Lisa gave me a great cut.  I am very fussy about my short hair.  At 60 years old I want a stylish haircut but not to look like I am trying to be 20.  Lisa found the perfect balance, a cute,fun cut, perfect for summer.  I've already scheduled another cut and highlights for later this summer.
This was a nice Thai restaurant.  The service was friendly but not amazingly attentive.  It had a nice selection of Thai goodies.  The flavors of the food were vibrant and delicious.  My biggest complaint was that my order of \"Thai Spicy\" was underwhelming.  The heat was seriously lacking.
Would not recommend. Rude person at front counter. Didn't get what I ordered. Limited half sandwich and half salad options. Salad was $10 and not the one I ordered, and still only mediocre tasting. Would avoid if possible. Paradise Bakery has much better food and options, and is nearby.
overpriced, small portions. There's far better food for the same price range.
Just your average, run-of-the-mill bar. The staff are friendly. On the plus side, they have a good beer and scotch selection. On the minus side, the scotch pours are very tiny.
i love it! will come back soon !!!
They said it'll take 45 mins, but took more then 90 minutes and the driver was rude! food was descent, but not at all happy with the customer service! would avoid if hungry! they don't keep their word!
I really dislike this restaurant. The food was flavorless and we waited a really long time for our food which is weird considering it was not crowded. I've never tasted guacamole so plain and flavorless and the fajita I ordered was also less than tasty.  Will not return even if it was free.
Fantastic. Stopped in hoping to find some authentic Argentine cuisine. \nFood was terrific. Service was excellent. Empanadas to die for. The El Capitan, chicken, & pork were outstanding. Try the banana & nutella desert empanada. Killer! We'll be back.
Oily, pre-made and reheated food, anyone?\n\nNot for me...... Thanks
Loved this place. Their food is amazing. We had the lobster carbonara, and one of their vegetarian ravioli dishes on their make a wish menu. Both were very tasty. Plates range from about 12-20 on average. The steak dishes are about double that. The chocolate cake is a must!
Wow!  Nice to see a bookstore that's not too over priced!  The staff was friendly.  I found some unique gifts for the holidays which didn't break the bank.  Lots of used books to choose from and new ones too.  The vinyl section was cool too!
Yuck! Every meat was tried, none were liked.  Very expensive. Dinner with a glass of cheap wine was $140 for two.  Service was fair at best.  There are far too many great restaurants in Vegas to waste your money on this place. I live and work on the strip and will tell everyone not to visit this place.
Fun place to Check out. Great for after games, since it's near where the baseball and basketball teams play. The sausage dog is yummy, but too much bread. Great bloody Mary bar on Sundays. Good place to watch sports. Sometimes they have bands on their outdoor stage....and sometimes Alice visits.
Love this coffee  place, nice workers and good ambiance and good coffee too!
Had the beef Pho, serving size was definitely not the strong suit here.  Broth was ok, I think there are better restaurants out there, especially for the price.
This was such a fun event! Can't wait for the next one.
Worst service I've ever had. Waited 45 min for 2 dishes and the restaurant wasn't busy. We never even had a waitress. Just random workers checking on us and apologizing. Very disappointing. This used to be one of my favorite places to eat.
Cheap, but bad. The store itself looks really second rate and the rice I got was dry and aged. The chicken was dry and the sauce looked really artificially colored. Very cheap lunch though if you don't mind eating a little worse
I do not frequent Ethiopian restaurants but when I come to Charlotte I always eat here.
Stopped by for a quick dinner last night..  I got the blackened salmon salad -- it was so good.  Good service   Nice folks.
Not nearly as good as good as Big Daddy's, Counter Burger or the Penguin.  But also much cheaper.  No table service for food; outdoor seating on side of four lane road.  Everything feels a bit cheap but it also shows up in terms of value on the menu and drink list.
Love this store for my kids! Such low pricea and always have GREAT specials.
This place would have gotten five stars, but the service wasn't the best. It took awhile to get seated because there was no one waiting to seat us. Otherwise it was great and the actual server was a cool guy. Definitely a great place to eat.
This woman that owns this business is having friends write good reviews for her, she is mean and nasty to her customers and the food is so-so from my experience.
Terrible. This place will suck years off of your life waiting for overcooked eggs, or wraps with wilted frozen lettuce.  Sloooooow! So much for a quick bite for lunch on the way back to Phoenix...
Eaten here before & always had great food & service. Tonight had the Angus burger it was perfect also their signature green beans are very good.Desert was bread pudding also very good. We will continue to dine here. Prices are in line with other restaurants in this area. Ample parking.Decent atmosphere.
guac table side, yummy! Pizza quesadilla, yummy!!! Was in a rush to the airport wish I coulda stayed longer to try more things, the atmosphere is great for a strip restaurant.
My son and I had dinner here..  Should have gone to Subway in the same plaza.  Or Panda.  Food is OK here, but I could find 100 places I'd rather eat.
Not amazing but pretty good for quick & cheap sushi. Nice open dining room with laid back atmosphere (nice decor, music not to loud) Staff was very friendly! Hint: tues&thurs they advertise bogo sushi rolls.
Fabulous service and food. Tasty menu.  Not surprising the cioppino is fabulous.  The martini's are wonderful and the Tuesday night dollar oyster special is to not be missed
They have good food options. They could work more on the vegetarian options. Nice beer. Some people may like this, but I personally don't like waiters coming back every 10-15 mins asking how the food is and if everything is okay. But I understand that they are trained to do the same.
Hands Down, fave hotel in Vegas!!!  I've stayed at both Wynn & Encore.  I prefer the decor of the rooms at Encore.  The service is great!  The slippers and bath toiletries are superb!
I can make this overpriced food at home!  I feel confident I can open my own restaurant by going to this place.  The food is actually simple yet slightly tasty.
Oh my gosh, I Love their Filet/Lobster! Tender, hot & seasoned perfectly. I actually came back the next night and ordered the exact same thing. I'll come here again!
Was quite surprised to enjoy a very tasty carne asada torta the other day. It came with hot and tasty fries, too. Good sandwich!
customer service has gone down over the last few years
The food is overpriced and bland. The burger is tasteless, waiter was off doing her own thing, very unattentive. Only thing I've enjoyed was the pizza, it was just ok. The entire experience left a bad taste in my mouth.
1MX extra slim fit, the only shirt that allows me to not look like I'm wearing a parachute.  Thank you express for making a shirt that conforms to my body at an affordable price.  I miss Structure because Express for men just seems feminine but whatever you got my business.
Great pho in a clean atmosphere.  I love this place.  I've driven over an hour just to eat lunch here.  Real cold by the door in winter.
This place was an ordering disaster. No one seemed to know what was going on.  The food was just as good as any other Wendy's.  Don't go here unless you have a lot of patience and time to waste.  The manager did apologize for the wait and stopped by our table to check on us.
Back again and same great service as last time. Old Chicago, Margherita, and Cal Italia were all great and Tim M. was great with our large group.
This club is really cool, great place to take your girl for drinks and still be able to talk to her. Cheap to get in, elevator ride up is fun because you see the whole strip up. The view from the club itself is amazing, drinks are pricey but well made and strong. Must check it out.
Okay.
Not a good experience. Overcooked filet mignon which we sent back and got exactly the same again. Just gave up and ate it. Got some completely uneccesary sarcasm and hostility from the waiter. Missing items on order so party of 6 ate all at different times. Nice wine menu but tries far too hard for hipster.
Cannot beat the Steak Special!!!!  $8.99 with players card!!!! If the dining room is too crowded, ask to sit in the bar area... the waitress there is always the same and she is such a doll!!!!  And the service is faster there as well!!!!
First time at NAGA Thai. I had the salad rolls and the Pad Pak prepared vegan. They were amazing. The place is very modern and contemporary. It is a relaxing ding experience. Prices are very reasonable. Love that meat eaters and vegans can dine together with so many tasty choices for both.
Meatballs??? They were stall over cooked and the sauce was cold. Was looking forward to eating here after all the hype we heard about it. But batch 19 on draft was good but that was it.
A group of us went here at a friend's request. The wait was ridiculous and the food was pretty terrible. Frankly, if you're looking for good breakfast or brunch in the area, you've got other options.
I broke up with BevMo when Total Wine Opened up.
Absolutley LOVE their wings!! I have never had a problem with them as I did at BWW plus a military discount!! Love all the flavors!!
Great non-pretentious South Charlotte dive bar with an outdoor patio/bar, lots of TVs, pool tables, and great drink specials!!
$45 before tip for a men's haircut Supercuts coulda done. I won't go back.
Great atmosphere and BBQ. I take my wife here on date night! The service never disappoints and don't forget the Mac and cheese side best I ever had!
Great selection, great service. Reccommended...
This place has a great location and great ambience.  But the food is really not that great.  I have eaten there a couple times and everyone agreed that it was nothing special.  I know this place is a local favorite b/c of the history but the food is not worth the hype.
We perform this self-guided tour Concert Hall gigantic. It is an amazing place if they will not have to miss any important concert. We could not attend but knew the place was worth ...
Best Greek food ever!  The owners are cool, too...\n\nThe sauces are awesome.  Quality is top notch.  This is a 5 star spot!
Went there for a take-away lunch today, Brat with relish and kraut, and fries.  Really excellent.  I've asked if they have retail sales, and the answer is not yet.  Would love to get a variety to grill at home.  But I'll definitely go back.
Thank you lovely ladies for getting me in and out quickly and doing a fantastic job! I made it to the birthday party in time and everyone loved my nails :)
is now closed
My boyfriend took me here on our first date, 2 years later it has been a \"must have\" if we are craving sushi. I cannot put into words how amazing the staff is and the chefs who prepare the sushi are absolutely incredible. I wish I could rate this place with more stars!
Great pizza with quality toppings amd cheese. You can taste the difference. The family loved it. The canoli's were ok, might pass on those next time. We will definately order pizza from here again.
This place needs some work. Waited 10 minutes for someone, anyone, to pay attention to us at the counter.  No one even acknowledged us.  We left. Won't be back.
OIY.\n\nGreasy noisy expensive questionable quality rude.
Cheeseburger was the worst one I have ever had from sonic. It was flat, bun was soggy, didn't have any condiments on the burger.  May never go back.
The food itself seems bland and the rice seemed old. Would rather go to the great greek.
Great shave hot towels and menthol shaving cream even cleaned up the back of my my neck
More of a sports bar than a restaurant. Loud-- gotta be in the party mood to enjoy the atmospere.Pub Grub! Gotta wanta have a beer!
Pathetic.  Service was terribly slow on Saturday night.  They ran out of brown rice;  soup and appetizer were served cold.  Will not recommend this restaurant if you're hungry but don't want to wait..
Very expensive and average. Every other restaurant in our casino was jammed so we went here. Food was ok. My shrimp dish was $25+ for only five shrimp! No pasta/rice or anything else with it. Ridiculous. To top it off, warm beer. Only upside was good service.
Blendinis are u kidding me!!!! It's 4.99 for small cup that's only half full!!!! ridiculous!!!!
Very nice resort. Very spacious accomadation with full kitchen and laundry. I left a couple of belonging and they were able to return them promptly. If ur not gonna make full use of the resort i wouldnt recommend it as it could be up there in price.
Food is really good and huge! Rishad was our server. Rib meat is falling off the bone!
I found it, so that was a plus! I went in and ordered a slice and was supremely pleased with the flavor as well as the perfect crunch on the crust! A must-eat in Vegas, for sure!
Potatos are amazing, a very solid breakfast choice. Bluberry infused french toast is ridiculously filling
Not worth the price but something to do with the kids when it's 1000 degrees outside. You get a discount if you buy your tickets online. It's also pretty small so take your time.
I am not happy with the user-unfriendly way this Barnes and Noble is arranged from a floor plan perspective. The periodicals are way in the back near the Mall, which places them too far away from the Starbucks Cafe.
Cheap quality bar food at a high price.  Service is hit or miss.  Place is ugly.  Will suffice if you are in a late night munchie bind. 2.3 stars
This place never disappoints! I went out on a limb and tried the Nosi Goreng fried rice and it was delicious. The waitress was so friendly too
I love Wildflower. I bring my granddaughter here all the time. She is 17 and LOVES soup. We both pretty much agree that Wildflower has the best soup around. Of course I also love the artisan bread. The restaurant is always immaculate and the staff always pleasant and helpful.
Close to my house. Like all car places recommend service but that's it and won't push the issue further. Just the way I like it! Have lifetime alignment service on both cars here cause I always come back.
We have visited this restaurant several times and each time we really enjoyed the food here.  The wait can be long as 45 minutes or longer but worth it.
Good quality food for very reasonable prices. Would have loved to get quacamole on my burrito, but they wanted $2.95 extra for it. The music was great to listen to while eating. Very good, inexpensive place to eat. Glad we stumbled upon it.
Excellent food! Excellent service! I would highly recommend this place to anyone who wants a great meal with great service.
Great food!! Everything is made fresh, nothing pre-made. May take a while to get food as they cook to order. Try their desserts, again, freshly made.
I was really looking forward to eating here the last time I was in town.  I have to agree that the decor is really savvy and modern.  I was disappointed with the quality of everything else about our dining experience here.  We'll certainly give it another try to see if the food and service are any better.
No bueno! I ordered a blended caramel and my husband ordered a vanilla latte. My drink taste like ice and his seriously taste like a cigarette. No joke!
I went dinner there and was completely fooled by those review and pictures. I ordered a large plate of sea bass but the serve was so small and taste really salty. Basically, I filled myself with the ice water there.
This place is gross. Way to much mustard on the burger. The fries were cold and hard and the banana shake had too much syrup in it. It was just nasty. Never ever go there again.
Love the BLT
BUSY BUSY BUSY must be a reason why they are busy? Decent as expected. Nevada Burrito was top notch for the price.
Not my favorite buffet in Vegas. The price was pretty similar to The Wicked Spoon but half the selection and quality. The service was also disappointing. The plates were still left on the tables after coming back and drinks were not refilled. Felt like a cafeteria.
I went to this nice place, and i will go many time. I had the maple syrup macarons and was Delicious.
I went today for a business lunch.  I really enjoyed the food and I will return.
If you are desperate and have no where else to turn. This come close to Chinese food. I suggest going 2 China One in the Smith shipping center. Way better food for similar prices. Actually I am holding back a bit. Call me a snob but Panda is horrible.
Where does Salt fit in the Scottsdale social scene?  Located in the iPic complex and next to Narcisse it draws people from both places.  Is it special enough to be a destination by itself?  Probably not.\n\nDecent drinks and music.  Good service but nothing really makes Salt standout on it's own.
Impeccable service and food. Just one of those places where you KNOW you will be treated top notch. It is pricey but I still would have expected our server to inform us when items are extra like Caesar salad instead of garden salad and anchovies on the Caesar were an extra $2.
Love the place and my eyebrows look amazing!
Pizza slices, sitting in a pizza pan on the deli counter (no heat lamp), looked like they were sitting around for five hours, dried out and curling up. Not appetizing at all. I walked out. Was told they have new management. I'll wait for some newer reviews before heading back here.
Beware the extra 60 cents charge for ranch dressing those wings. Not even on the menu. Staff was attentive and food and drink great!
This place saves me every Friday night. After a late workout there not much else open at 2am. And for $5.99 the Steak and Eggs is just what the body needs.
Just got done having lunch here and again...the BEST INDIAN FOOD in VEGAS hands down. The staff is amazing and they understand how to treat their customers, regular or new. The buffet is a can't miss. Beats anything on the strip in my opinion.
My sister and I both got the banana and chocolate chip hot cakes, and we loved them! Huge servings and you can also get the hot cakes with bacon, sausage, and ham for a slightly higher price. This was my second time going actually and if I could go every day I would! Highly recommend!
Linguini's was good, but I've had much better italian dining experiences at other places.  I had the chicken linguine.  The chicken was done well, but I found the sauce to be a little thin.  The red velvet cake for dessert was excellent, however.
The food is as good as it gets!!! I'm in love with this place from the quick line to the awesome awesome service! I love the sushi. Try this place
Outstanding.  The bone-in ribeye was cooked perfectly and totally delicious. The bar has the best whiskey selection I've seen.  Service was prompt, and we had an amazing time.  Awesome meal, exactly as it should be.
Good pricing, standard menu. The Grand Slam combo was fantastic and offered a lot of healthful options. And cab fare from Luxor was about $8, which was reasonable-ish.
The service is way way too slow for such expensive prices.
Great night out for the entire family!
it's not a very good airport they dot not have the  airlines listed next to the terminal signs when you enter the airport and you have to drive a couple miles if you wanted to rent a car. the inside is not all that in terminal 2,3 or 4.
Tried these cupcakes for my husband's birthday and was sadly disappointed. Dry, dry, dry. The cakes tasted like they were made several days prior to me picking them up.....will not be back.
Simply the best!
Went for lunch, very disappointing.  Food took over a half hour, and there were maybe three tables total, and it just wasn't worth the wait.  Service was very slow.  Probably a better place to grab a drink than eat.
Solid fun place looks good on outside and inn I just recently relocated to this side of town and was not sure about this place but after always driving by decided to make a stop and it was well worth it the staff was very friendly and service was excellent cold mugs of beer and the chicken fried steak I recommend trying. I will be there again soon
Just got done with a dinner box which consisted of chicken teriyaki, yakitori, and shrimp tempura. The whole thing was bland, there goes 15 bucks down the drain.
I like their truffle french fries and crab burger.\nI give four stars for today, because the fries weren't fresh...
How do you get iced coffee wrong? I asked to have to coffee sweetened , and now I taste rock sugar that's not melted in my coffee! :( what a disappointment .
Great food and prices. The people are really nice.  Try the greek omelet.
Fairly average Italian food other than the meatballs. Too many good Italian places in Pittsburgh to choose here. Interior could use an update. Beer selection below average and nothing special happening with speciality drinks.
Panera is always an easy choice when I want a quick sandwich, salad, or soup, but I especially love coming here in Summer because the strawberry poppyseed salad is my favorite!  The only drawback...Pepsi products!  Good thing their iced tea is fresh.
Josef was very confrontational when I didn't accept his offer on detailing. I didn't let nobody stare me down in jail, homeboy. You think I'm going to let it fly at a car wash?\n\nI won't be coming back.
great view!  very neat place.. service was good.. some of the items were moved around in the fridge and we just had to tell them that we accidently knocked it over.. very convinient.. went to the day club and the service was ok..
Very small and crowded compared to other whole foods. Selection smaller but still very nice.
This place is fun! Who couldn't like a bar on the main drag in Madison that has a huge tree in the middle of it?  Beer list is ok, but the laid back vibe of the place makes up for it!
gotta get - indian fry bread, turkey legs and bbq sandwich
Food was pretty good. Atmosphere nice. A fountain drink is like $2.50 so don't let the modest food price fool you. And the biggest complaint, they have the cheapest plastic silver wear you could possibly find. So annoying.
Hostesses are horrible!!! told us 45 mins wait and people arrived after us was taken care of before us consider the fact that theres only 2 of us.. Weve been here before really loved the food and servers.. but this time hostesses no customer service not even a smile nor eye contact.. Totally disappointed!
I suggest going to this market without any expectations. I was expecting more vendors and alot more fresh produce. What I found was a few melons, corn, flowers, pastries, honey, breads & etc. I've have experienced way more variety in other locales. It was something to do.
Great atmosphere but a little too Scottsdale.  More importantly, lets talk food.  We went for a catered business lunch.  The portions were huge and was quite surprised that the food had a lot of spice for serving a crowd.  Looking forward to going back and trying the regular menu.
On Halloween (10-31-14) the servers/employees tried to start a fight with people walking away from the bar for no reason at all. Screaming curse words and taking their shirts off. If this place is ran anything like its employed I highly recommend a new venue. Would not feel safe bringing my children here at all. Not family recommended.
One of my fav 24 hour cafes in Vegas.  My go to item on the menu: Buffalo Chicken rolls.  YUM.\n\nThey have a vast selection of eats on their late night menu... so you might have trouble deciding.
This place is sooo good! Great place to impress your meat eating friends! The best dish is the Kung poa Soy Chicken and the appetizer kabobs are also amazing! A little pricy for what you get but the food is really that tasty and its even healthy too!
Went to the Phoenix Farmer's Market and had some of their delicious morsels.  The Masa is made with great attention.  Most Tamale casing is bland and tasteless.  This stuff had some flavor which complimented the many fillings.  I can't wait to get some more.
Hmmm,  definitely not Sophie's anymore. The ambience reminds me of an asylum or hospital, perhaps a big white and off white crate.  :0/. The parsnip soup is amazing. The server is wonderful.
A yelp disappointment!  This place was no more special than your local Denny's.  Definitely not worth the 45 minute wait.  Save your time and eat elsewhere less crowded.
Honestly, I wasn't too impressed with this place especially considering all the hype it's gotten. I ordered a pound of shrimp with all the spices and it just tasted like a bland mess of flavors to me.
Momo sushi...thank you for introducing me to the bento boxes.  Can't get a better deal than that!\n\nI love this place.  I lived way across town.  But when I do get the craving, no doubt I pay my homage to you.
Best pork chop I've ever had! Rib eye is still amazing. Wasabi mashed potatoes are great and you can't go wrong w/sauteed mushrooms. Once again, service was impeccable!
no need to write long dramatic story. Beyond rude staff. Added 20% gratuity to a 4 person tab with service charge. Bartender cussed us out under her breath. Aggressive manager, yikes.
Nice little place. Enjoyed every bite of my dinner. We ordered pork , and pita with lamb , both were good. Service and speed was excellent . If you local you should visit it
Great atmosphere and the food is top notch. One of my favorite places to go for a great steak. Their Filet Mignon is fantastic. I don't take advantage of it enough but the bar has a great, cheap happy hour as well.
Great place to gamble.  Good location.  But wierd vibe sometimes :-(
Good for a dim sum fix, and a cure for a hangover.\n\nThey've got all the usuals, normal price for dim sum, and attack you once you sit down.
Not the best pizza but good enough for the price. What I like about it, I can customize my pizza any way I like it.
great pizza. great service. worth driving from los angeles for!
Just not that good.  I got one of their 4.50 sandwiches.  Confusing vibe in the place.  Won't be back.
Typical Scottsdale club with a cool interactive LED dance floor and an awkwardly placed taxidermied mountain lion. They were not playing disco music on the opening night.
Communication isn't this company's strong point. The employees are misinformed as to company rules, that or they purposely cheat you out of ever dollar. Regardless of if you are a high paying client or long term patron. They have a monopoly in Vegas with having the most abundant of locations but I highly recommend the extra drive to another salon.
They are open 24 hrs and their mac n cheese is bomb! Even my friend who normally does not like mac n cheese loved it. This is a go-to spot for people leaving XS and Tryst nightclubs late-night.
I had been wanting to try out this place after seeing such good reviews. It was packed when I first came here so the service was a bit slow. There are a wide variety of food you can choose from. All of which were pricey. The food's quality is good so its worth it. Still not impressed though.
I love starbucks coffee. Its good and not bad with the price. I just wish they offered Almond Milk! I want unsweetened almond milk lattes!
Sahara was perfect when I had the college student's budget. But I'll never stay here again, I don't even think I want to even walk in here again. All the rooms smell like smoke even if it's a non-smoking room and the linens look like they're been there since the hotel has opened.
Good sushi in the Southpark area. Inconsistent service keeps this from being 4-star.
The service was friendly, helpful, and the food and drinks were perfect. Cathy was extremely helpful with menu navigation. I will definitely visit again soon:]
Best spot in town for modern designed furniture.  Owner was exceptionally helpful in assisting us with selection, purchase, and delivery of a number of items to fill-out our bare to the wall condo.  You may spend a little more for your selections, but if you're into contemporary style and quality, you won't go wrong here.
I came in here recently and my order taker made me wait so he could complete a phone call. Then after his call he didn't change his gloves. The thing that makes me the most mad is my review of my poor customer service was flagged and deleted. this place is garbage.
Wow that's delicious especially this salted caramel popcorn really good along with the pumpkin the young lady and there's really super nice she'll let you taste anyone you want but be careful at 105   calories for every 4 ounces.  wow look out give me some more Yum Yum.
Customer Service is abysmal.
Hadley has been my Esthetician for years. She gives the most relaxing facials and is extremely knowledgeable about skin products. You must treat yourself! You will be so thankful you did!
Very fun show,I have seen it a few times,They change themes every few years so it's new,IF your in Vegas and not broke ,give it a shot
For an ex-pat from San Francisco, this was a huge find.  A big Asian grocery store with a Mexican section?  Dream.  It has a ton of Asian sauces, spices and snacks for great prices.  It also has super cheap produce and a variety of other basics.
Yums~ I love this place! Despite there being countless restaurants in Vegas, I came back here for a 2nd time before returning home. Both the savory and dessert crepes are delish.
Really great staff - friendly and professional. But the facility is beat. Rugs stained, wanted to wear flip flops in my room. Towels scratchy. They need to raze it and start over.
I'll keep my review short & simple. Ok food & excessively long waiting time for your order to arrive. Judging by all the Bob Marley posters on the wall & his music playing in the restaurant... I'll say the workers are slow to cook & serve because they may be more concerned with being high than serving their customers.
Lobster Benedict was very good. It actually had large pieces of lobster, nice. Hollandaise sauce was bland. \n\nHowever, price wise, it's definitely a little pricey. Most items are $16-22, but it's vegas so perhaps that's to be expected.
Good ole fashion diner breakfast, brunch and lunch. In the days of Denny's, Applebees and the other chains, it's always nice to eat at a family establishment. Everything on the menu is good, can't go wrong. There is sometimes a wait - but the line moves quickly.
I've always gotten good food except once, new cook maybe? but usually the food is amazing and hearty to the point where my husband and I can actually share a meal. I like to go when it's not busy as the seating can feel a little squished and not very intimate.
Thanksgiving dinner at $75 per head was very disappointing last evening.  The food was just average at best.  The food was bland and uninspired.  We will not return here.
My go-to place when I want bad food, amateur drinkers and bartenders who try to overcharge or under-change.
I had a really great time on the \"mug night\" that I visited a few times. This place has a great outdoor area where I could spend hours. Great selection, a chill crowd later in the night, and very friendly bartenders. Would definitely return if in the area again.
The service was good but the food was nasty. Veggies were frozen and overcooked. They looked gray. Steak was not cooked correctly and they did not even offer a new one. I would not suggest this place.
The reason why is because when I tasted the food it tasted like garbage. I tried the honey cashew chicken no taste just flan
OMG, simple (wish it had any level of ambiance) But fantastic Fish and Chips.  Great neighborhood quality ole brit style.  Just roll in newspaper and I'm across the pond.
This place used to be good and I was disappointed the last time I went. Soggy fried rice, the waitress didn't ask us how the food is, I hope they shape up.
Buffet style hot lunch with separate sandwich line and salad bar.  Prices reasonable. Food had been on warmer too long.  Edible but not delectable. Nice decor but I would clean better.
High turnover rate. Slow employees. Always out of everything. Latte are not Consistent $5 for a water down latte.
Amazing service and great pizza.
A completely brilliant store with literally...everything medical... you might ever need or ever imagine you might need (and dear lord, I hope not), but most importantly, a knowledgeable, helpful owner and staff who genuinely seem to care...
The food and service was excellent. Our sever Tara was on point. She was very knowledge. The restaurant is going through some remodeling and it gives it a more modern look. I enjoy everything and will be back
When the question of \"what do you want to eat?\", this is one of the first places that come to mind. Aside from the convienance of it being located close to my house, the food is really good! Quiant atmosphere,  and friendly staff.
Excellent pizza, service and reasonably priced. We will be back again to this hidden gem. We found it quite by accident and I am glad we did. Just the smell of the wood fired oven was worth the trip. Watch out for the serrano peppers growing outside, they have a bite!
Superb photography studio! Their work is top notch, I highly recommend F-Sequence photography.
Back porch = yum, but hit and miss.
good price , but no english. \n\noh well, my nails were still gorgeous!
Best food in the waterfront.\nBest beer in the waterfront.\nBest staff in the waterfront.\n(And it looks like best mixed drinks, as well.)\n(And the cheapest good food, by far.)\n\nIf you're in the waterfront, you should go here.
I don't particularly like chains, but I tried it. The food is ok, but over-priced.  I have had better Italian food for this price range. I don't go here unless friends meet here for lunch.
Took my shoes to get fixed, did not get them back for almost a month because they couldn't find them as they do repairs at a different location. \"Boss\" was no where to be found and even when I was able to get my shoes back, they weren't even fixed. Its a terrible place doing shady business
Service was the worst. Food was ok but it took at least an hour to get to our table! So I asked them to box it! Bad experience and will never come again.
Do not go if you're in a hurry.  Service is extremely slow.
I've been here several times for breakfast and lunch, and I love it.\nAs a mushroom lover, I'd have to recommend the portobellini sandwich. Mushroom-vegetable goodness in a bun.
This place has great breakfast . My kids went crazy. My son ordered the Oreo s'mores pancakes. He was literally shoveling them in his mouth and had his plate clean in a matter of minutes.   Needless to say this is a for sure place we will come back to
This was the worst Smoothie i have ever had....runny, no flavor and overpriced for what you get... Don't bother...Save your money!!!!
Just off the Strip, easy and convenient to get to, and a nice respite from a Vegas weekend.  Clean interior, good service, free egg rolls.  Bun rieu was satisfying, but when isn't it?
Awesome food nothing like I expected! 1/2 price pizza after midnight. Service is great!
Not impressed.  This place doesnt have alot of stuff and I can never find what I need. I rather shop at Spirit Halloween.
I had the biscuits and gravy with bacon. Gravy was very good and tasty. Food was hot. Almond crusted French toast was very good. Syrup made the toast very sweet. We enjoyed a nice breakfast out
The only place I will come to in Vegas for colon hydrotherapy. $50 first visit, $60 thereafter. Staff is kind and accommodating.
My husband and I have been going here for a few years now. It is one of our favorite places. Really low key, affordable, amazing food! Between the 2 of us our bill is never more than $10 and we are always stuffed! I love how casual it is and the humus cannot be beat!
Don't go by the looks. Bad room (I had booked a premium room ). Shower in the room is a joke. Only positive thing is free tickets to Frankie's show. Definitely not coming back
The chef keeps changing so one day it will be good and then you go back and  the same item sucks
Delightfully average. They should branch out and offer a couple different nutrient dense vegetarian options so that there is something for EVERYONE and not just something for most. I do like that they offer discounts on the buffet price for those of us that have a Station Casino members card.
Food is okay nothing special. Every plate will run you about $16 dollars. Service is a bit slow. Share a plate with someone if you can.
The office staff is friendly but don't return calls. There are unnecessary fees for paying rent online and the maintenance department is rude and they refuse to fix issues properly.
PIZZA!!! Plus video games and pinball! Super delish pizza with fresh crust and hot bubbly cheese! Simpy divine! A little pricey but well worth it. If you are in the Cosmopolitan and  want great pizza...stop by here!!\n\nThin crust also!
The place was a fun atmosphere and the people working there were great too. The place has reverse happy hour so I enjoyed $2 Sake. Sushi was pretty good too. I'd definitely go back.
Amazing food, but the worst service I've ever had.
This McDonalds is so close to my place that it's become a task to try not to stop by here on my way home.  So far I have not encountered any problems with either the staff or the food here and the service is still quick.  That's about all I can ask for in a McDonalds.  Keep up the good work.
One of the largest Asian market in Phoenix. Its gigantic..Really bad smell when you enter.. But you get all Asian things there. You get lot of Indian drinks here.
This place is terrible. Hot mess, indeed.
Bad Service, The manager came over to say hi he said he the GM he took his glasses off 3-4 times to clean them not a sanitary thing to do. This place is just another fox group rip off! Sam Fox is A TOOL!!
Good consistent steak house.  Great decor and friendly staff.  Good wine list and scotch list.  Need more fish and steak specials....
Was there a shortage of BBQ sauce today?  Thanks for the non-barbecue chopped salad CPK!!!
Great place. The hot chocolate is really something special. These folks really know how to do macaroons. The only knock is the baked goods are really small.
The freshest most inexpensive, delicious meal around!!  2 of these dollar fifty soft tacos make a plentiful meal.\n\nThe chicken is my favorite- I could eat these little bundles 3 times a week!
the room smells TERRIBLE. we stayed two nights in separate rooms. both rooms smell like hell, cigarettes and all. shower drain is clogged, both rooms. very thin walls. \n\noverall, a huge downer for our trip.
I bring my Chevy here to be serviced & they always do a great job.  Jon is my service advisor & he is honest & so helpful!  He's really a great guy & will take care of you.  I recommend him all the time!
Not open till 8 on Sundays as Yelp informs us.
I'm probably in the minority here, but I think this place is just okay. We've gone several times because my boyfriend is a huge fan- maybe I'm just ordering the wrong things. I'm willing to give Gallo Blanco more chances!
Excellent service by Michele. First time coming to a massage parlor outside a spa. Price is very reasonable, ambiance really nice. Will definitely be coming back and sending the husband.
Play starts off with great ambience as you rollup to order your food. Prices are cheap especially considering this is BBQ.  I had the brisket which is one of the more popular items on the menu.  So onto ratings, I give this restaurant three stars based purely on taste of the brisket.
No Edinburgh visit witout the Castle, its really worth it. We had beautifull weather with a good sight, makes it perfect!
pretty amazing experience. Good seating, good acoustics, pretty much awesome all around. seats were comfortable and the security wasn't completely overbearing.
Fantastic improvisational comedy. I usually go to the 8PM show on Friday or Saturday for more fast-paced improv games. The 10PM shows are great, too. They don't serve alcohol, but the restaurant next door does, and there is a connecting door, so you can bring your drink in!
Very good the pizza was great and the pasta was very good
Only got 3 stars because even tho the Pho was awesome, I ordered and paid for Spring Rolls, but when I got home they weren't in the bag :( I wasn't driving all the way back during rush hour to get them. Plus my Pho would get cold.   Next time I'll check the bag before I leave.
Old. Dingy. Bring on the CONSOL Energy Center.\n\nGo Pens!
Best ramen in Vegas. The broth is flavorful and the sides are great as well. If you're not in the mood for hot noodles, give the cold noodles with the yuzu dipping sauce a try. I'm always amazed by how cheap our bill is with everything we order!
Best Greek Restaurant in town!!
Great burgers. And the Cajun fries are my favorite.
Tasty but slow. Thanks for letting me take a nap on the table. Complicated to make a large res but given that the restaurant has about 4 tables, I can understand why
Stayed there once.  It was easily the worst hotel I've ever been in, including that roadside motel in Vermont.\nThe $.99 shrimp cocktail does not make up for a crappy hotel that looks untouched since at least 1960.
This place is so run down. The service wasn't that great and waiting for a to go order was awkward (where do you stand?)! I wouldn't go back. There are far cleaner, faster, authentic mexican restaurants out there to frequent besides this place.
Came to Vegas for hot n juicy.. No more crawfish really..? WTF..
Not bad at all. The refried beans and rice were standouts.
Stopped by because it's close to the stratosphere. Found a lot of cool stuff, but I sincerely double that this is world's largest anything.
Blue Taj has the best Indian food in south Charlotte. The Tikki masala is just spicy enough and the lamb dishes are rock solid. Try the appetizer sampler it won't disappoint. Decent wine list and good bar make this a worthy night out in Ballentyne.
Had the BBQ Pork Noodles.  VERY good.
Had the Special Rolls Combo: Tiger, Sweet Heart, and Crispy Tuna, more than enough food. CRISPY TUNA absolutely loved! It has all my favorites spicy tuna, tempura seaweed, eel sauce, & more. Delish!
A Groupon deal made this a really good value. I thought the portions and quality made the regular price at least fair. On my second vist, the portions were a little smaller. I think the non Japonese sushi chef is a little less skilled and a little less gernerous. Overall, I am happy to report a good experience.
In the former Applebee's location near the Costco. \nInterior has a sportsbar feel to it with a UW focus. \nGood place to go for a greasy burger.
Such a nice hotel with such sad food. I was overall disappointed, even though the venue was nice. Saw some people from the Glee TV show there, but nothing worth writing about.
I've been there a few times. One of the girls that was helping us wasn't very friendly. Also the food was ok but not good. We could have overlooked the food if the service was good.  One of the cooks there is awesome and friendly.
Just when you thought salt was a constant that never changed you find out it's just the beginning! \n\nStop in and discover a whole new side to salt, cooking and eating.
Overpriced and slightly biased. Didn't allow certain people to go in because of their no jeans dress code, yet allowed others. Makes no sense to me.
Nice clean office with an aviation theme, very pleasant and friendly staff. We have been going here since my daughter got her braces on earlier this year. Our appointment times are prompt and there is little to no waiting time, my daughter is called very quickly.  I would highly recommend Dr. Thresher!!
Food was standard Chinese fare. The wonton soup is very good and worth the upgrade.\n\nWhen I went, they seemed short staffed and overwhelmed. Had a long wait between wait staff visits. Place needed cleaning from an apparent lunch rush.
Classic rock sucks.  Play NEW music.
Service sucks.  No point of being a 7 star here cuz u still have to wait in line and food takes longer to come out then trying to get into pure on a busy sat night.   The ppl here r rude.
Overpriced wanna-be. Probably works for the North Scottsdale crowd (it's all show), but pretty mediocre food.
The food is okay but not worth the price. For 2 omelets and 2 teas it cost us over $40.  I know its Vegas but the service is really slow.\nIts not your NY diner!
It looks cool but the place was full of suburban douchebags and the wait for a lane was over 1.5 hours.  I will not wait to bowl.
This place is pretty cool. Kind of your average coffee shop, but in a good way.
Ducked in for a coffee and found a great French breakfast.  Little bit of Paris in Pittsburgh.
it was okay.....small place but the food was good....large portions....
The place smelled like smoke right as we walked in the door. Ok beer list. Glass wine prices are high. Standard bar food.
Food was good, place was clean, service was spot on, can't ask for more!
Saw Celine last night! She was FABULOUS!
Tried to go for dinner last night, and it was CLOSED!!!   Just tried calling the phone number, and it's not in service.  Anyone know what happened???????
We went to Pittsburgh this summer for a few days to visit relatives, and we found this breakfast place.  We loved it so much that we went back every day we were in town.  Excellent food, great service, and an all around great time.
These guys are amazing! Awesome staff! Awesome workout! Awesome trainers! I have so much fun and work harder than any other workout in town. Well worth the money. Great schedule with several options each day. Try it out!
This is a great ramen place in Las Vegas Chinatown. If you're a fan of ramen and have a craving while in Vegas, go here!
I will admit the place is a definite step up from the previous. The Bartenders did leave me a little thirsty and it took a minute to get one of the gaming tables. I even got a chance to check out the food, not bad for bar food. Now the wish list: pool tables, jukebox, and friendly bartenders,
BEST TATTOO SHOP IN LAS VEGAS.  With their unique different variety style of work this place is by far my favorite.  The guys are super friendly and does such amazing quality work. Love this place
This restaurant has been open for over 10 years,  and the food and staff has been great and very consistent.  My favorite is the Tangerine Chicken,  and my wife loves their Honey Walnut Shrimp. I've never been disappointed with my food.
Been here a few times now. Always excellent. A great choice for a night out with good friends. Different and creative every time. Be sure to experience it...you will not be disappointed
Server had no personality-bad start. Pizza was more like one you would purchase in the frozen food aisle. Crust tasted stale and flat. Cheese quality was below average. $25 price tag was over the top. Many better choices in Las Vegas .
Fun spot!  The beer was decent and the service was wonderful!  They also have mixed drinks for those who don't like beer.  There is a TV and a nice outdoor area looking towards the gardens.
Took for ever just to get water and to take our order. We were there for over an hour before we got our food and it was cold. Will not return.
Had a wonderful family dinner and dessert here. *Kevin* the waiter was the friendliest, most accommodating waiter I've ever encountered! Thumbs up.
This place has the best boba tea around hands down!  Friendly, quick staff.  I always get the Thai tea w/ boba and it hits the spot! Just make sure if you bring cash you bring bills smaller than 20's =)
Good specials, friendly staff, fantastic food.  Salsa was a little runny for my taste. But we have made this a regular stop on Friday nights, especially with  soccer on the tv. See you next week.
We shared a plate of fried chicken on a Sunday night. The food was good and we were allowed to choose which pieces of chicken we got. Our waitress was good another were busy. Our wait wasn't bad considering how busy they were. \nWe will be back because we like fried chicken and their beer selection was good
The steak fajitas were great! Shocked when they added a charge for extra cheese and lettuce. Didn't even get the extra order.  The server never mentioned the extra charge when ordering. All she had to do was mention it when I ordered. Eventually got the charge removed.
I was in town visiting and decided to check this place out. I'm so happy I did! The food was amazing and staff was really pleasant. The buffalo \"chicken\" wings where addicting!
The burger was good, the fries were ok, but once you mentally process that they were deep fried in lard, then what was tasting really good turned into a really guilt-loaded dinner. But it is what it says it is. A truly American restaurant, proud of its decadence.
the place stinks like mop water.
This location Rocks! The staff (both front and back of house) know what they are doing - which is very refreshing these days. Just wish it wasn't overrun w/ so many loud kids. Thanks Gilbert location for holding true to Pita Jungle's standards!
Food was good, service was average at best, prices were higher than average.  We ate burgers, pizza, and chili dogs for lunch but paid dinner prices.  Good food but NO value here.
My favorite froyo chain. Amazingly delicious flavors, lots of nonfat yogurt options, and good wide selection of toppings to choose from! The consistency of the yogurt is perfect - not watery like some of the other froyo spots.
Everyone that was there is gone ad it's gone downhill. I feel bad for the customers that have to wait over 20 minutes in drive thru because there are not enough employees there. So sad.
Great food, great atmosphere Nice place to go and enjoy you time.
My favorite thing about this place is their tortillas. I crave their bean and cheese burrito. I've tried a couple of other food items but didn't fall in love. It's reasonably priced and I love to support a family-owned business. I would recommend this for others to try.
Beautiful store, big and great decoration, great customer service but, the same problem of the Jones location: you order one thing  and they serve other item and the coffee don't taste like coffee, very lite flavor ... And nutella?
Moved here from Southern California where there is absolutely no shortage of amazing Mexican food. THIS is Mexican food done right. The service was also exceptional. Overall, this place wins - hands down - best in Madison.
If you're craving filipino food in Vegas, visit DJ.  I like how large the seating area is and even with the Vegas heat, the restaurant was cool!  Prices were fair and good!  There are lot of choices, you can't go wrong!
Excellent service and the food ... fabulous!  I had ribs, greens, and cole slaw. Yummy!
I really love this place. I like that it is kind of tapa style so you can share with everyone at the table, but for those who don't like that sort of thing you can just get what you like. Everything is extremely fresh and the fact that they usually have Toro on the menu makes it that much better!
Best sushi I have had in Charlotte!
Had dinner here with my friend who is an artist and was showing at 1st Fridays. The swanky decor was really cool and artsy with great lighting. Food was yummy but not cheap. Would go back just for the ambiance and mellow atmosphere.
Great little tailor wedged between all the bars in Old Town.  The couple that owns the place was super nice and they were willing to do a rush job for me when I needed some pants altered before Memorial Day weekend.
The food was sooooo nasty the chicken was dry the service was great until the shift.. it had no flavor at all I wouldn't recommend it to a dog.. and the are overpriced. .
gino's is awesome! friendly and helpful!
Eh considering I spent $10 per salad, it was a ripoff that they forgot the ham :( this is not a good place to go to if you don't have much time until your flight
Weird lay out but very good on prices. Great bulk items and decent selection. However, they don't take credit cards so that is a huge deal breaker for me. I'll just go to one of the four grocery stores on the same block instead.
RIPP OFF !!! they charged for a soup and egg white $45.00 at the casino !!! That is insane. Their staff is rude and impulite!!\nI will never, but never ever, go there again.
Fantastic food at very fair prices, and they have the most AMAZING service. I could repeat what the other reviewers are saying, but will post some photos instead. :-)
This place lost everything because of \"Kim\" working the register. Lose the attitude - smile or go home. There are places where the food - or tea in this case is mediocre but the service and staff are friendly - so you return. Neither were great! There are many choices out there - go try em!
It was the blandest fried rice I'd ever eaten...and it cost me ten bucks.
For being a restaurant in one of the biggest hotels in Vegas, this restaurant falls below the quality of cheap Chinese restaurants. It's expensive yet nothing special about the food. The service is slow. I wouldn't choose to go back there again for sure.
The egg rolls are like no other.\n\nThe food I have had here several times is very good, all I need now is to find which days the nutty aunt isn't working so I can go enjoy the food.
What a joy it is to have this fine establishment in my neighborhood! Get the duck confit crepe, it is out of this world delicious!  Love, love, love this place! Prices are so reasonable and the quality and commitment to local food is something I love to support!
Second time ordering from this place. Best pizza in Vegas that I've found so far! Reminds me of back in New York. \n\nShould definitely try the chicken parm pizza
Sad to say I was very disappointed with my burger! :( It was very dry and plain. I would rather eat in n out.. Definitely not worth the price!!!
Horrible service.  We went with our landscaper designer.  No one at the nursery had a clue.  We ended up asking one of the laborers for help.  None of the actual nursery attendants could help us with answers at all.
This place is AMAZING! If you wanna come here make an appointment with Adriana. She does a great job and she is so sweet! I have a completely different look and I love it. Best hair cut I have ever gotten.
Nice people, busy busy busy place, but always great service, fast kitchen.\n\nThe kitchen is super fast for carryout.
best ice cream in the world!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Really disappointed - place is not as good as it used to be.
We stop by every time we go to the movies always great service and the \"Me Drink\" is on there special board either hot or cold depending on the season is always our favorite. The cupcakes are delicious as well!! Keep ip the great work.
Rooms are great, pool area had many, many different pool options. During the summer it would be nice to have more shade options. Off the path from \"Vegas\" but it is a really nice place with a lot of good options to have a great time.
Dr. Senter and her staff are all fantastic!  They were all very warm and caring toward me and my dog.  Lulu \"our yorkie\" was extremely comfortable with the Doc and staff....not her norm:)  We have found our Vet!  It was a great experience.
the food was good, but the wait is not. and i noticed the reason it took so long was because service really is very slow. there was only on waitress behind the bar for everyone, and the time to get our food, receive the check, and run the check took FOREVER.
Pulled up to this location yesterday, and besides what YELP, and even the signs in the shopping center say, this location is no longer open, and has moved to Pebble/Green Valley. They will be open in late September.
I got sick from this place today. The burger was good but the 'chips' that came on the side were odd tasting. Nothing exciting.
Good food, I was surprised by the pastor street tacos. Great crowd and good vibe. I'm normally here for the happy hour or Sunday day drinking, thought if stop in for lunch. Definitely coming back
Just had the fish&chips.  The fish was fine - crispy and not at all greasy.  It IS the only full service bar / restaurant in Concourse E, so it definitely could benefit from a little competition.
The horchaitas are the best ive tasted... So far.
Got this place from Diners Drivins and Dives. When I walked in to this place it looked kind of low budget but when we tasted the food it was suprisingly wonderful. The only problem was service. They forgot my wifes meal and that took a while to fix. But the food is worth going back and trying again.
$50 for two. So not worth it. Even if i was a obese tourist. Not worth it.
I love my color and cut.  Tanya is a great stylist. I have been getting my hair cut there for about a year and I let her do what she wants and I am never disappointed!
Stop by every now and then to grab a smoothie. They are very good. I'm a big smoothie fan. Also like their wraps and sandwiches. Best smoothie the acai smoothie.
We had a great pedicure experience here. For just a little more then what anyy cheap nailery would charge you can get a pedi that is miles above. Our technicians, Janessa and Stephanie, were friendly and took their time. The facility is beautifully decorated and you totally feel pampered. Great value and will definitely return.
Not bad for airport food... especially Phoenix airport food. If stuck right at that exact location, I'd eat there over the alternatives.
The sushi doesn't seem as flavorful and fresh as expected. Inside is a little cramped with the center bar area being too large to yell to friends on the opposite side. The happy hour food was meh but they sure don't skimp on the sake! I'd say better places for sushi and atmosphere.
Good solid strip Sushi. Good service. Nothing to write home about. One issue concerned me, some of the sushi and rolls that should have been cold were warm.
Worst Pizza!  Frozen pizza actually tastes better.  The booths were torn and uncomfortable.
The food here was greasy and gave me indigestion. I ordered the cheese enchilada and a chicken one as well. I thought perhaps it was just the day i went so I gave them the benefit of the doubt and returned but alas, bad again. I won't be back.
Let me keep this brief.  Mediocre food at best and the lack of service is shocking. Waited for an hour for sandwiches and over dressed Caesar salad. \nThanks but no thanks.
I definitely would not recommend this Pizza Hut. Getting pizza here is a real gamble, but what makes it even worse is that some of the employees, especially the manager, are real jerks.
If I want the DNCs talking points, I'll log on to their website. Garbage should be free! \nFree garbage should be a right, Arizona Repugnant, available to all!
Pricey to have all ALL BEEF dogs; are meal was almost $25!\n-Curly cheese & chili fries had barely any cheese and just a tad more chili than nothing at all. \n-Caramel dipped cones were good, but also scrawny compared to DQ.
Love the food, service, and prices!
Love love love this place. My new spot. Such amazing options to choose from and all very decently priced. I enjoyed the yellowtail sashimi with FRESH wasabi! Greg happy hour as well. The style inside is like a local old school sushi joint- very cool.
I was visiting from Florida and a friend of mine recommended this place.  It was so good my wife and I ate lunch there and had a wonderful experience. Not over priced and the service was very pleasant. If I lived up here I would go back over and over.
Basic and decent gym with good low price memberships. At night are the busier hours and harder time to get to weights. My only complaints are the hours of service and no wifi to play music! My phone service sucks by the treadmills and back of the building.
Great beer good food \n\nOnly complaint is they only have one size pizza, wish they had a pizza to share.
GO SEE THIS SHOW.....\nWe were sceptical as the movie was terrible.  I am so happy we went.  The narrator was SO funny!!  Very funny,  great music...LOVE!!
I have been to this restaurant several time and it seems here quality has gone down hill. After the sloppy lasagna I got last time i figured I would give them another chance but only time find they have slipped even further! I will not be back for a third rip off. Prices are way to high..
It's your typical coffee shop. The bathrooms were clean and service friendly.
This place is good. I love Italian food, this is fast food. Thats why only 4 stars. But it is still great. I always go here when I cone down to Vegas...they need to expand and build some in norcal.
I love peter piper! Love to bring all my grandmas boyfriends to eat and play games. I love balls
Ridiculously fresh and good food! I had the house special rice, steamed dumplings, crab rangoon and egg rolls (2 people). I will definitely eat here again. The shrimp sauce was delicious too!
Lady doing my nails seemed friendly enough, however I paid for a gel mani. Which lasted a whole one week. Gel is more expensive because it usually last 3weeks. The reason for the chips was the fact that the polish was just globed on.
Great drinks, lamb appetizer was great! Would have gotten 5 stars except for the bathrooms which are insulting: might as well be in Indonesia with a room of drains on the floor!
Pretty good. Buffet a little toned down for American spice levels but otherwise good. \nTry their fresh made juices like pineapple - ginger.\nAll you can eat great for dudes with active appetites.
This was my first hand massage ever and this place was amazing! It was so relaxing and they concentrate on every little thing. I hope when I get back to LA I can find a place just like this one! Great prices too!
this is such a long miserable story all i can say is pick another airline
What a nice venue for a concert, we have been here several times for other events and had a great time.
This pool is bumpin on Fridays and Saturdays. Lots of people and music.\n\nYou may want to get there early though if you wanted to snag some chairs.\n\nDrinks are expensive though. $9-$10 for beer.
Damn decent drip coffee, 100% would go back again for the brew. Service with a friendly smile. Great prices. Cool place.
I went to this diner with some friends. I had never been here before but passed it many times never noticing it. By far the best diner in pittsburgh. If ur hungry and this is an option, I definitely recommend this place.
Went back again today. Service was excellent, as usual.  Super fast and friendly. This is the perfect place to enjoy happy hour! BJ is awesome behind the bar.
Price was good.  The guy was nice but didn't really listen to what length I wanted.  A few nails are uneven. Good for price but wouldn't go out of my way to go there.
If you are going to open a burger joint shouldn't you know how to cook one?  Over cooked, salty, and slow service... Nice bar though.  Good drinks and the guitar players were a nice touch.
Good food. Horrible service.
Long long long wait time!  Appointment at 915 am arrived at 845 am, time check 1045 and still waiting!! What's the point of making an appointment?? They should be paying patients 35 bucks for not showing up on time! First and last time going to this clinic! FAIL!
Not a huge fan - but I am not a huge fan of Walmart in general so theres that. Overcrowded, crazy, meh customer service, store was not super clean. I wont be back unless I have to.
Greasy, overcooked chicken tenders and soggy sweet potato fries, served with a side of bEtchy employee who gave me a bag when I asked for a to-go container, saying that was all they had and I could take it or leave it.  Such a waste of money!!
We eat at their other location at Val Vista and Baseline.  Food is always terrific, they have the best sausages in town and the only great German Pancakes we've found.  Place is a little hole in the wall and nothing to look at, but we drive 40 miles for the food!
Love this place.  Its not a Vegas trip without a stop here.  Fantastic food, good atmosphere and a world class beer list.  Sooo good.
Great place with a cool theme. Self service beer taps and tons o' bacon. How can you go wrong with that? Some of the best Bloody Marry's you'll find anywhere. The food menu is excellent as well. Great place to enjoy sports due to tons of TV's located throughout.
Service was great. Food is very good. As close to authentic as you'll get in Arizona !
DO NOT EAT HERE.  They changed my tip and charged me $28 for lunch.  Absolutely ridiculous.
We went there for my husband birthday. The stir fry is good and the beef noodle soup was good. The beef pancake was not fresh. But the price is good.
Fair pricing, prompt and professional, solid work with great results!
the Bento boxes are awesome, as well as the cheap sushi.\nthe yakiniku is by far my fav, next to the Spam onigiri.\n\n: D
A museum full of bugs, mostly dead ones on pins. You will see beetles as big as your hands.
Get two slices of pizza and a drink for $5.99 or just the pizza for $4.99. It's an easy walk from UNLV. The garlic knots are greasy and aromatic. Some of my friends eat pizza AND knots AND the mini box of assorted cookies for lunch.
The great: atmosphere, service\nThe not so great: food and drinks are hit n miss and can be an expensive disappointment.
Fantastic martinis!!
I have been here a couple times now and both times it has been great. This is a really cozy little restaurant with good food. It is extremely home made, hand tossed pizza fired in a brick oven. Make sure to try the house wine. It is extrememly delicious and was so popular it sold out last night!
They have great wings here.  The burgers are awesome as well.  Overall great food friendly staff and cool atmosphere.
This is the First time I have been to this BWW. I absolutely loved it. We went on a Tuesday night. Our server was great, she really took care of us! I really recommend this location.
We go here for their Calzone's, they are the best! The service is always great and the owner is super friendly. The only thing we don't care for so far is the Hummus, a little too bland for me.
I like this store, I think I enjoy it mostly because it's also attached to a Toys R Us which we tend to use more these days.  The store is clean but the customer service is simply not there.  And in reality you'll find almost anything in the store at a lower price somewhere else.
The crab cakes were to die for!
I looooove chipotle. I'm giving this location 2 stars because the staff is horrible. The line is always wrapped around the restaurant but there are normally less than 2 tables occupied. The staff is lazy and rude. Waited in line 30 minutes. Wish there was another one close to me.
Very very slow !!! Asked us to come back in 30 minutes which we did and still waited an additional 30 minutes . Water was cold . Took my daughter way after me which is inconvenient. Not my idea of relaxing
This location I will only go to if I have to its close to my house but tonight was my first time at this location the girl working had no idea how to do anything everything was filthy I like the location on Charleston and rampart way better
Decent food, family type restaurant. Dining room is jam-packed - a bit snug, elbow to elbow. Meal was fine but nothing to rave about; server seemed very nice but just awful. Very slow and inattentive. Not sure why this place is super popular when it's only so-so.
Really good food!!!! I'm so stuffed! Excellent service, the pork sandwiches we had were terrific & very BIG.Their sauce is good too. We'll definitely be back.
Never order takeout on the phone! Great spot for cheap tacos. And the new California heat taco is out if control! Great eats and deals everyday of the week!
High pressure sales tactics. The instructor has very little experience with Krav Maga.
Everything we had was delicious and well worth the money. Staff was attentive but did not pressure or rush us. The lamb and the bison are both great, and the other courses were up to par. It's a special treat for the money, but worth every penny and every minute that you're there.
Friendly staff, good food and overall a nice place. Granola was really good with decent but not amazing fruit. The French toast was very sweet but good. The OJ was fresh and good. Great outdoor seating and parking was easy. Worth going...
they barely have any customer, but took almost 2 hours to just changed some infos and buy new iphone 5C.
Its top less. Enough said
This show is absolutely amazing! It is easily the best stage show I have ever seen.
What the heck happened?  This place used to deliver great value.  Our pizza was served cold, the wait staff was either over-taxed or out-to-lunch.  Regardless of the promotional discount, I may return, if only for a beer.  The pizza is a big miss.
OMG just came out of Fuji for dinner at 845p and Rivergate is running their sprinklers...it's November, shopping center open and causing issues in getting to your car without getting wet.\nMajor fail
Nice place, clean, spacious room.
Frozen hot chocolate is literally bliss in a glass. It's the best chocolate anything I've ever had. \n\nThe restaurant itself is lacking. At 9pm on a Friday, it felt like it was partially dead. The giant looming space didn't help.
Lovely pub in a beautiful setting on the side of the Water of Leith. Relaxing atmosphere and a good menu too. Smart.
Friendliest bar in Vegas, if you're looking for attitude, go somewhere else, the staff is super awesome, and the atmosphere is like having a party at your besties house, \"we're not here to judge, we reveal, and heal\" Love it!
Flight attendant spilled water on my MacBook Pro\nFried it\nI work from home\nIt is my livelihood\nAirline won't pay for it \nCites \"we don't pay for electronics\" \nI want my machine replaced\nNow
Awesome place to eat! Everything was great!!! Awesome cosmo and the pizza was devine!!!!!
Update: Pistachio still thin and watery. Will stick with the other flavors. Bummer!
After hearing all the hype I made a concerted effort to hit sombrero when I came to town. Won't ever know what it's like...it closed early the night I went. A legacy means nothing if the establishment isn't open during its posted business hours. Little respect for patrons.
What a great evening. Food was excellent the service was great can't wait to come back again. I have been here several times before and it's always great to take friends here because you never get anything but great compliments. If you're looking for prime rib this is the place to go.
Both my wife and I got sick the next day after eating at Carrabba's.  The wait staff is friendly and attentive but the food was not prepared fresh or kept at safe temperatures. We will not be eating here again.
On a Sat, there was only 1 waitress for the whole restaurant.  Not once I was asked if I needed anything. Service did not meet my expectations because no one would come to my table.  A little smelly as well, not food but odor coming from the silk plants that has not been cleaned.  Not coming back
Came here for the early Black Friday Deals, they advertised heavy and only had a handful of TV's.  Store manager nearly caused a riot, had to call in over a dozen police officers.
They have the BEST hot dogs ever! They're smoked super BBQ style they're delicious! And the guys staff are super cool! OMG and the soda machine it's amazing as well, 150 soda choices *claps* lol.
I've never had the food, but a friend of mine brought over their banana bread pudding and it was soooooooooo good! I'm gonna pick some up tomorrow!  when i do have the food though, i'll be back for a better review!
Bad service and waitresses unable to do math.  Manager and owner unresponsive to all emails and complaints
Got some chocolate cupcakes here and they tasted like cornbread with cheap chocolate flavoring. Very nasty taste.
Do not waste your time playing this course. Looks like they gave up on maintance. Horrible conditions, bunkers don't have sand, greens are bumpy. Flag stick are broken. Spend your money elsewhere !!
This place in the UNLV SU is seriously delicious. Their rolls have a ton of flavor and their udon is really yummy.
Very professional and efficiant outfit!  Fixed a ceiling fan FAST and they were right on time with the scheduled appointment.  Great communication and very honest from start to finish.  They processed my payment over the phone for my rental property which made things very easy.  Thanks!
Good wings and you can put their large selection of sauces and rubs on any dish. They've just opened and are having some issues with the speed of the kitchen, but have been up front about it before seating you so no issues with that.
Staff is friendly and easy to communicate with. Foot spa massage chairs are in good working order. Will most likely go there again.
So.. call me spoiled or whatever.. but this buffet is not worth the money at all. Paid $45.29 for lunch to stand in crowded lines waiting.. and waiting.. for a very limited selection. Fruit was delicious. Dessert was pathetic.\n\nService was great though.
This place was good & I'm happy we decided to eat here. Our steaks were cooked well & the service we received from Denise was great! My husband always had a full drink & she was prompt. We enjoyed our meal & the ambience.
Great food and lots of options. I had the the bagel egg and cheese, a strawberry smoothie. Definitely recommend this place.
Only been in one time and was really impressed. Great customer service, and a very clean environment. Angus burger was cooked to perfection and super juicy! My friend had the char dog and said it was amazing!  Will be back!!
Best\n steak I ever had...juicy succulent and Delicious!
Mango Pineapple Smoothies - like crack... without the nasty side effects!!\n\nThey forgot my straw - and 5 min wait to make a smoothie.... when I was the only one in drive-through? Booooo
I like to come here every now and then, it's a far cry from being the best at anything.  But it's quick, cheap, and lacking pretension.
Great Family owned place to get all of your BBQ supplies!
The food is okay. I regularly get take out, but it's nothing to write home about. nonetheless, I recommend trying once or twice if you're in the area.
Bouchon is a great restaurant with exceptional staff.  As a Californian, I have to come here for my Foie Gras fix!
While all the food here is awesome, the shrimp burrito is not to be missed. Tons of shrimp, made fresh. I have a hard time ordering anything else.
Over rated and over priced.  I keep getting suckered in to going back and each time i leave with my very lite wallet I always am like, why, why why did i fall for mallorica again.   If they lowered the prices i think i would be more satisfied with the food.
Yumm!  Thai tea, spicy Thai beef salad, number 23a and a 32, all of it was delicious! I recommend this place. Just don't go in a hurry because you will be there a while
Love this place, I feel like they make Ruth Chris look like the MacDonald's of steakhouses.  Great staff, they even asked for my address and my waitress sent me a thank you letter!  Wonderful place, delicious steaks!
Nice little bead store.  Prices aren't the best, but when you need something last minute, they aren't awful.  Great selection on odds and ends that you can only find going into a yarn store.
Most of my visits were positive. The food is usually good. What I appreciate is without regard to liking or not it does not taste like the larger chains. They have pretty much been the same for 34 years.
Delicious pork sandwich with coleslaw and very attentive service at modest prices in a rustic atmosphere
Yummy coffee, and fun at night, in the wine bar. The daytime food isn't bad either.
Rock, rock, pizza rock! Brooklyn calzone and a glass of vino! #fagedaboutit
Sorry I did NOT like this place.  The fried rice was bland, my husband sais he would never got here again.  Was not happy at all with anything but the crab rangoons.
I went there to get some varnish for one of my paintings. I happen to be riding my bike after work. There's no real place to lock up my bike so I thought it would be ok to store it inside on the side somewhere but the old man nodded no before I could get in the door so they can go to hell.
Every time I go here my burgers are swimming in grease. You unwrap the paper and theres a pool of it. Gross! This was my second time here. I figured I'd give them another shot. Nope. Same thing. 2 stars for the Frosty. That's it.
Great spot to watch a game with friends.
Forget all those other slushie bars with cheap watered down drinks.  THIS is the place to go.   I recommend the Cat5 to knock you on your ass!
Amazing macarons! Best in Vegas!!! And I also love love love their sherbets. Amazing store
After a day of drinking on the strip it doesn't get much better than a hot dog smothered in chilli and cheese. Open late. It was worth the calories!
Boulder strip discounted crap would eat if I was broke but that's about it
Sigh...I was really excited to have found another Shanghai style restaurant, but I was deeply disappointed. Food was terrible. Panda Express tasted better than this. I can't believe the owners had the courage to get in the restaurant business with skills this poor. I can't recommend. Don't waste your money here.
Our regular theatre.  Always clean and comfortable.  Saw The Giver today and were 2 or 4 viewers!  The staff is always helpful and nice.  We appreciate the location and typically plenty of parking.  We always have our souvenir cup to get a reasonable soda.
Oh my goodness, this place is the best especially all of the sodas they have. Every flavor, the burgers and fries are great with the special sauce. I would love to go back in the near future.
= = = = = = CLOSED = = = = = =\n\nIt doesn't matter how it was because this place came & went all in the month of January!  Apparently they didn't have a nickel's worth of start-up capital!     :-O
The strawberry sorbet tastes like middle school... Sounds super weird but once you try it, you'll understand.
Went on a Saturday night..the lights were too bright, the bartender wasn't attentive & it smelled like rotten eggs.
Nice, friendly local pub. Food was above average as was the accommodating service.\nBoth my wife's salad and my grilled chicken sandwich were prepared well.
They do NOT give sauce, double check your bag! Asked for a handful, got 1 per sandwich! Dorkwipes.
The food is excellent, the wait staff is efficient, the place is dull.  Don't go for the vibe.  It's really, really dull.
Great service and a fun atmosphere! Really affordable, good for a family brunch or a lunch date with friends. They do have vegetarian options as well! Traditional Benedict is what I alway recommend!
Had dinner here two nights in a row.  The main reason I came back with the wife was our bartender Cooper!  He was awesome and we thoroughly enjoyed our dinner at the bar especially with his service!\n\nLove the octopus, beef cheeks raviolis and everything else!\n\nThanks Cooper!
Great place to go for a movie!! Food was good and pricing was fair and can't go wrong with the service. First time there and will go back again and again and again.
Worst pharmacy service ever! Messed up my prescription several times this year already.
Never had Chicago Italian food before, As I grew up in NYC, But bought the Veal Parmesan Sub and I have to say it was Delicious. Very nice owner & staff. I will surely will go back to try something new. Thanks so much !
Great place for Happy Hour, good selection on wine and beer.  The staff is also very friendly.  Defintely will be going back here often.
Never go there the service so bad I will never go kind of like these place so socksh. So\n Ri long
The food was ok. I ordered mozzarella sticks and chips and salsa. The service was ok, we were never asked if we wanted another beer, and also had to ask for our check multiple times while sitting at the bar. I did like their draft beer selection.
We went here for a friends birthday only because Outback wasnt open yet. I wish we'd have stayed.\n\nThe bartender was attentive and nice. The food was great, and the prices were surprisingly reasonable.
This is a typical Starbucks located just outside of Treasure Island, but be warned as of November 2013 this location doesn't carry the La Boulange line of pastries nor do they accept the Starbucks app as payment.  Not a bad place to people watch on the Las Vegas Strip though.  Everything else is pretty typical.  That is all.
I love this place, it's my go to spot when I get off work,  and I go at least 2 times a week. I usually go in the late nights when Elliott is working and he's awesome, along with the rest of the staff.  I recommend this bar to anyone who lives in the area.
This shop offers pretty good, authentic chinese food. However, I have to say that  most often the food is covered with oil and I don't enjoy that very much. That's really a turn off to me but it has not stopped me from going there for express lunch.
These guys moved my baby grand piano last week. They were incredible. They had a custom made piano dolly that made it look easy. They disassembled and reassembled the piano in no time. They were great.
This reminded me of Great Mall back in California. This is an somewhat outlet and I was able to find good deals from this mall. Was very clean and pretty huge!
These guys really know their BBQ stuff.  Great service and product knowledge.  Highly recommend!!
play it.
Way too much money to have someone rush threw your car do a poor job it was not fully dry inside was very poor it's the only one in town for now so we have very limited choices just stay away and hope Maricopa gets new car wash
Took my car there for the first time today because of the great reviews...I was impressed with customer service, comfy waiting are..my car came out beautiful, missed a few minor spots that my eye would catch..but I would def.come back!
Fastest delivery ever. My pizza is always perfect and I'm always satisfied with their service.
Sometimes old faithful just doesn't cut it.\n\nBeen here 10+ times. It was good/novel the first 4 or 5 but it's getting old pretty fast.\n\nThe food is ok and the staff is fine, just really kind of a lackluster expierience.
Nothing special.  Papaya salad was very fresh, but had no heat added to it.\n\nOrdered a veggie dish as well which was fine.\n\nThai iced tea was good.  Not rushing back here, will continue trying other places in Vegas for thai.
This place is great if you have an AARP card. Cougars???? I think not. more like Camels and Lamas. The bar it self is cool though I guess.
Stayed at the Mandarin for the first time last week.  I've stayed at a lot of luxury hotels around the world and, I must say, this place beats them all.  The level of service and attention to detail is phenomenal.  Comfortable bed, spacious room, luxurious bath.  Everything was perfect.  Will definitely stay there again.
Great show. Awesome music and some good laughs.
Not so impresses it was ok at best
It's ok. The price was decent and it was near my meeting, but I don't think I would bring the family here.
Not a 4 star hotel as described on Hotwire.  Smelled terrible. The staff was lost when it came to reservations.  The cleanliness was not to speak of.  \n\nI will not ever step foot in this hotel again.  Save yourself the struggle and book somewhere else.
Stopped by to exchange some items we received as a gift. The woman who attempted to help us was incredibly rude, unfriendly, and unprofessional and was completely not helpful. Thanks for nothing, Lana! Unbelievable!
I will never go anywhere else for my gel manicures! Stephanie is absolutely amazing and genuinely cares about the health of your nails! She is amazing at nail art and from pictures I've seen she is amazing at acrylics as well! Be sure to book ahead as she gets booked at least a week in advance.
Food ranged from ok to wonderful. Service was horrid. They place looked and felt dirty. We found hair in our food. The green tea was brewed in back and brought out. It was the color and temperature of lukewarm water without the flavor. Of the five of us not one plans on returning.
Best burgers in phoenix.  Fries are very good as well.
I love the rumbi rice it is wonderful.
Dr Patty is the best, love her she is like family
I frequent this drive thru often. Fast and friendly during lunch. Food matches its price point. I rock the $5 lunch menu.
The food was pricey and not that great. There are much better italian restaurants a mile down the street. Our server, I think he was Mexican, was extremely rude to us. He literally tossed the bread basket on our table and just walked away. Never going back again.
Absolutely love their beer!! My favorite is their Chipotle beer! So good and very special! Try it!!
My family really enjoyed our meal here. There was a variety and we had good service. It was a little expensive, but it was the closest thing to us that was open when we were looking for a late dinner after doing the CBS Television City activity.
It's hotter than satan's taint. It was a decent place for the price. Not too shabby. If I can afford a more luxe place, I'd certainly would. But, my friends and I enjoyed our time there.
Nami = Nummy, enough said!
so far from the strip... it costs us a minimum of $14 everytime we wanted to go somewhere or back to the hotel. ugh... with all the $$ we spent on the rides... we coulda def. stayed on the strip...
NASTY\n\nI have been there twice and both time they were rude and acted like I was bothering them even being there.   I would drive to Tempe or N. Phoenix even though I live in SCottsdale.  They SUCK.
Awesome food, that's all I have to say. Soft shell crab was the special for the day and it was the best thing we ate.
Its nothing special. If you want to see a movie it works.
I've been here a handful of times and I've always been satisfied. \nonly 1 time has my food come out wrong and the manager was very apologetic and and had the right dish out in no time. You can't go wrong with the flat bread pizza!
Enjoy this bar very much, always a must hit for at least 2 to 3 drinks, when ever i go downtown this bar is always a bar that i hit. Great spot highly recommended
This place used to be awesome. Food portions have gotten smaller and the menu items continue to become more and more expensive. Unfortunately I eat here less an less, more for convenience. Two stars only because they have improved their eggs Benedict and have increased dining room seating.
It has a great area for kids, plus free circus act shows. If you aren't traveling with kids, then I cannot recommend this casino. It smelled and no one came around with drinks the whole time we were playing craps and blackjack. The place is in serious need of cleaning and renovation.
Easy place to grab a quick bite, however for what it is, very basic and over priced.
This place reminds me of Panera Bread.  I had a breakfast sandwich and a frozen caramel coffee and both were very good.  They had some really nice looking muffins and cookies but I didn't indulge.
Torn between three and four stars for Pasqual's. Service was polite and prompt but not overly caring  The food is good quality but a little overpriced.  A big problem with this location is that they don't have enough parking and I wouldn't park on the street to eat here.
The service was not too great. The Waitress needs to smile more. We were a party of 9. The food was ok, prefer authentic, this taste like it was out of a can. Most likely won't be coming back to this restaurant.
Nice quite rooms and a good location for getting around. Kind of showing it's age though.  Great price!
Great BBQ! the Babyback ribs, just fall off the bone! The place had a great atmosphere, great service and great food. Would highly recommend!
My pants get tight when I think about Pho Thanh.\nThere is little else that I can say that would more accurately convey my love for this restaurant.
Drinks overpriced.  Crowd was somewhat geriatric, except for us, of course!  We didn't have dinner, so can't comment on that.  Will probably go back to give it one more try.
Can anyone say Denny's with a tackier outfit? My stomach's cramping just thinking about this place. Hit the spot at the time because we hadn't eaten in hours, we were boozed up and my feet hurt from walking in heels. Definitely my ONLY Vegas regret.
$20 cover
I had the blackened salmon, collard greens and yams. The collard greens were cooked  perfectly and the yams were delicious. Blackened salmon was a little overlooked and under seasoned.
4 years ago I thought this place was a joke.\nWho would spend so much money to make such crap, its trite and cheap.  \nNow it seems like everyone knows this and its waiting to be knocked down and turned into something else. \nWait for its reincarnation.
The sushi here is very fresh and I always enjoy my meal. I would recommend to anyone in the mood for high quality sushi. Prices can be a little high for specialty rolls.
Called  John to inquire about some bmw parts. He hung up on me 3 times without even a hello. I thought my phone was broken, untill he finally picked up and said \" really, you are going to call me 3 times in a row\"? One of the rudest people i have ever spoken too.
I saw a recommendation for this place in a Phoenix magazine so we decided to give it a try. We ordered dinner combos with orange chicken and Kung pao chicken. We were extremely disappointed. Not only was the food made of low quality it had horrible flavor. This is by far one of the worst Chinese food places we have tried.
I love this place because I can eat healthfully. Steamed chicken and veggies...also it's nice they offer brown rice. The ambiance is nice and almost always get seated right away. The waitstaff is a bit inconsistent but overall, I come here for a healthy big plate of steamed food!
We LOVED La Fontanella and were so sad to hear they had closed. A neighborhood gem that has been around for years and years. Bummer!
The food was good, but the wait was ridiculous to get our food.
A-Freaking-Mazing! I don't normally like big band type shows but this guy was amazing. Great brass section, great energy, great crowd interaction and he's a virtuoso on that piano of his... fun, fun, fun- I was smiling the entire ride home.
Pump #6 card reader doesnt work!!\n\nAnd so when I told the guy inside that, he said, \"oh yeah, I know.. happens all the time\".  ARE YOU SERIOUS!!!???  Then why don't you get it fixed????
Had a pretty good time at this event.  The only thing was it was up top at Suite and it was pretty darn hot!!  The service was good. But the food was ok.  I'm really not a big fan of the Epicenter. That probably has something to do with it.
Best Irish pub in Arizona
It's closed!!!
Excellent stop for brunch.  Had the eggs benedict.  Great flavor, executed well.  Looked like everyone was enjoying the food they were turning out in the kitchen.  Good service.
Great people, great skills. Fellas check it out.
I like what this place does for my nails; especially my toenails. They are thick and hard to deal with at times. Whenever I ask for a design, they always accommodate and have not been rough on me at all.
This bar is pretty interesting! The bartenders dance on the bar every so often, which is pretty funny to watch. The bartenders are very cool to talk to and they make some very good strong drinks. This is a pretty good place to go for a drink or two but not much more than that.
It was ok, but nothing spectacular about it....\n\nTwist on Japanese and Brazilian cuisine
Wow. Take your friends and family from out of town here. They will always remember it- it's that good.
Sugar cane juice was delicious.  I think the slice of orange detracts from the flavor, so get it without orange. Banh mi was flavorful, but I wish they would use the traditional banh mi bread.
A bit pricey but the subs are so delicious it is hard to resist. I wouldn't say we are regulars but we return every once in awhile.
I went there during lunch and got their okonomiyaki and takoyaki. The food took forever to arrive at our table and it wasn't really worth the wait. I would go again later in the day for a more authentic Izakaya experience. Not to self: try their sake bomb.
Ate here recently for lunch, the food was great! the price was great as well. I loved the salsa as well as the cream cheese that came with my flaunt as. What a great kick it had. Will come again.
Expensively bad carwash.
Food's good, but I've always considered Vincent's over-rated & over-priced.\n\nThere are too many excellent restaurants for me to consider it.  If I want that kinda deal, I'll go to Christo's.
Do not come here!!! The staff is unbelievably rude, super over priced & horrible service. They do not listen to you about what you want and don't even do a good job. My pedicure was just the lady painting my toes. Didn't file, scrub or do anything else!!
The employees at this location are lazy and rude. Saw multiple reviews saying the same thing. Usually these things are secluded to certain store locations because it starts with the manager. Also, it's the only Costco location on the planet that closes on Saturday at 6pm!
Same consistent quality and service, just like locations in ca, San Marcos and others.\n\nGood for group of 8.\n\nPrices are reasonable, you can order a few items and try it all, family style.\nPrices $8 to $15 range.
Unfortunately, will not be back.  Felt gross afterwards. Really expensive. Too oily. However, 3 stars for amazing service, beautiful zen decor, and the complementary shot of baileys given with the fortune cookie!
The staff was great, very friendly and whenever there was a problem they did their best to fix it. They serve Starbucks coffee and have a good free breakfast in the morning. Only bad part was that the wifi signal sucks... I had a room right next to the elevator and could only connect if I was standing at the door.
CASH ONLY PLACE. Food was great skip the bacon get ham. Crepes were different but really good. Would definitely go again.
I cannot come to Latitude Eight without eating the Green Curry dish or Spicy Eggplant Stir Fry!! Both are delicious! The Papaya Salad, and Lemongrass soup is delightful as well. This is one of my go to restaurants! I love the atmosphere and friendly staff. The lunch special is a steal!!
This place is pretty awesome. The honey garlic pork chops are highly recommended. We also got the pan fried noodles and wonton egg noodle soup. My favorite dish was the chicken and egg roll vermicelli! Took off one star for service. I had to get my own water...twice. Overall pretty decent food.
Jason was so good to me and my friends! Pool parties, clubs, bottle service, you name it he's got you covered! Would never go through anyone else!
I agree completely with the other reviews. Not sure how good they are at painting, but they excel at constantly bombarding me with telemarketing calls. And the calls come from what looks like a private line with a person's name on it, to trick you into answering. Forget this place!
I have had my property managed by Alliance for about 3 years now. I have had a great experience with them. They have always given professional courteous service. I would defiantly recommend them.
Great place. Ever since i was in highschool I've been coming here. Great for large families and friends. And GREAT service n food
Food was comparable the camelback location. Ping pong tables and patio was great. However,  the camelback crew needs to come down and train the waiters on providing service.
Nice little family place. Some of the dishes I had didn't taste quite right. Overall, pretty authentic though.
Had potato skins and hot wings. Food looked good but was average at best in taste and too expensive.
The service here is really good! The food here is also very good! Of all the other good eggs this one is the place to come too! They have so any different options to choose from..
Newer restaurant tucked away in the Stratford plaza behind Dutch brothers. I've been here 3 times since they opened. I've enjoyed everything so far. I would definitely give it a try.
Ate there for lunch today with a friend.  I got the chicken enchiladas and she got the chicken tacos and they were both very good, I really like their Spanish rice too.  I am glad there's a new place to eat in downtown Mesa.
The low rate is primarily for the service. 4 employees wandering around behind the counter yawning while acting like the customer (me, being the only customer in sight) is interrupting them. Every table top was dirty, no customers sitting down, just empty dirty tables. \nThe food was average, but slightly better than the usual airport meal.
OK car wash for $3 bucks. DO NOT spring for anything more than the $3 wash though. There is absolutely no difference. You can spend up to $20 for a DIY car wash at this place but at the end of it you car is just as clean as those who paid $3.
Service is alright, hate that they close 3-5pm, & one order of sushi takes like half an hour. Not worth it.
The tacos taste great, but they are greasy. Seriously greasy.  Way too much grease.  It's a bummer.
Don't buy this!  You can't get a supervisor on the phone ever.  There is only one number and they transfer to co-workers if there is a problem.  There is no accountability!
The worst pizza and wings I have ever tried. We decided to try it after a friend said the one on 59th was really good. The wings were so dry no sauce, my husband took them back! The pizza didn't even taste like pizza but it as well was not pleasing! Never again!
Horrible front desk. Was given an accessible room (when I did not want or need one) for booking 3 months in advance. False claims of the shuttles to downtown. Horrible horrible.
As far as Vegas buffet's go, it is among the best.\n\nThat said, do not go here.  You will get a better meal for the price at one of the fine non-buffet restaurants nearby.  Less quantity, sure...but more quality.
Well worth the $45 Day Pass fee.  Great atmosphere, friendly staff and amazing services.  I will go back everytime I am in vegas.
The food was ok the most. I had to wait for everything, even my check. I am not coming back.
Thank you Sandoval for allowing me to be in your salon, and making me feel like family.I noticed how clients felt the same way.\nThank you ilse ang gigi also and all the great staff and the owner is purely a positive and creative role model. \nSantanascissorsaz
Missed opportunity.\n\nThe food is ok but the restaurant, located here in terminal B at the airport seems to be run without management.  The employees, while friendly, are horribly disorganized and inefficient.  Get a good Chipotle or Starbucks manager in here and it's a winner.
Great little spot! Stick to their Thai options (as opposed to Chinese) and you won't be disappointed. Try the shrimp fried rice, yummy.
The food is really good. Fish is fresh, food is delicious. I would definitely recommend it!
Granted the place was pretty busy but the salesman I talked to Jeff made it clear he wasn't interested in helping me. Too bad - I was prepared to drop a few grand on a couple new pieces to add to my collection and accessories. With that kind of treatment I have no problem taking my business elsewhere.
Although the club opens at 5am hot food is not available till 6:30am. special coffee machine did not work the day I was in.
I've had better frozen pizza.  Crust is like eating cardboard.  For Chicago style try Barro's, Oregano's or Rosat's.
Mediocre food at top dollar prices. Inconsiderate host/waitstaff. I agree with Matt F...save your money for the Craps tables...especially Casino Royale $3 Craps with 20X odds! :-)
Lots of coupon offers on website, yelp, and groupon  good prices, good food, just wish they were open later
The food is good. But the service isnt that great. We had to wait for a noodle for an hour once.
Go here a lot and make it a dinner and movie stop. Service here is always terribly slow! Food is okay at beat but the horrible service ruins the food! Only go if you don't mind waiting forever!
Canadians that travel to the south know better. Shame on you Lancaster smokehouse for the cold meat and lack of passion. This place is a fast food smokehouse without the fast.
The worst place to have a drink and burger!  Staff are lazy and not very helpful.   Buyer beware stay away!\n\nTables were dirty and the server looked and acted out of it.  Totally disappointed!
I've been here a few times and each time has been better then the first.  I love the poke tacos and just tried the skinny bitch...I'll order again.  Service has always been great.  Super friendly waitstaff.  Nice sushi place close to home.
1. Crowded with narrow walkways.\n2. Wi-Fi - Low capacity bandwidth, free as they know it's value.\n3. Friendly gate personnel.\n4. Good selection of places to eat.\n5. Starbucks everywhere - good.
Food was good as I expected... The 5 stars though is for the service by both the girl taking my order and the gentleman who appeared to be the manager on duty.  The PB&J shake is borderline addictive. Even the bathroom was clean. I will be back soon. Might even drive clear across town to this location.
You can't get in touch with anyone in corporate? Then you know something is up
Love this place. The sizes are a good price('small' is great for two people) and the lady was so kind. You can mix in candy bars, ice cream sprinkles, brownies, or even pie fillings. Hot drinks and boba are available too.
My husband and I go to Zipps quite often and usually our food is good and the wings are great.  We decided to get the wings again tonight and they seemed like they were old and refried.  They were overly crispy and didn't have a fresh flavor.  \nGreat deal on 32oz blue moon however only $6.
Came to this location late at night and was greeted by the friendly staff. Very affordable prices and good food! They even have a dollar menu! I would come back!
Expensive and the food sucks? Not the business my friends. The ambiance is nice and fun, but the food didn't deliver. It was bland and nothing I expected, plus I'm paying an arm and leg for it. No thanks, but get one of those giant cocktails - they're pretty neat.
I was disappointed with the food at this restaurant. For the prices on the menu, you deserve better than overcooked, dried out chicken marsala and a caesar salad that is nothing but a wedge with some dressing on top. The dessert was rich and delectable, though.
I love Cookout. The Milkshakes are AMAZING! The tray combo deal is also great. If you like Hushpuppies you should give them a try here (They are just a $1!)
Concept is great, service was slow, waitress was like a robot, manager was Awesome! \nFood taste was great, good quality ingredients,  food took for ever, not impress!
Fried pickles and pimiento cheese fries to start for the table.  May have been overkill but they were pretty good.  Burgers were the main entree and hit the spot.  Small parking lot, but service was good.
Once again, you cant beat Papa Johns pizza, especially when they are on sale. Quick online ordering & quick (usually) delivery. Pizza always arrives hot, as I ordered it, and tasty.
hip hop hooray for independent minded floral design.  Very nice selection, not your everyday arrangements.
Does anyone even go here? 'Nuff said.
I don't know why we continue coming to this location!!!!!! Every department seems to be: how should I put it \" Lazy\" . Definitely will try another location... ;(
This use to be amazing when Ink was there... Now the service and food is sub-par to say the least... Service was terrible!
Food was good but the service was poor. The waiter was out of sync with the support staff and we had to ask for everything and in some cases twice. Diet coke refill never arrived.
Horrible service, extended wait time while workers converse, once two orders are taken the cashier disappeared for five minutes and ladies restroom is leaking water all over the floor. When notifying the manager the hazard was ignored.
Food was great. We had to wait a few minutes waiting to be steated as there was no host. Service visits to the table were very inrequent, had to wait a while for the check and for it to be returned after money was given. Would go there agin, if just for the food.
Fun Place
You can Not Sit in the atrium and not feel the magic of all the flutterbys!  They are spectacular and beautiful and wondrous for all ages.
I love nordstrom, but not this one. Customer service is absolutely horrible!! Employees are rude and completely unhelpful.
WhAt. A  disapointment......we ordered a salmon plate , my daughter a sirloin and wifey ordered. A shrimp kabobs, we got our drinks at 155 then about 245 we got our plates,food was barely warm, server was alright, though
The brown rice and egg white fried rice is fantastic.  It's not on the menu, so look for the posters on the cash registers.  Or just ask about it.
First time here w/ our 10 y.o. son. He enjoyed the minigolf, we were disappointed on how run down everything was/looked. We wont be back, except to use the go-cart track.
Best Lo Mein anywhere in this town! Their dishes always taste fresh and are superbly balanced. We paid them many visits and were never disappointed. They deliver as well.
Just had brunch and it was great. Can't beat the endless Bloody Mary and Mimosas. Highly recommend.
Don't believe the hype. Lol. It was ok. Had the full montage. Size was ok as well. If you like sandwiches it is a good place to check out and try at least once. Had the potato salad and it was ok too, def not the best I had.
I ate way too much sushi here. It was so good, couldn't stop!
I had the eggplant and ravioli, it was great. Burrata, calamari and caprese was also good. Belinis were weak and served in a plastic glass, a bit weird.
Love coming here, fresh food, pretty quick to order and relaxing atmosphere - plus it shares the same space as Carabou!
Vegetable salad with grilled chicken was very good, fresh and tasty!  Our server kept getting confused who ordered what.  Not too many healthy choices, but the greasy choices looked awfully good.
One of our favorites!  Great Cuban food - excellent service. Always look forward to a wonderful dining experience here and even if it takes almost an hour to drive here, we still will make every effort to be here often.
This is a small acoustic club that is definitely worth the visit.  There is limited seating so plan to arrive early if you want a seat.  The food is pretty good and the service is very good.  I have seen some great shows here and plan to go back often.
4 stars. \n\nVery average Casino/hotel but the vale cannot be beat and thus reaches us at 4 stars.  Always one of the best prices if not the best price on the strip and still get the full casino experience. Have stayed here several times and will continue to do so when looking to save money on hotel.
I wish I would never have eaten here. The food was horrible. Our waiter was fighting with other staff the whole time and acted like he might have a drug problem. I wish I would have read the reviews before wasting our time and money. Save you money and check out NoBo instead!
The parking itself was lovely but the proprietor was honestly kind of a dick about it. Something about not being there to see him?
I have traveled all over the US with my service dog by my side and never have I ever been so offended.  The manager was just downright rude to me and I had no choice but to leave.  I would never go back or give them any support and neither should anyone reading this.
My experience with Dr Ong has been wonderful .He fixed both shoulders and my knee. Has excellent bedside manner,very professional. I would Highly Recommend Dr Ong
Watch your purses ladies... My phone was stolen here
Bad sushi quality. We ordered to go and the presentation was exactly like the prepackaged rolls @ Harris Teeter. The rolls were horrible and SMALL especially for the price!! Never going back.
Great place decor on the mark ..old school yet modern. Good barber feeling with the nice look
Busiest starbucks that I have ever been to. Drinks were done correctly, but they only give out tall ( the smallest) for an ice water.... Even though we spent over $10 on drinks. One of their rules I guess.
Poor quality food. Lousy service. That's what we got for my wife's birthday when at Mix. Never again. Go to Alyzee instead.
Years ago, this was my favorite sushi spot. It's moved down that list a ways, mostly because my tastes have branched out. Decent quality food but it seems like some combinations of the same 5 things are used in every roll.
Entirely doable for lunch. Stick to the bento boxes and/or $4-5 rolls. Was skeptical of the \"Chef's Choice\" sushi box but it was well stocked with quality stuff.
Lobster dynamite is still my favorite.. That dish gets more stars ok! They have a happy hr mon-fri but the selections are just so so \nWatch your mouth if you order green tea.. It is always 300degrees never fails;)
Not even worth the one star. Ordered eggplant parm.  Got spaghetti with some eggplant on top.  Terrible and will not go back.  This cost 16 dollars.  Salad was also bad.  Get a real business.
The wings with teriyaki sauce is awesome!
I only go here for the $45 Hold-Em tourney. I do love playing with the regulars. It's just so gross and dirty and smelly---like a bunch of unbathed truckers had a cigar convention. Ick.
The Ox Tail on Saturday is AWESOME.  It is my favorite time to go because they only have it on Saturday.  The bread is soooo delicious too.  On other days of the week, a shrimp dish is the way to go.  Great place....unique
I have to agree with most.  Fly another airline.  This sucks.\n\ncrummy seating, delays, they nickel and dime you.  \n\nfly southwest if their is an option.
Nothing but a good experience here. Jamieson was extremely helpful in setting up my account and my kids' accounts. I am excited to be a new Wells Fargo customer.
This airport is pretty nice because they have a lot of food options, but they are typical outrageous airport prices. My late night flights to Oakland are almost always delayed too.
best fried chicken I've ever had. It must have been partly do to the sage. So good. Waffles were whatever. I'll definitely be coming back.
Pretty good and super sweet older man as our server. He really went out of his way to check with the kitchen to accommodate me in my requests in changing some things on a dish that I ordered. We loved the sopapillas for dessert too ;) the only thing weird I noticed was the radio was breaking up and going fuzzy which was semi annoying.
too expensive, crappy service, and crappy food.
I was wary of another Asian market opening up in Phoenix because for several years, I was absolutely devoted to Lee Lee's. But Mekong Market won me over. Their produce is clean and fresh, and they have a great variety of, well, everything. Most recently, they also played a bunch of Michael Jackson music, so that was plus.
I have tried this location several times and every time I am dissatisfied with my drink.  They are friendly but the coffee is bland.
Had the Carne asada tacos. The tortilla was dry, but the meat was ok. The place wasn't clean and there was flies inside. For me I wouldn't go back.
This place is great! Great friendly service, terrific donuts, milk tea and boba! So glad I found them and they are in the neighborhood! :-)
Music was awesome. We saw DJ Jazzy Jeff with a live rapper (on Redbull Radio) got to sit in the VIP area and stayed for a few good hours. The crowd was fun, not too packed, a ton of people danced so that is what mattered most. \n\nWould definitely get my groove on there next time.
went here last week and the server was very rude and when I talked to her about it she acted like she didn't care.   I guess I can spend my money other places.
I was very impressed by Dr. Troy. He took the time the listen to me and apply the proper treatment necessary. You can't get any better, especially for $25!
$24 for a pair of pants, no discounts on multiple articles... RIP OFF, dont waste your time!!! I read bad press on Yelp but was at mall anyway so I stopped in. Thanks Yelpers for heads up.... stay far away from this joke of a business
Having a great time at El Dorado enjoying Good  food and Good music. Definitely will recommend you to come.
I was invited for lunch by a member... wow, what an incredible place.  The golf coarse view was amazing.  I had the Kobe burger at the Men's grill and it had to be one of the best burgers in Metro Phoenix.
Not bad but defiantly not worth of waiting 3freaking hours in line! Spend $230 for 4 people, NOT worth it!
I love Panera. Plain and simple. They always get my order wrong, but it's always so good once it's made correctly. Seating and parking are always an issue though. Service is never less than mediocre, generally more on the good side.
What a unique take on burgers!! Asian fusion burgers!  When i came here I got the ronin burger and garlic chili edamame with sweet potatoe fries.  Everything was absolutely delicious. Definitely going to be coming back!
Nick our server was very kind to us! Great service! Fun funny guy! Engaged my entire family! The girls that brought our food out was awesome as well!
Their burrito bowls are bountiful in size! The flavors were all delicious separately but the combination I ordered wasn't entirely complimentary. \n\nCool concept, so I'll be back again but to try something new.
Very nice atmosphere. However, they are skimpy with the chefs and kitchen help.  They can't hold on to any chef. Constant turnover. The last few chefs most likely were nothing more then dishwashers promoted to chef. Definitely not par for the prices they charge for the elderly here.
It's plain, but it's good - tasty felafel wraps, mint tea, friendly waitress. It's not somewhere to hang about, but it filled us up with tasty, healthy food before we headed to the pub.
Hit it at rush hour but the wait want that bad!  This was our first time to here and we were both impressed.  Definetly better than the place with the arches!  Now I'm going to have to keep an eye out for this chain as we travel.
Good food, but fair ambience.  Our waiters were efficient, but lacked personality and attention to detail.  The wine selection is fair...I will try this again when fellow diners do not have their cell phones turned up to max. volume...way too much ringing and disturbance for an enjoyable dining experience.
my parents loved ya'll.\nget your scallop and bass lovefest on, right here. right now.\nhuthuthut.\npregame before your meal. get you feelin' like you're on XTC while dancing away in  a drug raided techno club
Food was great and customer service too. Great pricing. Totally recommend for anyone wanting to get away from the hustle n bustle of the busy side of the strip
I visited the temporary shop sale last week and scored an extra 25% off of an already ridiculously good priced hangbag! I saved around 65% all together which is insane! And this was not at the outlet. I'm insanely happy with my new hangbag! The workers were so nice, and very helpful.
Quality ingredients = good food. Chicken Francese is the bomb! ...Also sausage & peppers appetizer was really good. ...Cool location is directly across from Wynn.
Just had my haircut an hour ago and already two strangers have complimented the cut. Jason's work is the best in town.  He really understands how to make wavy, unruly hair look fabulous.  Plus, the scalp massage, complimentary coffee and hip setting makes one feel they are getting the star treatment.
I took the wife for her birthday since she's never been there. I'm glad I did she liked it. The food was good and fresh. The show the chef gave and seeing the food made right in front of you was great.  I'd go again. Get reservations if you plan on going
Turnover is horrendous past 6 months. Service sub par and orders come out wrong. 3 out of 5 orders wrong in last two weeks of purchase.
What can be said that hasn't already been said over and over by others?\nThis is just the place to go!\nFriendly staff, welcoming vibe. Only issue is it can get crowded due to lack of space--but, hey--maybe that's part of the charm.
It was okay here,  definitely not bad.  I had the quiche and it was very good.  I didn't find the portions to be as large as the others say.  The atmosphere is cool.
The good: the atmosphere is great. Chalkboard menus, baked goods on display, Christmas decorations already up (nov 2).\n\nThe bad: the gingerbread latte was a little bitter. The potatoes were a little dry.\n\nThe ugly: my buddy Will that I went with.
AMAZING!! She stopped in my office and gave me a little sample massage. The best 10 mins ever! I'll be booking a full appointment asap.
Our waitress was a grouchy bitch, and there was no fresh OJ, but other than that it was OK.  Loved the sign at the register that read \"No Open Carry\" of weapons.  Hahaha!  I was concealing, anyway...
Had a really great blueberry bagel with strawberry cream cheese!  Saw the reviews and was a little nervous but mine was perfect!
This was some excellent Bolgogi! The restaurant is small and pretty quiet. I take the silence to mean that everyone is eating and enjoying their food thoroughly. The BBQ was a little bit pricey at 10.99, but it is very filling and worth that amount.
I was craving something ethnic so my friend and I tried this place out for lunch.  Lot's of choices on the buffet, more than the typical Indian buffet, plus three kinds of desserts, mango lassi and garlic naan.  All this for only $8.95.  We will be back without a doubt.
We were lucky to have such a wonderful experience in Montreal, our friend suggested we go here and it was beautiful.  Best Strawberries I have ever had!
I hate the place, but my Wife loves it.\nWe BOTH love FLO'S, about 1 mile to the North.\nFor some reason, entree's are poorer, with carryout.\nAvoid ordering any of the Soups ...... their pretty poor.
came back late at night - the room was smelling bad, and I found that the tub was completely filthy with... I'lll spare you the details. I was moved to another room, but I am still waiting for an apology, a staff member suggesting to cover for the night... avoid by all means
This is not your usual run of the mill type of Filipino resto... The food is fantastic and well prepared and truly your money's worth! I highly recommend you try Ray's you won't regret it. Kudos to the chef and staff!
Eggs Benedict was delicious with perfectly poached eggs. The hashbrowns were crispy. Service was fast and friendly always refilling and checking up on our table. Easy to find in the casino. Known for their baked goods. Reasonably priced compared to other strip restaurants.
The fish tacos are delicious. They have good unsweetened mango tea. The manager and employees are super friendly.
Today we took this cab and I felt really unsafe while we was riding with the driver. He did not know where to go when we told him our destination, then there was a photo of a person stating that he had a license to drive a taxi and it wasn't even the driver. I will not ride with then company again!
Just had my car serviced, they did a great job! Friendly staff and probably the cleanest auto shop I've seen across the country. Everyone should check these guys out! I know where I'll be going for all my car repairs from now on.
Just threw out yet another shirt that was damaged at this location. That makes 12 shirts so far.....
called at 5:15pm.  they closed at 5:30 but told me to come by.  I wish I knew the name of the woman who washed, cut and styled my hair as well as plied me with champagne AND did my makeup.  I am not from Phoenix but if I was I would never go anywher else.
Great place. I go there often.
YA! Great ice cream in downtown phoenix that is open late!  Udder Delights from Gilbert makes it way to the city.  The staff is super friendly and the ice cream is top notch!  Hit this place up ASAP.
\"I'm here to pump u up!\" My favorite la fitness, maybe bc its close to home or maybe bc there's lots of fat chicks!!
Portions, food, & service were top notch. It was 2 couples and 5 kids. The restaurant is a bit cozy, but we were incredibly pleased with everything.  There was plenty of room in the bar while we were there. There is a parking garage right next door & there was a decent amount of on street parking available.
If you like old people sitting around talking naked in the locker room or sitting on equipment doing nothing  or a ghetto meat market where a knife fight can break out at any moment this gym is for you.
This place is great. It is cool how they turned a church into a brew pub. The pom frites are awesome and the pizza is good.
I've been coming here for 4 years and the service is starting to decline. The sushi seems to be thrown together with careless effort. This used to be the best spot on the north side of town. Sadly I haven't been here  in two months.
On every occasion I've had snotty, inattentive servers. To tell you the truth, the food is anything but outstanding. Certainly not good enough to ignore the not-so-friendly wait staff.
Desert was great - beer was good.  Food was under seasoned a bit with out the sauce.  Husband liked it with.
I have given this place several chances and time after time to keep letting me down. It seems that I never get a complete wash their spots all over the windows smears on the glass. I don't expect a complete detail for $17 but I do expect at least a good wash
First time at this new BBQ and I was very pleased with my dinner. Had the baby back ribs and they were excellent. Right up there with the best I have had in AZ. The brisket was good but a little dry. I will definitely go back soon and try other menu items.
Horrible Service! We've been waiting the chef so long and also the chef won't start cook if the table isn't full. Never coming back here anymore!
On their door and on yelp its stated its open till 9 on sat. We got there at 8:15 and it was locked and the guy who was working the place didn't even respond to us standing outside.
my husband is A swedish national trapped in a land of desert cuisine.  when i found this place he nearly flipped!  he said it was excellent, authentic, and just what he wanted.  going back today for lunch!
With 4 adults and 5 kids Kitty did an amazing job keeping us happy and making us feel comfortable at the dinner buffet. The kids had a blast and we're entertained by the staff while the adults ate. Thanks again Kitty for a wonderful night.
Great food,HORRIBLE service...Never going there again,so many other places to eat that have fantastic service!!! Needless to say the horrible,unfriendly waiter didn't receive a TIP!!!!! Management really needs to take a look at their help before they lose all their customers!!!
Went there on a Sunday night of a long weekend. Crowd was not that great but the music was good. Sat outside during the summer night. Good place to be. Not sure if the crowd ever changes, if it gets better, I'd recommend Tangerine. If not, then you might want to check out some other place.
Eh...staff is friendly, very little to choose from on menu, 0 honey means no bees, must all be at Lux
Rude, very. I don't have much else to say.
Went th ere today to take advantage of their endless enchilladas.  Service was outstanding. Very good atmosphere.  Food was a real bargain when you consider al you can eat enchilladas for eight bucks  and they were good.
Well done!
Sooo awesome. Your visit here is not complete till you order a $38 smoking goblet drink. Service was good, food was amazing and touring the candy shoppe after our meal was icing on the cake. Can't wait to return!
Tough to get a drink here.  My 93 year old mother, her 87 year old friend apparently didn't rate the attention of the table service.  Oh yea, the chicken wings were grossly overdone but no one seemed to care.
The fish is always fresh and top quality. My son and I always goes to Sumo Sushi II every time I have a craving for sushi. We used to go to 808 sushi but the quality of the fish is not what it used to be.
Didn't have any rooms ready or even close. The manager of the place said it \"was out of his control.\" They were rude and caused us to relocate to another hotel. Terrible customer service and spiderwebs to add. Not even worth the star.
Very good with our dog. Staff are friendly and make sure that your pet is well taken care of.
Good vibe, good food. Too loud on weekend nights. Make a choice, nightclub or dinner.
Badass tacos and fundido. They have it all - drinks, foods, cute waitresses. The food is good quality, tasty & fresh. Good service, quick, good drinks. Go there and do stuff.
Very nice place.  Actually, too nice.  I prefer my bars on the grimy side.\r\n\r\nUsed to be a cigar bar but the local legislature has put an end to that.  They probably should have been given an exception but that's an arguement for another time.
Everything is way too greasey for my taste!
Solid little japanese spot in Chinatown. Went here the other night with a friend after training. Good food and very affordable prices. It's worth checking out.  I would go again and recommend to friends. The chicken katsu curry was a great dish and very filling.
Phone person has no personality have to repeat 3 times still don't get it right food is ok years ago it was a lot better changed owners 3 times in the last several years
I don't like Walmart and only go here when I need something that I can't find anywhere else.  Everytime I go I regret it.  The people who work there are rude and so are the customers.  It is always busy, always lines.
I love this place! I can count on good food, fast service and a courteous staff. Their wraps are incredible and my wife is a huge fan of their egg bagels and coffee. Apparently the new ownership has really turned things around. Kudos!
The food here was awful and over priced. The one redeeming quality was the mariachi band.
I have been in search of good food for breakfast and kept getting this place as a recommendation. However, after visiting I thought the food was not as good as even a IHOP. I wouldnt go back or travel for this place
Greasy pizza and breadsticks.  I used to love this stuff as a kid, but now it gives me the runs.  There is better pizza out there....
Nice place to get an idea of what \"Old Vegas\" was about.  Decent food and nice selection of table games and machines.  Truly beyond it's prime.
I really wanted to like this place because I loved our neighborhood Capriotti shop in Henderson NV. However the black and blue salad was MISSING the blue cheese! Got the order to go and did not know they forgot the blue cheese until we were home.  I will return but will check the order thoroughly before paying and leaving the shop.
Overall good Thai food. It was annoying that they really skimp on the rice and charge for extra. Recommend the Khao Soi.
\"Nice family restaurant, with decent food at a decent price. Nothing outstanding, but fun to attend!\"
I would give them a FIVE star if they did just ONE little thing differently.  That ONE thing is to serve the food for everyone at the table at the SAME time. The food is tasty..just that ONE thing.
It seems every time I am in downtown Phoenix I find myself looking for a reason to go to Hanny's. Great atmosphere, good food, and dependable service. It's super cute and I love bringing new people here for a cocktail! Reminds me of Mad Men. :)
Fun.  Like many things in Vegas, this copy of the Munich Hoffbrau Haus has all of the form and none of the substance.  If you're looking for an authentic experience, this only partly fits that bill.  That said, the place is blast and I've always had a good time.
Yummy food; good service.
Over priced hotdogs the size of my pinky.  Nothing special, won't be back.
Why would u go here instead of an army surplus store for emergency preparedness? This place was so lame. I guess if you really want to experience a place that has a couple of fake zombies posted up in and around the store, then knock yourself out. That was about the only thing unique about it.
Very expensive. Our food was lukewarm and just not worth the money.
Fantastic ambiance, quick service and food was delicious. The best one was the kobe beef roll, and octapus roll.
A little overpriced, but twice I've had good food here. The duck confit could have been more tender but it was good enough. The outdoor seating gives it a Euro feel, but the American music kinda kills it.
It's a Macaroni Grill... not much to say about this... if you have gone to one, you have seen them all. Nothing is really memorable. Including the service. Prices are reasonable.
Dr. Steve is fantastic and really wants to help you feel better. He cares about the health and safety of your spine. I would highly recommend him to anyone. There are a lot of horror stories about chiropractors but Steve Gubernick is someone you can trust with your back.
Basil Chicken....\n\nI really liked this place. I brought 2 other people who dont eat a lot of Thai food and they both loved their dish. The Cashew Chicken and Basil Chicken were both excellent and the Satay sauce was delightful. I would definetly go back.
Had a mountain bike frame coated here. The quality of work is second to none, and was completed within a very reasonable timeframe. The cost was also very reasonable; a bargain when you consider the quality. I would recommend Snail Motorsports to anyone who wants something powder coated, and will definitely be a return customer.
The cake it self was tasted great, fluffy, and moist. However the decoration was so far off that I can't get passed it. Green Bay packers. The frosting was a very light green and the helmet was freakin pink.
I love the Samburger with Bacon and Avocado! BUT... I was SOLD once I ordered the Double Truffle Fries!
Clean, quiet, very nice staff, good burger and fries. Middle of the day, so I didn't check out the beer selection, however I did see several taps. Lots of TV's! Not a bad spot in the bar. Not a very big place, compared to competitors, but decent.
The atmosphere was nice however after the $30 cover I was not pleased. and the bouncers show favoritism and the music is wack....
My go to place for chocolate covered gummie bears until they switched to these new ones!! Please bring back the old chocolate covered gummie bears!
Too expensive for the burger.  Rather eat at Red Robin. More for your money
Decent Chinese food in Scottsdale.  A bit pricey for the portions, but better than most Chinese I've experienced out here.  I dig the availability of brown rice.  This place will do for takeout.
One of the best middle eastern restaurants in town, and the beef kobaidah kabob is extremely delicious and juicy that melts in your mouth. I could never have enough of it
This is the buffet for seafood lovers. All you can eat lobster tails! Of course, they are on the salty side. Actually, many items were on the salty side. Drink up that water and get full!
I'm from Thailand, and I can say that \"Weera Thai Restaurant\" is one of the best and most authentic Thai restaurants in the US!! Believe me! My Thai friends and family love this restaurant too.
Great little waffle/breakfast joint on the South Side.  It was a little pricey and the service was sluggish, but the food was great and the portion was a decent size!
Overrated, from one little issue I had with billing nobody would take responsibility, management don't make any of their employees accountable for their mistakes, and gives you the rounds. Completely unhappy and will not recommend it, stay away from this people. Too bad the building and the area are nice.
I always love Pei Wei, the food is fresh, there's always new variety.  This Pei Wei is always clean, service is fast and friendly.
Coach House is a divey, kitschy beacon in the sometimes overwhelmingly pretentious Scottsdale scene. I love their mini-pitchers - not to share. They just need PBR on tap to earn a full 5 stars.
I was disappointed the meatballs in my sandwich were over cooked and hard as a rock I could not even eat most of it
Hannah has a way of making stubbed toes, sore muscles, and bruised shins feel sexy, feminine, and empowering! Every session with her is not only good for your body but also your confidence and your OWN heartfire!! Thank you Heartfire Hannah for making fitness beautiful and something to look forward to!!
Nice resort located in downtown Chandler. The rooms are spacious and fairly comfortable . Chill by the pool and sip on a margarita from the pool bar.
I paid extra for Kim chi and did not get it in my take out as well as the macaroni salad. When you do not complete an order, you get a bad review.  It is important to check take out orders. There is nothing more annoying than getting home and finding out food you ordered is not in your bag.
Ray took longer than he said originally and charged us more than we were quoted.
I dont find myself in River Island too much. I dont think the clothes they sell particulary different or interesting. However they do sell some lovely maxi dresses for the summer but this is only avaliable in the largers stores. The few times I have entered this retailer I have found the attitudes of the staff much to be desired.
As far as veggie burgers are, this is an elite burger! You can get it with 30+ toppings, and no mattet how you havevit, you can't go wrong! Love love love!
I have never understood the hype around this place.  The food is average at best.  I've had cream-based pesto here which is just nasty and not authentic at all.  Even the basic tomato sauce is pretty bad.  I find it very acidic and overall lacking in flavour.
Horrible Service rude staff, doesnt take reservations, owner Michael has been seen disrespecting customers.  Food is marginal at best.  This place wont last long, too bad.
This is a good place to eat. Food is very good and fresh. Price is decent and the staff are friendly.
I love this place! Especially the outdoor section. So many fun finds and it changes all the time. I have found so many great things here. My only complaint is the prices. They are, at times a bit out of line.
Have always loved the food here! You must get a dish with their noodles! Or you are really not trying what the restaurant thrives at. Like going to a BBQ restaurant and getting a salad. \n\nBlack pepper beef, made with noodles. Its my staple, its amazing. Lifetime customer
I used to be a big fan but the quality seems to have dropped off a bit.
It's Olive Garden... So of course I'm not going to give 4-5 stars. Friendly service, prompt wait staff, drinks come fast and the $11.99 3-course meal going on now is a pretty darn good deal.
Great ambience, okay service, boring food. Food was typical \"fusion,\" heavy on the pseudo-Chinese influence, kind of like a Thai-inspired PF Chang's. Definitely not terrible but I won't go back.
We stopped in before a concert.  The food was good, solid fare, nothing too special.  The prices were a bit high.  If I'm in the neighborhood, I'll definitely stop by again.
This place is the BOMB!! I went there on my birthday with my family and i LOVED it. I typically do not like bbq, but this place was soooo good. Because it was my birthday I got this hooked up piece of cheesecake which was to die for. A MUST GO!!
Love this park! It has something for everyone. I will continue to drive the distance to go to this park.
The Texas is great for family bowling. If you join a league they have excellent discounts. There is a good pro shop were they have balls for newbies and the highly excited experienced. Providing the ball you choose is in stock they will drill your holes on the spot with a short wait.
.Beautiful, water-front stadium
Terry Fador was amazing! He could have been a show just with impressions, but since he added his ventriloquism as well... Spectacular!  Would go see him again!  Check out his original song \"Are There Horses in Heaven\".  Made me cry!
Sunday's need i say more......1/2 price steaks yes i said more :)
The wait to get in was \"35 minutes\", told to me by the hostess... Actual waiting time: 60 minutes... Was I supposed to\" read between the lines\"? The food was ok.. not the best ever, but the waiters and waitresses were sweet.
Overall my expereince with Egg and I has been pretty good. They have a good selection of Omelets and their potato browns are enjoyable. I'm not completely blown away by this place, but if you can find an entertainment book, you can get a coupon for Egg and I at a buy one get one free rate.
Hi. We got picked up late by one bus driver, which took us to the airbridge Office Depot. We had to wait there inside the bus for over 20 minutes waiting to be registered and assigned a different bus. We ended up transferring buses three times and the third bus was in pretty bad condition.
DO NOT GO HERE!!!!!\n\nThey discriminate. Friends of mine were turned away with no help because of the fact that they are a same sex couple.\n\nWhat century do we live in again!? DO NOT support this business.
A lovely little, hipster style coffee shop. Clean, slick design and beautiful decor.\n\nFree wifi combined with exceptional coffee... Awesome. I had a flat white & will try a loose leaf tea next time.
I did have high expectations because of Tom Collichio's name and the fact that I LOVE Craftsteak, but this place was disappointing. The sandwich I had was okay but nothing special. I've had better sandwiches in Portland.
Even in the cooler months, it's still very warm inside this post office..  in the summer months its unbearable.
If I lived in the South Hills I would come here all the time. I am not even sure how the pizza place across the street stays in business. I suspect that after the locals are done getting hammered off of Bado's awesome beer selection they need to order some crap when homebase has closed. Or it is a front for the mob.
It was ok. The pizza was good and \"foldable\"\". Garlic knots were dry with no garlic - really disappointed in those. Unfortunately I have nothing fantastic, witty or biting to report. Very middle of the road.
Average sushi. I could not tell anything special about the flavor. Spicy tuna roll was not really spicy. Rest tasted kinda bland which Include dragon roll and spider roll. Though not bad place but I expected more for the price.
Good music, good beer and good fries. The fish in the fish and chips were almost impossible to eat. The service was not so good too.
Everything was good here, but not memorable.
Love the Bowl Fish drink they had to offer. It was fabulous. \n\nOverall, we had a good time here. Food served was good. Appetizers varied from nachos and calamari.  The enchiladas with the Columbian spicy sauce was definitely good.
Hey, this is a gas station so not much to really review.  However, this place can get so crazy busy I just pull away without waiting to get gas.  Just too crowded to really easily navigate around the pumps.  Not a bad place to get gas when it isn't crowded.  Decent enough automatic car wash.
Kinda gross... This short girl with glasses was working the register and handling the money. She then proceeded to make my ice cream WITHOUT WASHING HER HANDS. I definitely don't recommend coming here.
I took my kid in for wash/deep cond, she has VERY CURLY hair that tangles EZ, Sasha complained about her back hurting & it taking to long for her to comb out. Her 1st experience & probably last
The beef noodle soup is FANTASTIC! The beef was tender, the broth flavorful, and the portions were huge. This is a great value for the cost.
Great food. My wife had the grouper, which was one of the BEST fish dinners either of have had.....ever. Lost a star because the bartender we had while waiting was clueless. Will go to the one in NY when I get home.
Awesome restaurant! Lots of choices on the menu. It takes at least 10 minutes to read through all of it. I recommend the thin crust pizza. It is to die for. Lots of options to choose from no matter what you are craving. Outdoor seating is nice as well.
Government inefficiency at its finest.  The cost keep going up because of union entitlements. yeah! We as tax payers get to shoulder the burden.  Mail should only be delivered 4-5 days a week.  All the junk mail and bills are welcome to stay at these facilities as long as they want to keep them.
Closest Hawaiian food from my place. If I don't feel like driving to L&L. Just as good! But katsu at L&L is better in my opinion
Rude and disrespectful staff. Bartender actually put a straw in my bottle drink and took a sip of my drink and his fingers all over the mouth of the bottle. Gross!!! Bar is dark and gloomy. Avoid at all costs.
Great happy hour and bar staff!!!
I stopped here to get a gift card for a friend.  They had them at the register, were quick to get one for me, and I was on my way in a short time.  Now, I have to go back to 168 and check out their goods as my friend really enjoys shopping there.  I'll update my review after that visit.
Outstanding burgers, beer and service!! We sat at the bar and we couldn't ask for a better time.  The Melting pot for our burgers and we did the 4 samplers for beer. Spotted Cow is a win win!
Michelle took care of my elbow. She's cool. Never went to a chiropractor before, so I can't compare to other places. So far so good
Very good Pho! It filled me up and was delicious. The bowl was huge and the noodles were cooked perfectly. The staff was kinda slow but that's ok. The pricing on most soups was under 6$. Ordered two soups and two sodas and my bill was 13 dollars! Can't beat that.
Honestly hands down best meat.   Their bacon will ruin you.   Never frozen fresh whole chickens not stuffed with fillers is insane.   Best lunch meat prices for boars head in town.
I will try this again.  The interesting food on the menu excited me, but the actually food was disappointing.  I tried the kale salad and it was mediocre.  I tried my friend's BLT and it was good.  I will try again, but my first experience wasn't the greatest.
Good typical boba, slower than the second coming of christ service. This place is getting on my last nerve.
$2 craps table= awesome, when you're feeling cheap and near-broke, a $60 stake lasts a while.\n\n2x odds?  Get the fuck outta here.\n\nI give 2 stars for the copious amounts of $5 pai gow tables, but not much else.
The sushi was excellent, and has a fun and inventive atmosphere.
Came in and everything looked amazing, but once I got home with my donuts they were all completely RAW in the middle.  Not cool, guys!
Parking was absolutely atrocious,  had to park forever far away and walk. I ordered a shrimp dish and the shrimp was badly over cooked. I had to send it back for the chile verde, which was delicious. Margaritas were great. I think the prices are high for the quality. Nice bathrooms and great service though!
The pharmacy staff is amazing. The get your prescription filled while you wait. The pharmacist is super friendly and seems to remember me and my husband as well as the meds we take and our conditions. She has also has helped push medications thru my insurance company.\nI would drive across town to go to this pharmacy
As always, the Cheesecake Factory did not disappoint.
Mimi's Cafe  is a good breakfast place so far the service is good, food sometimes good, sometimes some mishit. Overall Mimis Cafe is good.
Went for lunch today. Lobster bisque was outstanding, as usual, but the steamed buns were terrible. Could not tell the duck from the beef short ribs, because each tasted like a salt lick. Only reason for 3 stars is the bisque and previous dinners. Hopefully it was one bad day.
I have visited Indian Paradise on several more occasions since my first visit. The food remains very good as well as the service. Prices have gone up a bit but is still good value for the money. Try the lunch time buffet - great variety and the food is fresh and well priced.
Good pizza but can be a little oily/greasy.  \n\nNot really sure what else to say here.
Not very good food, especially for the price walk a couple hundred feet and get something to go.
one word...amazing!!!!
Food was pretty terrible honestly.  I hate to say it because I love hardworking immigrants, but the food and restaurant decor were really bad.  The place even smelled funny.
When I'm 80, I'm gonna love the hell out of this place. No conversation, no music and no hassle. I can die in the corner with a silent dignity.\n\nBut right now, I'm young and I hate it. It's a bar for dead.
Fancy little mom/pop sushi resturant and bar that feels like a trendy franchise. Excellent ombiance and food! Would have rated 5 Stars if the greeting staff and overall service was a little better. The hostess/manager was kind of rude and could've smiled and been nicer.
Now I remember why I stopped coming here they charged me $30 more than where I normally go to the same services and service is not that great
My husband and I had lunch here for the first time in years. The service was good and so was the food. We enjoyed the new lunch combos. We are looking forward to trying them all. We will definitely be back in the near future.
What large, filling burritos. The salsas were tasty and the cucumbers/pickles were also tasty. Good horchata. Prices were really cheap. The tortilla seemed a little oily rather than just steamed.
This place has good food, it lost stars 1 for price and 2 because one of the ladies waiting on us knew no English....and pushed water on us (not physically) instead of just taking our order for drinks
Rice and beans not cooked....award winning Pork? Lmao. Soooo greasy. Mass confusion along the service line. Decor looks like a kindergarten classroom
CLOSED - Out of business as of 10/13/13\nJust found out that last night was the LAST night for this club.  Too bad!  I really thought this place was fun because it was different!
After waiting over an hour for delivery they called to say there were out of zucchini. They could have told us at the time of the order. Poor communication, poor planning. Don't wait an hour for your delivery only to be called at the time of the supposed delivery to be told they are out of food.
Wow! What a nice find! Sorta out of the way. But really happy I tried it! Service was good! Food was great! I had the bacon cheeseburger and my friend had the patty melt. We were both very happy!!! Will definitely be back!!!!
Hands down.....THE BEST BURGER I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE!!!\n\nLoud and crowded, but who cares when you get a burger like this. Will be back and back again and again. Hope it never disappoints.
Food was good service was slow I don't know why there was only 5 tables being served.
Average at best.  Nothing special.  Decent place to have a few beers and watch a game.   Food is a little subpar. Wings are ok but had buffalo wings but seemed a little under done so didn't bother eating them.
Taco Tuesday is the best! The Horchata is made in house from scratch and is the best I've had. Tres Leches is also amazing!
The cheese curds are absolutely amazing. The prices and specials are great. They lost two stars because their service lacks. Usually have to ask multiple times for a check, get a lot of \"wait what did you all order again?\" Ask again for the check...again, you get the idea.
I wasn't sure what to expect from this show going in, but what a great non-stop entertaining surprise it was! Constant laughs and great performances. Really enjoyed it! The host and the 2 Latino guys are hilarious.
I'm a pizza freak and order it all the time from all over my area. I have ordered here over a dozen times. I definitely prefer Rosati's to any of the major pizza chains. When I have the extra money I order from here.
No prices on any website. i am retired and not driving across town to find out even though the hangover breakfast looks yummy.
I am not crazy about the sandwiches but every time I visit I must bring my son in Denver a Dilly's sandwich.  He loves them.  I wonder if it's more because of the good memories when he lived in the area than the sandwich itself.  Whatever I do stop and carry one or two home every time I am in the desert.
For a place with \"Burger\" in the name, I set my expectations rather high for the burgers.   Boy was I disappointed, I had the \"all good burger\" what a misnomer.  The two stars are for the wait staff alone - otherwise this joint gets zero stars in my book.
I have tried this yogurt place twice and both times I was actually pretty disappointed.  The yogurt was a little more runny than it should be and the flavors were just OK.  Not too sure I would give them a 3rd chance.  In this case, 2 strikes and you're out.
If getting a beer opt for the \"Sconnie Beer\" - same price as Bud/Miller/PBR but better and local
Service was friendly. food was good. went for lunch, it took them some time to bring it out, but thats fine, makes me feel they are spending some good time making it right\n\nnegative: very scant draft beer selection...
O boy I just discovered ROCKET BURGERS &SUBS. TOTALLY AWESOME!!!! This is the first time in a long while I drank 7-up from a bottle...tha fries are the bomb too!!!!!
We have been taking our daughters here for over 10 years and they are one of the best if not the best in the Valley.  Very knowledgeable and helpful.  You can't go wrong here.
Receptionist was A+++++ Drew out a map for us, gave us the DL on basically everything you could think of- food, bars, dancing, parks, events & shopping. She was the best! Wish I remembered her name! Our room was super spacious and clean. Perfect stay!
Always a great haircut from Anna. Have tried haircuts from other girls here and they just can't do a proper fade. Hence the reason for 3 stars. You'd think that more than one person in this joint could cut my hair properly... Anna, however, gets 5 stars she's great.
This place is a hit or miss, sometimes their food comes out very good but sometimes it comes out burned and/or thrown together quick.
A-OK says it all.  Not exceptional food, but overall great value.  Pad Thai is good, and the green curry is pretty solid.  Hard to beat the price for lunch if you're in the area, otherwise I'll stick to Tottie's which is closer to home.
Great location not far from the airport.\nrooms are big and the staff is welcoming.\nlooks like it was renoveted recently and its seems to be very clean.\ntip: rooms that are closer to the pool are a lil more noisy but its the closest thing to an ocean view : ))
I was desperate for some rice after being on travel for 3 days and having serious rice withdraw.  \n\nI am sorry and ashamed to say that I had to eat this crappy food.  now I know what a crackhead must feel like staring down at the pipe.  he knows it can kill him, but he cannot stop himself.
I can't tell you how the food was because after waiting 10 minutes (with no line) to get a table, placing our order, and 20 minutes later with no chips and salsa, we left. I should've known to leave when the person sitting beside of us complained that his food had taken so long.  Terrible!!!
We have visited Barro's 4 times in the last 6 weeks and find the pizza consistently great. Barro's is much better than any other option around Laveen. The staff has always been friendly and helpful. We are thrilled to have a quality option for pizza in our area....finally!
Not your typcial Harris Teeter- It is very small and has limited items. It is good if you need a quick fix on milk, butter, eggs. But if your looking to do some serious shopping I would recommend going to another the Teeter on East Blvd. They have fresher produce and meat/fish
I'll keep coming for dinner because the food is worth it
This place keeps it simple.  Only a few things on the menu, but it's all delicious!  Right next to lux, so you can get an iced chai with your tomato/mozzarella sandwich.  Yum!!!
This place is pretty small, but they have a lot of donut choices. They also sell boba (Asian drink). The place is cozy. My kids loves it. I'm not a big donut fan but they got good flavors. Definitely coming here next time.\nGood customer service.
I always stop at this restaurant when flying to the US.   The Salmon is great!    also a very good spot for breakfast for those early morning flights.   Service is quick, so if you only have 30 minutes, no worries.
Lidia's is a good restaurant for Italy food.  Though there is little bit loud, food here are really awesome. \n$6 is needed for valet.
It's exactly like any premiumo outlet I have been too. The only shop that I don't have back gome is Oliver Peoples. The staff are weary about tourists, which I understand.
Service super lent, cadre dans le fond sans aucune \u00e2me et cachet particulier,  beaucoup de faute de go\u00fbt dans la d\u00e9coration et la bouffe est juste correcte
Business is closed. A sign on the door says that the landlord wants his cash. No gyro for you!\n\nI wounder if the landlord will sell the giant hotdog to me. I always wanted to have a huge wiener...
This place is absoloutly horrible. The seat thee fell apart. The theatres are absoloutly disgustingly smelly and dirty. Some theatres smell like urine. This place needs to be shut down.
I was disappointed with the bland taste of the fish and shrimp. The breading had no flavor at all. The fish and shrimp portions were small. When I asked for lemon, the lemons were sliced tiny as well. The service was good and the place was clean.
We always try to stop here when saying downtown.  Good food and friendly service.  Love the chips and bean dip.  Steak fajitas are plentifully, enchiladas are great, and the margaritas are delish.
Bombin cupcakes! Super nice employees. I crave the cupcake with the cookie on top every dang day.
I thought the food was good but the prices were extremely high!  I can see myself returning for the food; unfortunately, the cost will deter me from making this place a regular favorite.
good and cheep for 50 years\nif you go from pete' s to pete's east to west or west to east you will see what phoenix loked like in 1955
Food is awesome and the staff couldn't be more friendly. I use this spot for catering with my business here in Vegas and always a good value!! (They should raise their prices on catering orders!) cool Peeps!
The food was good. The burgers are the best. The wait staff is friendly and efficient. The downside is that they do rush you. Also, the prices are too high. I will continue to come back.
A must try!\n\nThe food and service were exceptional:\n-reasonably priced\n-excellent food, especially crispy beef, king pao chicken, and eggplant\n-fast service and very nice staff
Pizza was really good, fresh ingredients, overall tasty pizza. Their veggies were really fresh, not like most pizza places where they usually are soggy & slimy.
One of the worst Chinese food I have ever had ...very greasy and really doesn't have any taste to it
Went in for a quick lunch time mani, the lady didn't speak much but was polite and friendly. Overall she did a good job but I was very dispointed that I was charged 20.00 for a basic manicure.
Very good French crepes.  I had the chocolate covered strawberries and banana.  Sweet deliciousness!
Meilleure Poutine du monde. Super service
We picked this place based on yelp reviews.  Thanks!! This is now our \"go to\" for gyros.\nThis place offers a nice amount of toppings, awesome make your own pita/plate/bowl.\n\nPlease give this local business a shot.
3 rolled taco with cheese... \n\nFast friendly service \n\nGreat tasting food.
1 star, sadly because there are like 5 businesses in this whole center and LOTS O EMPTY ones.  \n\nWah Wah Wahhhhhhhh.\n\nI'm going to give a nice yelp to Jillians though...
Lost my first review, Okay place.
This has to be one of the slowest location I've ever been to. Stood in line for 15-20 minutes and at the window for another 10 minutes. Avoid this place if you have other locations near you.
Horrible airline. Do not fly with them!  Was on United Express. Very small. Made us check my small carry on bag even though some people did not have too ( people with larger luggage). And security pulled me and husband over for extensive search both up and back. Wtf! Only dark people I saw that happen too....
A perfect slice of Italy right by the Campus.
One of my favorite places to eat when I'm in Vegas! I love the reuben, especially how it's packed with corned beef, light on the cheese, and kraut. The portions are big, and I never skip on ordering the Matzo ball soup. Nice, casual place to eat.
We had lunch here last weekend and the service was slow but we loved the food! We tried the pretzel as an appetizer which came out with two sauces. We also ordered the fried chicken and brisket and they were both very good!
This place is on point! Fair prices and reliable service. I brought in my car to get it checked out. They diagnosed it quickly. What's even better was that they offered me a great deal for the repair. Seriously, these guys are great! Their customer service is exceptional as well!:)
The best food choice in T2 but it doesn't have much competition in this second rate terminal for food.
Yep, this is one of the best buffet place among a thousand other Vegas casino buffet.   It was cheap as well.  I would come back again :) good food, cheap price, I can't expect more from Vegas buffets :)
I've eaten here 5 times and the service has been friendly and prompt.  Food is consistently good at breakfast.   This is my first lunch meal.  Also good but I think breakfast is better.   (Hence the name!).  Strongly recommended!
The teriyaki bowls here are usually pretty good. Unfortunately, the service is usually pretty bad. Come here for the food. Don't come here if you want good customer service!
excellent hotel had a great stay here for wine spectator tour last year. will be back!
Took my husband here for a massage while I got a facial and neck and shoulder massage. My masseuse was great and so was my husband's. Place was clean. But I gave it 4stars because the rooms were too small to get a couples side by side massage.
One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. Beautiful restaurant located in the Mandalay Bay. The food is great! The service was great! And the cocktails were delicious! I definitely recommend this place for some great seafood!
The food took a long time because they had to grill some more chicken. When it did come, the manager personally gave us our food. Also, the manager gave us the entree for free and a free desert for the inconvenience. Great service. Come here for sure!
Came here  with my classmate to celebrate after graduating.I had the famous chicken tenders and I have to say they were the best.I cannot remember the waitress name to save my life but she was awesome. I would recommend this place for the food and for someone who isn't into the party scene and just want to mingle with a older crowd.
Hot Dog combo was awesome ! Combo french fries are big portion and fresh. You can try gyros, philly. Staff is so friendly, boba drink is amazing !
Great show at the mirage. Brought back childhood memories. They did a great job of getting the crowd to join in!
this was my first experience with the conveyor belt type sushi. The sushi was not good at all. poor quality and tasteless. prices were very cheap which is probably why it was not tasty...
Calamari horrible, shrimp tempura soggy, uni wasnt fresh, nigiri was good enough, fried sushi rolls sickening. Not worth it, Goyemon is so much better
Since my last review my husband and I had been here a few times without any further issues of finding hair in our food. My husband picked this up for dinner on Friday and I've been deathly ill since about two o'clock Saturday morning. 37 hours of extreme food poisoning and counting. I'll never go back.
This place is great. I've been here plenty of times since the first one opened in Vegas. I really enjoy the Yakisoba. I usually get a chicken Yakisoba with a side of spicy chicken. Really good food for a fair price.
I have been there 3 times. No one have ever greeted me or even said Hi . No customer service what so ever. Clothes are designer, but old and out of date. Prices are high. Selection is slim. Needs to put forth a bit more effort in my opinion.
Great little spot when you spend the night in the middle of nowhere.  Plenty of coffee and flapjacks for the road.  Enjoy the space age ambiance.
Sales are a joke. The clearance was only 20% meanwhile the same things at another BRU on Northwest was 50%. I guess their rent is much higher here. They have good amount of selections but the prices is not so hot. I'll be shopping at a different BRU. Thank you very much.
GREAT Happy Hour !! $5/glasses of vino. Menu of samplings for $5 each! Try the flatbread pizza, the ceviche is yummy!!
Pretty good food, fun to take friends from out of town, typical rustic decor.  Not as cool as some locals seem to think, but fun.
Diverse beer selection and great food. The lobster artichoke dip  is fantastic and the salads are great
We sat at the bar to watch Kansas beat Ohio and were treated to a royal show by our rockstar bartender Aaron.  The food was so amazing we returned the next day for your last dinner together for our trip to Arizona.
highly recommend the chicken wings - they are grilled and have an awesome flavor.  Also the BLT salad is wonderful.  Don't miss the Black Diamond Martini - pineapple martini's to die for.
a great show to go to in Vegas.
Horrible.  Pho challenge is a hoax.  You only have 33 minutes to complete what only a professional eatercould do.  They changed rules and made up rules as we went along.
CLOSED.  They told the paper that the Glendale market is too difficult to be successful in.
Nice and Clean Airport,I'm A Fannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
best place by far for good bbq, unless some else says otherwise show me the money or put your money where your mouth is, this is the place to be. few words say a lot.
It was an okay show, the girls were great but i am not really into vampires. The seats in the theater are very unconfortable. The music is great though that is the only positive
Stay away from this mall.  Both Sephora and H&M are super small while other shops are average brands..\n\nWhat makes it worst is the mall is filled with little carts selling no-name skincare products.  The sales were so aggressive pulling you over to sell you whatever they can at whatever price they want to set.
There wasn't anything good about this place. The dim sum dishes were tasteless and cold. The servers were also very rude and had a bad attitude when asked for anything.
This is a great academic institution. I love it here.
Dinner with four Hall of Famers sitting around me...Nolan Ryan, George Brett, Joe Morgan and Ken Griffey Sr., not bad, but the food was really good.  A nice surprise on the West Side!
Love Monty Python and the Search for the Holy Grail... however... Spamalot was not worth $70 a ticket.  My wife and I got lucky and got free tickets.
Beautiful club, great DJ's, awful management, always packed, no room to dance or move, expensive cover charge and drinks, I have been there twice, will not be going there again.
Great place for Tae Kwon Do. They treat everyone like family and the workout is great. They have classes for kids and adults throughout the week so it's easy to find classes that for your schedule.
I came here for a name change a few months back. I was expecting to sit and wait all day as that's how it is at the social security offices in California...surprisingly though without an appointment I was serviced pretty quickly! They have a very clean and large waiting area. Large enough that you can have empty seats around you.
Manager was rude ruined the entire experience for us. The food was good and the waitress was good. Won't bring my family here until they get new management.
$4.50 for a slice of pizza wasn't the worse of it. It is grease overload. I had to use 4 napkins to soak it all in. The pizza was OK, they are open late so I suppose the greasyness will be 10x better when drunk.
Mobile unit came to my office. Installation completed in about an hour. Installer was friendly and professional. He explained and gave me information about the new glass and curing process. I liked that they cover one chip for the lifetime of the windshield. I would recommend this service.
I HATE this complex! The management staff is very rude and treat residents like crap. Do yourself and find another place in the area. This place is a ripoff and overall pain. There's plenty of nice condos in the area just check padmapper or zillow. Save yourself and stay away!!!!!
We keep going back for the 2 tacos + drink, $2.99, deal.
Love 2.99 Tuesdays... good food!!
Went here with my girl! She was craving some Lao food. This place wasn't bad at all.
Fish tacos are OK. Service is good. Not a place for kids. Tits and ass everywhere. Would be a great spot for guys night out. Not for family night out.
This place sucks. Fast food so call Mexican food. Nothing authentic. Outside patio was dirty and smelled on urine.
This is a great buffet! It's cheap and the food quality is great! It's not to far from the strip so that was awesome for me!
The graffiti etched elevators should be your first clue this place is low rent scuzzy.\n\nThe whole place felt slimy and like any ordinary shopping mall in decline - definitely not worth visiting in a place like Vegas with so many better options.\n\nI agree with other reviewer, the place smelled like bathroom throughout.
Not bad, but not great.  Service was really friendly, and prompt.  Food was \"meh\", maybe I just ordered the wrong thing.
Seriously....i prefer to go to potbelly....for 1/2 the price.  I heard this place was awarded something, i can't imagine what.  The sandwich was meh....ok.
Despicable service at the bar, very selective about who they serve, and incredibly rude when you request service after they ignore you for 20 minutes.
This place has good snacks but it is way over priced. $7 for a croissant and soda. Thats more than the same thing in the real Paris. It isn't even decorated like an authentic Parisian bakery. But it's not the worst in Vegas by any stretch.
Great pork burrito wish I could have had guacamole
Service was awesome. Pizza was kinda bland. I had the pepperoni pizza and I had to douse it with ranch dressing... But the service was awesome... lol
Great view. The best creamy French onion soup I have ever had. Love the staff. Love the menu. Try the lamb burger it is to die for.
OK not great.  Nothing that significant to say that was bad about the experience, but comparatively not as great as other orchards (e.g. Door Creek).
Website is deceptive. Happy hour only at the bar. Waitress over charged us after she brought us extra chips and then charged us $2 for them.
This place is terrible mediocre sandwiches piss poor attitudes hardly anyone working on a friday night 6 people standing in line took thirty minutes for a $20 veggie burger and fries.... What a terrible first impression of treasure island.
Heather did my wedding this past weekend. She was amazing. She is an incredibly nice person, and just nailed exactly what we were looking for. We all wanted to look natural, but obviously made up for the wedding. She listened to everyone's desires, and we all walked away feeling like a million bucks. I would recommend her to anybody.
The dishes are made of animal oil which is super unhealthy. And the dishes are cooked without carelessness. My dish is even with some black iron flake from the pan ( usually it comes from unclean pan). These unsanitary dishes make them more disgusting...I think the rate is highly overrated....
improved the fest grounds this year, club shows were fun.glad to get down there early and glad to see its becoming a week long event, till next year !
The food is pretty good - they have a great burger - however my girlfriend found a twist tie in her food so she'll never go back.
Well, loads of food, but also dirty silverware again............it seems as if I think that this place will improve and I keep going back because of their great little clip out of the newspaper coupons, however, it's always something!!
The service was fantastic, but it was the the worst ribeye I have ever eaten. Extremely fatty, chewy and complete flavorless. I hate giving bad reviews, but this place can't serve steaks this bad and stay open.
My 3 year old has been coming here for over a year now. It has been a great experience every time!! Veronica does a really great job!!
The valet was the worst I have ever seen. I've been waiting over an hour just to get my car valeted.  It's seems that 10 cars at one time is too much confusion for them.
I ordered my glasses, they called me when they arrived, and I went to pick them up.\nThe staff was friendly and answered all my questions.
Amateurs amateurs amateurs , idiots idiots idiots , they are a joke and take money for this -that explains it all!!!!
Decided to give it a shot.  Food was delivered cold, chicken was old and hard, low mein was burnt.   Called back to get a refund.   Food was not edible!  Definitely won't be a repeat customer.  Sticking with Beijing up the street in the frys parking lot.  WAY better food!
Rocky River is a great place to play for as skill levels. The new mini Verde greens installed are in great shape even for the winter weather! Staff is very welcoming and go out of their way to help. Great Golf Course!!!
Terrible experience. 30 hours to get from NYC to PHX. Lots of cancelations and slacker service. Planes suck and no meals or movies on the entire journey. I have little good to say.
The lunch dim sum was greasy almost all pork and limited to one cart and a dessert cart.Service was slow and not very pleasant. I would never go back for the food. Spring rolls fried to a crisp belong in a bad fast food restaurant .
Food was superb. Got to watch the water show from the Bellagio while eating. I gave four stars because the waiters/waitresses were kinda snobby but they knew their stuff.
The staff here is extremely rude, I mean it's almost like they go out of their way to be jerks. To top it off, if you pay with a credit card, they have the audacity to turn the screen towards you and ask for a tip. I won't be going back.
I frickin LOVE their food.  I have never been disappointed. My entire team orders from them pretty regularly and I've gotten nothing but delicious food at a good price.  Keep it up Greenway!  I'm eating their Spinach Melt with Tomato Basil soup and this is super yummy!
Stick with the beers at this place.  Their beers were superb but their apps were so-so.  Had the lobster tacos and the fois gras peanut butter and jelly.  Both were ok.
Dive bar-esque but not... The ideal place to grab a cold pint (or four) and some munchies while watching the game on the big screen!
Amazing. Great service. Fresh food. Clean restaurant. The fun offerings for the holidays are so great for those of us far from home. The day that they opened n the west valley was one of the greatest moments I have had in phoenix. Get the wildflower chicken salad sandwich.
So, I went back. This time to eat at the theatre, not the restaurant, and I gotta say, it's a cool concept.  The food came out fast and we enjoyed a nice meal and drinks with the movie.
waited 20 min. for a booth, then 15 min after seated to get iced tea and water. Walked out after 20 more min and no sign of server or salads....
I had this for take out earlier in the week and was really disappointed. I did order Chicken Pad Thai which is probably the most basic of Thai dishes but still it wasn't nearly as good as other Thai places I have had. This place has potential but did not deliver during my first experience.
I guess this place is good for a couple of beers but if you are hungry, make yourself a favor an look further. The service is ok. They provide few  information and service is slow. I order the new* chicken. It was salty. They marketed as cooked on white beer.. i doubt!
When you're craving some local food Aloha Specialties has got it. It'll satisfy your cravings. \n\nQuick warning, they close 9p on weekdays and 10p on weekends. But they closed early on Christmas eve and didnt put a sign up. Sadface.
Fantastic service with quality local ingredients and unique gourmet takes on southern classics. Go for lunch and get the $5 buck chuck! This is a locally owned, independent restaurant with an award winning chef.
Included it as a stop on a trip to Vegas, March 2013. Sadden that when we arrived, the business was closed.
Review's drinks only,\ntoo much straightening our drinks,\ntable's fine, tres cher\n\nBathroom's way too far!\nPush through the crowded dance floor.\nAt least there's TP
I love this place. They have the best tacos in town (pansita are my favorite), but not to forget the drinks (try the \"big nose drink\"), they are amazing too.
Good price on gas.  Convenient location.  NOT a \"food store.\"  \nBring back the diet pepsi slurpee damnit.
Meh.....
Awesome! I recommend the Vegetarian Eggs Benedict.
This is a great place to get handmade Panini, Pizza, Subs, Soup & Salads. The ingredients are fresh, the staff is welcoming and courteous and the food is awesome!
Another good Cirque show...not great, but good!  I have seen so many Cirque shows that maybe I am just not as impressed by it anymore.  Just seems like they do the same acts in different shows...looking for something new and creative!
the problem is that the ac/heat is not working , and WI FI is very slow , if you are business man do not come here cause wifi speed can not let you do anything , so we decide change to other place tomorrow .
It's convenient.  I've been working in the area for over two years and they still have the same menu.   The best is the crossaint delight and the turkey wrap with added sprouts.  What they have is good, make no mistake.   Perhaps a website with announcements of their daily specials would be great.
Yum! Great hole in the wall bbq joint
Great restaurant for a large group, modern and fun atmosphere, great food and drinks.  Went for my birthday and wasn't disappointed.  Take your time, try the tartares as an appetizer which are excellent.  Best night is a Saturday for a meal and great place to party after.  Enjoy!
Delicious, Delicious, Delicious! Garlic Chicken my favorite.
12/2/11: 10 minutes after I ordered my lunch, server returns to tell me my dish is very popular and it's going to be 20 minutes and hands me the menu. If my meal isn't here within 20 minutes, they will lose another star.... just not worth giving them 3 stars
Outstanding course , great people
Did not answer the phone on multiple attempts. They say they're open on Sundays from 11:30am to 9:30pm, am I missing something? Horrible customer service.
The best Chinese food I ever had here in Vegas . I will comeback and bring everyone  , thanks to my Chinese friend that took me there
My third time, not a good meal on my last time. The food took forever and the place was not busy. Worst of all my sliced steak had a fishy flavor . Yuck
Enthusiastic, hard working and fun to be around.  Working with Heidi has been great!
The atmosphere was great! The service was extremely Slow for a First Friday night!! They had only 2 servers and a full house! Got my meal -  Ahi Tuna sandwhich and half the sandwhich was missing the tuna! Very disappointed. Posted a pic but it was deleted!
In my 15 years living here and all the different Fry's I've walked in, I have never had to bag my own groceries. I was shocked!!!
Service could have been better. Curry nothing to remember. Sushi was blah. Katsu seemed like it was leftovers that was re fried. Was really hoping it would be great spot since I live so close by but I won't be returning.
Very reasonable prices for such a good pizza.
Ehh...they bring you large ceramic plates with a little bit of food in the center. They call it \"New Age\" cuisine (aka money-saving cuisine).\n\nService was not so great.
Was a bit dissapointed on the quality of the steak and sides... Seafood was good though. Specialty cocktails sounded better than it tasted. Butter cake was pretty good but not something that will bring me back here again.
Tried using the online order store pickup with the hopes of increased efficiency.  fail.
Best Law Firm in Arizona.  Could not have been more impressed with the result and the discount fee helped me get a higher settlement!  Thanks everyone!
The food was very good! I had the cold turkey sandwich and the bread it comes on is amazing. It is a bit crowded at lunch time and is small inside. All in all I would go back.
Everything was delicious -- my caesar salad delisch and so large! Filet mignon was done to perfection and it had some rub on it that tasted very good. My friend had salmon and raved about it. Great place with Kobe beef!
Good food, but the service is so disappointing its not worth the trip.
Good atmosphere if you want to get away from the tourist type of restaurant. Salsa and chips are ok. Got the special guacamole dip - pretty good. Had the Enchiladas del Mar - was ok. Service could have been better. Sopapillas were average - fried bread and you add your own honey.
Best Indian food in Phoenix/Scottsdale
mediocre food for a lot of money
Meh.  Coffee was weak and everything else was average at best. I had heard good things about their biscuits and gravy. While the biscuit was quite fluffy the gravy really wasn't anything to write home about and the eggs tasted weird.
This is the place to good for huge gooey sandwiches. It is what it is. As another reviewer said, you may like it more when you're drunk... At lunchtime, bring an appetite or split one for two people.
Go here.  Get a cheap hot dog.  A bum will ask you for it.  Go ahead and keep it.  It's your hot dog, after all.\n\nMmmm.  Hot dog.
Conveniently located in the middle of the strip.  Self-Parking is about a mile away but the hotel does offer free valet for hotel guests its just that they take a long time to bring your car around.  Gordon Ramsay's BURGR is a treat to have late night and hotel is next to shopping center.
I am so glad this place is now close to Apache Junction! I absolutely adore the food. Everything I've had is delicious, I really love the pick 3 bruschetta option! The wait staff is always really nice too!
Very good sandwiches and open 24/7 I believe.  Similar to firehouse subs if you have ever been.
Conveniently located next to Southpoint Hotel and Casino so if you're looking for non hotel food dining walk or drive to this Del Taco location.\n\nService is as expected with any Del Taco.
On more than one occasion my appt was cancelled without my consent, once getting there to find the office closed....customer service is no good, later finding out I was charge $50 for a cancellation fee! Need I not say I no longer do business with this company.... Their customer service stinks
Ate at BLT steakhouse in Ballys casino tonight an the food was great, everything from the liver moose to the warm popovers. My server Megan's suggestions were perfect, everything she suggested was truely good, she was very atentative, to my every need , an I will definitely be back to eat there real soon.
Strange space.  Small  menu.  The burger was good but the \"bread dumplings\", I think they were called left a whole lot to be desired.  The space is so cramped I can't believe the waistaff put up with it.
Negatives: 3 hours for dinner! Automatic 18% for a party of 2, weird extra tax; and, yea I noticed the $$$$ on yelp, but still not expected.  Atmosphere is dull.\n\nPositives: Romantic setting.  Excellent rustic elegant food.  Great wine list.
Chef Yoshi is gone and unfortunately thesushi has gone downhill.
For a person who hasn't been to the dentist in a while and coming back, Tamim and his staff made me feel very comfortable. Tamim explained everything that needed to be done and they were very flexible with their schedule, especially their late hours on Monday nights which really helped with my schedule. Now my teeth are looking great! :)
Just like home. Food here is awesome. Staff treats you like family. There is plenty of room. Menu is huge! Love it! (Try the Thelma Special!)
The food is ok here but it has to be the slowest filiberto  I've been to. The service is only so so
Red tavern burger and bottomless fries with a side of ranch, tavern sauce and $3 drafts please! only thing I would recommend is cleaner bathroom I've been there during the week and on the weekends too and every time the bathroom is horrendous!
Ordered a hot sandwich......and 28 minutes later and after asking 3x's I finally got it.  Way to long to have to wait for lunch.
I was not impressed with this buffet. It is not much different than many others and they were low in food when we came to each section. \n\nService was okay but the price of $50 a piece for this food is ridiculous. I would not recommend this buffet while in Vegas.
Today I went in for a return without a receipt, prepared that they would give me the lowest price, which I was fine with and prepared for. They scanned my ID and told me I can't return more than $70 worth of  Target items in a calendar year! Wow, just wow.
So, Mario's is your average southside bar. Maybe a little more sports barish than others, but nothing special. Drinks are cheap if you get the specials, and the food isn't bad. \n\nOverall, not bad.
If you go there, ask for Amy. She is the best and my husband just cannot find anyone better. He had massage once a week and he said Amy is the best of the best. Just wish they had another one like Amy there. So, a couple can go the same time and be happy the same time.
This place has been hit and miss lately and today it was a miss. Half the veggies were fresh, the other half old. The Yakisoba was cold and a little al dente, and the white meat chicken was dry. You can do better. Though this is still better than the SAMs by Summerlin pkwy.
Simple food that takes an extremely long time to arrive. We had the slowest service I can remember. Moreover, it was pretty crappy, unapologetic service. I'll never go back. It's simply not worth it.
Great Italian bistro\nThey always have fresh Dalit specials \nI also love the penne with duck confit.\nTrusted go to place\nLovely in the summertime with their terrace
Food is still great but the service was a bit slow. Plus the nerve of them to get rid of the bloody mary bar. that mad me a bit sad.\nBeautiful spot as always.
the lady that works there was not helpful at all.  Very poor customer service.
Service was great.  Food was good not great.  I can't say I was a big fan of the atmosphere.  Kind of dark and dingy.  I'd go again but this restaurant probably wouldn't be my first pick.
The food was tasty, but the service was tasteless.
Angie did my make up for my birthday night and it was absolutely amazing she's so much fun and really has an eye for what colors are gonna look great on you.
The room was not clean by the time we cheeked in and we had to wait for someone to come and prepare it for us. The price is the only thing which is convenient to go for and nothing else. no service because the thousands of people at the entrance, but the fast chek in machines helps you to speed up the queue.
They weren't serving dinner when I was ready to eat, so I just had the happy hour sushi. It was a bit too nouveau fusion for my taste. I just wanted normal sushi. I would try it again, but not for the sushi.
Waited 45 minutes to be seated so we could eat breakfast,  just to find out that they stopped serving breakfast during our wait.  Thanks for telling us,  we would have gone elsewhere because we really wanted breakfast! Their only saving grace for me was the food quality.  Well above average.  Service was OK.
Wonderful establishment. I imagine seats are hard to come by on weekends, but during the week this place is very comfortable.
I have been here a few times now and I love it! The tacos are delicious (recently tried the lamb - yum!), the margaritas supreme, and the atmosphere is fab. I recommend this to anyone wanting to try a new place in Midtown.
This Starbucks is somewhat busy but, at mid morning the rush is over. I wanted to work on my iPad but, tables and service areas were littered or had spills. They needed a quick cleaning. Tables outside were left with litter and dusty. I cleaned my own table. Maybe more frequent cleaning? The latte was ok.
Had a great experience rehabbing from a car accident injury.....Paul and David (the PT Team at Scottsdale) took great care of me and helped me get back in working order in only 6 weeks.  The equipment was top notch at the gym, amenities were nice, and location was very close to home.
Wings were tasty! Pizza sauce had great flavor! Worth trying.
Amazing.  Way different than the rest of the shows.  Ka takes place in a beautiful theater with very comfortable seats.  No break during the show so get everything before going in.
this place is just great.
The food is whack. Calamari was nothing special. Hong Kong wonton noodle soup was not good. The soup came in a cup and you have to pour it in and it was not hot enough. Service was horrific, slow and rude. Would not recommend this place.
Delicious dates wrapped with bacon! I love their dessert wines selections! I did not like the BBQ shrimp. I have been to New Orleans and trust me, this is not like it. I sent it back and got a different and much better shrimp dish. I'm surprised no bread pudding or beignet.
Average sushi. Very friendly staff.
The pastor tacos are amazing. Closest pastor tacos I can find similar to tacos in Mexico. The edamame with garlic soy glaze can be a bit salty but delicious, service was ok. I'll be back
This place is ok but it's always packed and the wait times can be nuts. Food is good but won't rush back- I like then orange chicken.
Not fans. The restaurant wasn't even busy and we waited way too long. Pizza wasn't flavorful and ingredients weren't fresh.
Thank you for taking your time and helping me find the shoe that fits me.  I can't wait to wear them
Agh the Barbeque wasn't all that. Even drowned in sauce the meat was dry. It had the taste and texture as if it was cooked the day before and warmed up for service. It was a bit chewy and the meat itself lacked flavor.
The front office gal is always exceptionally rude. She seems bothered to have to do anything or talk to anyone. I dread going to this office because it is so unwelcoming.
This place is a tad bit expensive for my taste and the service could be better.
Here's the rub. I go here often and love the bagels! They are the best in town by far. However, the service is excruciatingly slow and inconsistent . I still go there despite this , just not as often as i would normally. I would move this score to a five if they ever remedied this.
Outstanding! Great food and service. Kid friendly as well. Reasonable prices for food and alcohol. Filet mignon meatballs are as advertised.
Food was ok. I had the steak kabob plate. The salad and rice was good. The steak was tough.
Wow what a company! I've called twice in last two days for support setting up a website and they are the highest trained, most courteous and energetic call center ever! Very impressed!!
Nice people but I didn't love it. The sausage was really fatty and the multi-grain pancakes were heavy as lead. My friend didn't like her meal either especially because the red potatoes were overcooked on the outside and undercooked on the inside.
Lobster Cantonese fabulous. Great service and friendly atmosphere loved every minute!!!!!!!!!
This place is awesome. Im not much for getting my nails done, but this is deFinitely a place I'll return. They are very nice, held a conversation, and took care of me and my fiance fully. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
I have been coming here for several years and have always had a good experience. This is a family owned business and they all work very hard to make it a great place.
This place sucks very expensive and crappy job! I live two blocks away I rather drive 5 miles to get better service and better price !
When I'm in town for something special I go to Monti' s. Never disappointed in the food or the service. Made a reservation on my way into town on a busy night and got to walk right in to my waiting table.
Great looking Hotel.\nVery busy but conveniently located on The Strip.\nThe Famous Buffet looks good but I haven't tried it yet.\nLines were two long on Christmas Eve.\nThe Burger Joint was Awesome. Highly recommended.
I used to like this place, but service went downhill. The blackjack dealers are grumpy, which is odd considering they work for tips. Oh well, not coming back.
Went for lunch and was very disappointed. Restaurant smells musty and the food was awful. Service was very good.
Worst whole wheat bagel I've ever had. I was starving and still couldn't finish it. Yuck, would not recommend going here at all.
This place looks like it should have good food, but it does not. And the wait staff are weak at best. Way too many other good options in Vegas for the smart, clued in Yelper!
sage fried chicken and waffles.\n\nthere is bacon INSIDE the waffles.\n\nheart attack.\n\ni die.
Amazing food! Open burrito was amazing! Fish tacos are great. Great vibe too! Service was slow, but it think its because they became so popular so fast! They were very nice about it though. Really interesting decorations!
Wasn't really impressed with the staff.  Couldn't return the sofa after finding out that it was too large for our living area.  Outrageous prices.
Pizza was fine but nothing special. The salad I ordered was wrong, though. And beware of the prices: What's on the website is wrong. And the manager and owner will say there's nothing they can do about that (except charge you the higher price that isn't on the website).
I'm torn about this place. I'm not a pizza fan so late at night I will get a sub. so some times my food will take forever to get here and it ends up being soggy and not very good. but when it gets here on time it's good food. so not a lot of complaints.
Great food! Haole Loco Moco was just fantastic as was the Santa Cruz Breakfast burrito! Yummy!
A buffet. Not bad. Not the best. Okay.
A wet noodle graced my menu. The sweet tea was sour. The bread was tasteless and the marinara tasted like microwaved Ragu. The ranch was watered down for my brown lettuce salad. The shrimp was like rubber. This place is a hot mess.
Great food! Our waitress was pretty friendly, but slow on being attentive. I ordered the apricot bbq chicken and it was really good. The place seemed to draw an older crowd, but we didn't mind!
Decent food and service- hey, it's a diner- if you want flawless food & service go elsewhere and pay $50. plus. Great breakfast menu!!! Will be back!!
Stopped by today & doors were locked. There was a sign that had fallen on the ground saying closed until August but appears it was until June originally as August was written over June. This store is not opened nor should Yelp have it reflecting open.
Wade and Ron are true professionals. My pool was built on time and exactly how we planned. Great family run business!!
Went there on a thursday... I was surprised it was so lame. there were a few ppl there but no one was dancing... the music sucked. We went around 11 and stayed for like a half hour and left.
The fresh made pasta is delicate and delicious, but flavors and sauces are bland. Better for brunch than dinner, even though I love pasta. Even the bread basket was boring at dinner.
It's a fabulous treat! The owner is helpful and generous with the free samples...don't be afraid to taste until you find just the right one. You will be glad you did:)
Monkey Mocha is the best coffee choice here. I was amazed at how good it is and no other drink here compares. I have my new craving now!
These guys were a no call no show.  I rearranged my work schedule to accommodate the appointment that we agreed upon, and they never showed nor even called. Very unprofessional.\n\nI would not recommend unless you like wasting your time!
Been looking all over the Valley for someone to do cupcakes for a wedding.  This place is cute but...Honestly, just go up the road to Caketini (In the San Tan).  The cupcakes there are better.
Used to be a good neighborhood spot.  They've changed the menu, got rid of mini pitchers, and brought in a line of terrible local brews.  Service is bad now too.   Won't be back.
First time coming here and took an hour to get a burger on a weekday and after the first bite I find a long black hair cooked into the burger meat!
This place is going downhill.  Cheaper utensils, napkins (I miss the old L&L printed ones) filled trash cans and filthy restrooms; I don't know where to start.  I hope they get their act together, I really want to like it again.
I dropped my iPhone 4S and the screen shattered. I took it here and they fixed it within 2 hours for $86--exactly as they quoted me. If I shatter my screen again, I would go back.
Ate here once and my bean burro literally stunk like fish! Seemed to come from their wrapping paper. Restaurant was dirty but staff was nice. Too bad the food was so awful, and mexican is my fave.
BEST thai food I have ever had! Love the family run restaurant!
My wife had the turkey sandwich and it was way too dry. My Dad had the turkey cranberry and there were bones in it. I had the meatball and it was actually pretty good.
The staff is great, love the atmosphere and the fish and chips are the best I've had since moving to AZ.
Thought it was a fun place at first until I got horrible food poisoning!! I don't recommend eating there!!! \n(Was there on 4/5/14 around 6:00pm - right before the Wisconsin/Kentucky NCAA game - ordered the Steakhouse Truffle Burger with tater tots)
Very good, just a little salty. Enjoyed the unique outdoor seating.
Great place to grab a few beers with the friends. Awesome energy. Love going there!
Large portions. Great bread sticks. Chicken parmesan was top quality.
Charcuterie, Foie Gras & Chicken liver mousse. Pork bun!
This location tries to put used/returned beauty products back on their shelves... be warned.
It a McDonalds..... how much can i say?!  Anyways, its a newly updated location that is very clean and modern looking unlike the older McDonalds that are out there. The drive-thru has 2 lanes, so there is never a large wait and the service is friendly!
I don't even want to write a long review for this place. They made us wait a pretty damn long time just to \"create\" a wait time when clearly, there were many open tables.\n\nFood is eh. Bacon wrapped sirloin? Sounds good right? WAY overcooked and disappointing.
i bought the steamed buns, and they were terrific!  i also liked their selection.  i haven't eaten at the restaurant part yet, but i've got a feeling that i won't be disappointed.
Sean is the man! Finally, I found someone who actually works on the motorized Razor scooters. After calling, then driving to 5 different locations I was ready to give up.  They fixed them quickly, super pleasant to work with and reasonably priced.
Arrived for a late dinner after landing at Vegas. Had a great view of the Bellagio fountains from the patio area. Food was delicious. Would go again.
I thought this club was gorgeous and had the potential to be lots of fun. Unfortunately me and the boy didn't feel like sticking around too long because it was so DAMN CROWDED and we couldnt dance on the dance floor without being bumped and pushed around. Too bad- what a cool place!
We've eaten here 3 times now and I think it's great for fast food, the Gyro's are delicious.  I also appreciate that you can call ahead and just pick up your order in the drive through.  This is one of my fav's.
Not great, I would have preferred a frozen pizza instead. Super greasy, not a crispy crust. RUN to Grimaldi's instead!!
Good food, very affordable. Fast friendly service. Excellent for lunch, and also have kids meals(perfect sized portions for my 6 year old!) I just wish they stayed open later most of the week. They close at 3 nearly every day, but Friday they close at 6.
Eh just okay. It was hot of course and misters would have been graet.
I was invited to a business lecture held here... Food (steak) was over cooked but sides were good.. And Oreo cookie desert was fantastic. Defiantly not an ideal place for a dinner conference / lecture... As there is no way to isolate the notice from the main dining room! Service was overall good..
Nice sized Gyro and tasty fries
- to be fair, i only had their chocolate fondue\n- points for giving customers the ability to choose what type of chocolate to use (milk, dark, etc)\n- minus points for the fondue for just being a bowl of melted chocolate with fruit to be dipped into.
Excellent service!  Finger foods are delicious and filling.  The tea is divine! You also enjoy the beautiful view of the Eiffel Tower & City Center
The worst customer experience! I placed an order with them and scheduled a delivery. No one ever delivered the good or followed up with me; I even tried calling them multiple time with no success. Very unprofessional, so STAY AWAY and don't waste your time!!
Not impressed, plus I had a hair in my food.  Gross
The hotdogs are okay, pricing isn't bad, but the guy that was serving me was a douche! I've been to places where the food was good enough to overlook the service... this isn't one of them!
Went here for a friends birthday! It was pretty casual and a really cool place. They have awesome Jalapeno and Bacon Mac & Cheese! Their lattes were really great too!
This place merits 3 stars at the most. I've been here twice and nothing excites me about this place. Everything is way too expensive for a so called outlet mall.
What a great little place! The food was exceptional and the service was fantastic! We will be back!
This place does it right. These guys are the real thing. Not posers, not corporate. Good reasonably priced dogs. Big, juicy, Corned Beef Ruben sandwiches, Gyro's, Polish dogs.  All good. The owners work in the restaurant and are very friendly. And once again, reasonably priced with good portions.
The guy working Oct 18th turned then open sign off more that 20 minutes before the 8pm close time posted.  Went in and asked if the store was still open and the response wad \"I guess I could make something.\"  Lucky we only wanted drinks.  Owner should be pissed!
Awfull,steaks are $23 each.  Also, they would not grind a steak at all for an elderly person, place is too expensive.
Made an appointment, showed up on time, waited 30 minutes before bailing to Estrella Nails across the street.
There was a chunk of chocolate the size of a thumb in my ice cream... and I don't think it was a mistake.\n\nWay to go, you magnificent ice creamiers!
Everything I've had here has tasted of sadness.  The tortillas were stale, the beans were flavorless, and the eggs were no good.  This place might cut it in another city, but with the abundance of cheap, delicious mexican food in phoenix, take a pass on norteno's.
Kiki burger was out of this world great...really!  I consider myself a hamburger connoisseur and Bachi was top notch!  Plus they freshly ground their beef so it's totally safe to actually get a burger RARE - my favorite!
I love getting my pedicure here , Its all about customer service! My sister and I go here together all the time. They use sterilized tools here , and that to me is a big plus!
The pho was  delicious (P1). The thai iced tea with boba was great. Service was fast and friendly.  Would come back again.
Have a great sever
perfect relaxing after work get together with friends.  Had a fantastic Pinot Noir and some great flatbreads!  staff was attentive, friendly and deserving of a great tip.
Took in two laptops to be unlocked and reset.  They got the job done but the quality of service was horrible!  The assistant manager gave me sarcastic remarks and I was definitely not impressed!  Not going back
hardly authentic, the food is decent, the staff are rude and completely lacking knowledge of what exactly a real crepe is.  Actually the chef as well.
Tried to go here twice. Both times closed. Won't waste my time anymore. They don't wanna keep a regular schedule they don't need my $
I hated this place because professors would make us go here to get course packets.  Why do I need to pay for them, why can't you just provide it to me for free when you're getting the damn syllabus printed!  It was especially the worst when you wait in line for 20 minutes just to get a 20 pg packet.
Love the Food!  Love Pat! Love Freddy!  If you love clams, calamari, shrimp, scallops and mussels -- you'll love the Linguine Portofino!
Great place for Happy Hour! We typically go here either to start or end the night, and it can get pretty packed. Cornhole on the deck is clutch, and this place is the best for watching NFL games. They have a bloody mary bar on Sundays and tons of TV's. Never a problem watching the games here.
Great burgers  service was ok. Would go back and bring friends/business associates.
Un lieu unique \u00e0 Pittsburgh. La qualit\u00e9 de la viande est extra et parfum\u00e9 avec des \u00e9pices merveilleuse.
Slots of fun has the reputation for being a fun place....it was not fun at all.  $.99 hots dogs did not sit well in my stomach, the pina colada almost ended my life, and to top it off i lost money in the slots machine.  Thanks for the fun...slots of fun
I like fast Mexican food and out of all the corner taco shops this has been by far my favorite..  Always fresh and hot off the grill/fryer it's one that I frequent regularly :)
Beautiful jewelery, great staff, great price.  They were so personal and took their time with me and got me very taken care of.  Totally recommend.
Where else would you be when you cannot find that one place? Well here it is - rooted in sincerity & community... Oh and yes there is great wine!
Went for dim sum.  It was moderately busy, but the carts came around often.  The food was decent and the staff friendly.
The rooms are nice and good. The staff was friendly.  It is a nice place to stay. It can be pricey but one of my top hotels on the strip in Las Vegas.
Pretty good for lunch specials.
Blah.
Lol closed
First time here and definitely will come back soon!
OMG....  By far the best food I have ever had.
It was my MIL's bday and she wanted to go there. The service was excellent. Everyone was very kind and the food was ok, chain restaurant food. It was the best service I have received in a long time and for that they get and extra star.
Service can be hit-or-miss on Friday evenings.. A few friends from work went for a co-workers' birthday and service was outstanding..! We went back for another co-worker's birthday and was about 30-45 minutes in between drink orders..
Best deals. Great value on Kirkland brand items. Specialty items alone are worth the membership!
I want to hate you because you're a chain, but I have to adore you because of your tried and true familiarity. Bless you for having Southwestern Egg Rolls when I truly needed a snack to quell my wicked hangover before I took my 6 hour flight.
good pizza. even better drinks. better service. cool place to hang out on weekends with some buddies.
Cobra Kai Is the best gym I ever went to!! sim is the best jiujitsu coach in the world I recommend this gym
The food was decent. We had wings, shrimp and steak tacos and fried s'mores dessert. The wings were so good. Tacos were ok, and our dessert was not good at all. Service was a little below average, our waiter was the one that recommend the dessert.
Our special occassion restaurant to dine and take out of town visitors to in Las Vegas. Exquisite service, sensational views, food that never disappoints.
Pretty normal place...not that lively when I went there for lunch.  Food was standard.  My Sierra Nevada Pale ale was skunked.  Had to send it back, but got a replacement pretty quickly.
This place has great food but the prices are a little on the expensive side and the wait staff stand around as though they're prison guards watching you.
The hubs was hankering for a burger, I wasn't hungry.  It was early, 5? We came here, and we were seated ASAP.  The restaurant is huge and it was pretty empty.  Our service was great, he liked the burger.  Everyone was happy.
Went there with my husband and his friend. I had their vegetarian plate. It was good. Love the fresh bread. The dolmas was differant from what I'm used to but it was delicious. Service was awesome. Will stop by again if I'm craving Mediterranean food and around the area.
Best sandwiches ever. Quality ingredients, fabulous sides, loved the lemonade! Fast and friendly service too. Love this place!
Delivery girl needs to learn some basic etiquette.
Give them a chance it's newly open, may be food will get better. Service was great and friendly, that is a plus side of business.
OK but generally disappointment.  Cold winter day.  Not much seating inside but luckily we got some.  Not much variety in menu.  We would have walked out but were hungry so instead we split a patty melt and fries since we knew we going to get something that tasted better later.  Just didn't do it for us.
I got to open a bottle of Champagne with a sword!
Renters beware! Noise level is off the charts!
The service saved this restaurant from a 2 star disappointment. When the only thing that tasted worth it's value was the fresh peach melba, I knew we were in trouble. I guess after reading these reviews, I should have stuck to items on the first course menu.
My wife's new favorite breakfast place.  Great food, ver friendly staff.  I'll be back often
What an awesome place. The Cosmo (Hotel) is amazing.
Food,service,atmosphere feels like back home! the prices are just outrageous...cheap! I'm definitely going to be back!
Very good selection and great prices.  A bottle of bourbon was around $4 to $5 less here than at Lee's for the same size and same brand.
Great place to have a few cocktails before heading out. The solero is awesome! The pricing is a little high, but hey you pay for what you get. Highly recommend this place to pregame before heading to you're destination
Wonderful food and service, see tip below about personal help from owner with allergies!!!
First time here ... it was alright. i ordered the chicken kabob nothing special and nothing bad. The service seemed kinda slow. Chicken was tender the rice tasted buttery. Give it a try you might like it. For me i think i will pass next time.
Tried their new Greek pizza. Very good. The guy that took my order said \"for sure\" after everything I said.
30 mins sitting at a table, waitress never showed. Walked out with nothing. Why does this place exist?
if it helps, this place really smells like a bookstore.\neven from the street as you are walking by and their door is open.
What can I say? The cheese curds rock and the prices are ultra reasonable. \n\nIt's a simple as that.
Seriously the BEST peanut butter pie I have ever had! No wonder it is award winning!  The caramel candies are also super amazing!  I can eat an entire bag of the Junk Food popcorn in one sitting.  Love this shop for special treats!
Even though this place is always slam packed busy, it's worth the wait. The macaroons are heaven and salads delicious. Prices are high but it's a great treat.
Doesn't disappoint!!! Perfect thing to eat after a night of partying and drinking!\nAlso, did you hear that they are opening an Earl of Sandwich in DT Disney!?!?! SWEET!!
Very good for fast food. Everything is so fresh and the staff so helpful
I had a great experience with Super Shuttle. They picked me up from Mandalay Bay on time (actually Early). The driver Jason was very friendly, & professional. I bought a round trip. It was $10 each way. I would highly recommend. \n\n- Remember to tip your driver :)
Had a great bartender that was helpful at recommending food and wine that paired perfectly. Had oxtail croquettes, pork belly bites and Caesar with a grilled salmon added on. All was tasty with a good view for people watching. We'll be back!
This is quite possibly the most ineffectively managed restaurant I have ever had the displeasure of interacting with.  We arrived with most of our party.\n\nThey would not let us sit.  They were rude and they made us wait for the crowd.\n\nPoorly done.  Rudely dealt with.
Fast. However polish job is really bad. Clean-ish. I don't think it's unsanitary.
Ordered dragon roll, chicken and veggies, ramen, and short rib to go. Mediocre food, bland and tasteless. Bartender as rude. The only good thing about the restaurant was the nice hostess who took my order. Tipped her instead of the bartender.
They said there would be a mimosa bar.  There wasn't.
I love this place, I get my nails done here all the time, they always look good, and stay on for a really long time, but the issue that I have is they are not very careful with your nail beds, I always end up with hang nails and bleeding, I wish they where a little more gentle :(
There's not an option for no stars.....but this company has no customer service or professionalism.  DO NOT BUY.
Great for kids, not suitable for adults.
Fun fun fun!! Lots of different rooms. Lots of good music. Lots of open space to grab some air. We bought pre-sale tickets so getting in wasn't difficult at all. I paid $30 for tickets for Kimmy K's b'day party. I don't think she showed up! Boo on her!!
This location pales in comparison to the one in Palo Alto, CA.\n\nFor the same price, you get less variety of meat, worse quality, longer wait time, worse side buffet choices.
Huge place, the biggest gym in the world apparently. Price is incredibly cheap so it's worth it. If only the staff at the front desk could smile and be a little nicer but I guess it's not included in the membership....
Great record/cd store.  Price is reasonable.   Love their listening stations.
If you're seeking bland, salty, Chinese food where every entree tastes exactly the same as the other...this is your place!
Crab cake was burned. They brought the wrong side
I'll be back, and when I come back I'm prepared to hurt myself. The bourbon sangria is wonderful, by the way.
this is The place for go to Chinese lunch. I will pick this restaurant over Panda Express any day! The lunch special include either a soup (hot & sour or egg drop) or a can soda for around $6+ ?? Well worth it
This one of the better PTs that I've. Been to. They all have good service but this one isn't as dumpy as the one on Durango. Friendly older crowd. Seems like date night. Crowded but not smoky for a bar that allows smoking. Will be back.
Some of the best Greek food I've had in Phoenix, like everyone else said the place is pretty small and the food does take a little while to get, but it's definitely worth it. \n\nThe food is great and the owner is pretty funny too. I'm definitely coming back.
A little overpriced but the bagels are always good and fresh. The cinnamon French toast (made from their cinnamon log bread) is also very good!
That was fantastic! Food was delicious, really cute inside, one of the best menus for Thai food I've seen.
If you can get past the reality that this place isn't very clean, it is solid food.  4 stars if I had not been forced to find a clean table.  Naan was legit!
great bbq!
Go to place if you want to listen to Blues and some ribs at the same time.  Applicable only after 9pm.
If you like Taco Bell, then you will love this place.  It is nothing more than a fancy Taco Bell.\n\nDefinitely nothing like real mexican food.\n\nOn the bright side, the host and waitress were very nice.
Two of us went there for a traditional Thanksgiving dinner. Everything was delicious. The portion size was good. Neither of us went home with the desire to snack. The only thing that would have made it better would have been the availability of dark turkey meat. It seemed to be white deli turkey.
Awful experience........it only had 2 1/2 stars for a reason people nuff said!
This company demonstrates why Detroit is broke ... Out of control Union (Teamster) fees that are so beyond unreasonable, they must originate in another Universe.  \n\nAny trade show that involves this company will be excluded from our event planning.
The food was decent. Servicer was terrible. They charge me for two bottles I stole ..... Wtf .
This place is kinda depressing because of the run down decor.\n\nThe good thing is their black jack tables are the lowest in the lv area that I know of. \n\nSometimes $3-$4 but then you cant win much anyway.
service was great here, line is definitely worth the wait. We came in with friends and tried weekend specials, can I just say.. to die for!!
Awesome burgers and the fixings bar was fresh, the bacon was cut to cover the entire pattie and the fries were fresh, must go again.
Fleur has a very beautiful setting and atmosphere however, it's overpriced for the quality of food. I ordered the Dungeness crab salad which is not something I would ever order again. I was at the bar for my meal and the server talked to me a total of 3 times and never refilled my water.
Use a Taxi! Avoid Gray Line at all costs. I wish I could give zero stars. Waited 25 min for a shuttle to show up. The driver was rude, and we did not leave until the shuttle was full.
Oh Golfland how you have aged. Mainly spent time in the arcade, and so many of the machines are broken, buttons don't work and of course you don't find out until you put your money in. The staff seemed more interested in what they were doing and not really showing good customer service, just try to fix and walk away.
Went back today and tried the Tennessee fried steak.  It's not battered as heavily as the CFS and the meat is not as tenderized like the CFS.  The meat was very tender.  I enjoyed it and recommend it.  The sour dough is purchased locally and its got a good flavor.
Actually lunch prices are very decent. The gumbo was awesome, as were the ribs. I tried my friends plate, he had the ribeye sandwich with portebello mushrooms. Yummy, he wasn't a fan of the homemade Worcesterchire sauce but I really liked it.
Properly priced and great food.  I can eat there for less than 20 bucks and leave full and happy.  Great job, and the belt full of sushi is fun to watch and anticipate what item will come next!!!
The drinks are good (if u order them correctly.) I recommend the sheppard's pie! Nice atmos, ok service. Has potential to be a very fun evening.
Just a fun place to eat. Very good food, nice servers and a real treat to be here. We came by train and this good place to eat, a short walk from the Amtrak station in Maricopa.
This placeis awesome! Very convenient and the subs are so good. Love their special sauce. Great bread. The staff was very nice too. Will be back soon.
Average at best.  Tikka masala tasted more like tomato soup than Indian food.  Saag is fairly good.  Food not their best product.
Best place to pick up a quick bite at South Point Hotel. My jalape\u00f1o bagel was fluffy and loaded with cream cheese. Bacon is nice but the hash browns are like McD's.
Super cool decor - terrible service & mediocre food. A group of us went here to try it out on a Friday night. We sat at a high top table & waited over fifteen minutes before a waitress even looked in our direction. Totally unimpressed...crossing it off our Scottsdale handouts.
service was awfully slow... food was just meh.... eventhough we get comp for drinks.... the whole experienced didnt make up for it...
Good food and great service.  They have a tasty salad and a good beer selection.  The pizzas are fantastic.  I have tried each appetizer and enjoyed them all.
Food poison!
Good food, extremely slow service , portions VERY small for the price. Here on a weeknight and service was severely lacking! Regardless...food was good.
The food is good. Typically very fresh. I eat here a lot so I have had a few missteps here and there but I would recommend it to others. They have a very affordable lunch special.\nI only wish they offered brown rice and that they had vegetables with their amazing chicken dish
They don't do anything fancy but DAMN they do a great job with steaks. great basic meat and potatoes dishes. Food tasted great the warm bread and flavored butter, superb. \nWould get 5 star but the prices seemed a bit high. wish I could go 4.5
This is a lovely little place. Deceptively large.  At the front is a little coffee and tea place - with lots of home made cakes on display.  At the back is a great French-style restaurant.  Awesome food, wonderful flavours, and very reasonably priced too. Love it.
Not loving this place, but the food was ok. I saw the value with the Groupon we had, but I don't think I'd return without a coupon or something to save us money on a return visit.
Going down fast.room was kinda clean,called housekeeping 3 times for coffee,never came.gym machines are squeaky loud and dirty.
The name says it all.  You must order a samosa...and you will enjoy it.  The main entrees are pretty good too!  My wife is a saag fan..its all she gets and it was quite good here.
i enjoyed this place .. really sweet! clean! loved how it had a washer/ dryer legit! a fancy kitchen , and fancy showers.. too down! would deff stay here again
Always amazing. Every location is good. I love the chicken shwarma pita! This location is my favorite. First one I ever went to and consistantly awesome!
Too many great things on the menu to pick from! Great place!!!! I will be back! :)
completely worthless wifi.
Came here for lunch with work and ordered the salmon kale salad. Not having high expectations, it actually had a great oriental taste. The salmon was a little overlooked but the kale was delicious. This is a good bar to come to for some food, drinks and sports.
Its OK food, my burger was not bad but too much bun.  Greeter said it was happy hour but the server never mentioned anything about it.  Garlic mashed potatoes could be better.  Ribs are pretty good too.  Not bad for a chain restaurant.
Food was pretty good. Weird that I made eye contact with several employees but they failed to acknowledge or smile back. Meatball pizza was a bit soggy. That's all I had.
I love this place because they are the cheapest place to get you car washed. You can also get detailing done there too so its multi faceted. I think its 3 dollars for a basic wash tho which is nice.
The only reason I order food from\nHere is because I'm a regular at O'aces.  This restaurants management is THE biggest joke known to mankind. The only reason I gave it one star is because every once In a while they pull off a decent pizza.... and because I have to
Best veggie burger around. The staff was very sociable and welcoming. The guy on the grill was awesome - got all of the temps dead on. I only give it four because  seating is tight and they do not take reservations.
The customer service here is a grade F. Especially when your going to the drive thru.
I have eaten at Avenue B now 3 times.  Each time it has gotten better!  I went here on New Years eve with a friend for dinner and we had the most amazing oysters I have ever had!  Keep in mind its BYO, so there is no bar, so remember to bring your own!
It's what you expect, no surprises here. Only service tends to be slower at this location than others.
I'm perplexed by a number of the more recent reviews indicating problems with this establishment.  I had  wonderful experience at this place a couple of days ago.  The food was fantastic and the service was decent as well.  I would definitely go back.  I was also extremely impressed with the Thai Chicken Nachos.  Prices are reasonable too.
Went a few weeks ago and the service was nice. Went in for tepanyaki, but the food was a salty overload. Although we enjoyed the atmosphere, it was a different change from our usual Musashi dinners. Service 3 stars. Food 2.
Thank you for this post. I will be moving to Las Vegas and it is nice to know where the temple is.  When i get there i know where to go so i can put my Gohonzon up. Im am so looking forward to this move. Again Thank You.
Tried this when I was stopping by PostNet a few stores away. The place was empty at lunchtime but figured we would give it a try anyway. \n\nThe staff were very friendly but the food was really uninspiring.
Service is fast and friendly.  My orders have been fulfilled 100% without error.  \n\nSometimes I wish there was a drive-thru!
I had one one the best old fashions I've had in a while. Street tacos were fantastic, great presentation as well. Service was good, cool atmosphere to relax and have a good drink with some good food. Would definitely recommend it, and would definitely go back again.
Finally!  A restaurant that can make an omelet without browning it!  Great breakfast with great service.  Priced a little high, but still a winner.
Best gym ever, no crowds, very clean..great equipment .favorite gym of all time!!!!!
The food here was really good and fresh. We ate the Mongolian beef w/ lettuce and the 18 noodle. The food was very flavorful, the meat was tender, seasoning on spot, and noodles were fresh and cooked well.
Love this place. Hate when new places don't live up to the hype! Charming spot, great food and service. Innovative yet intelligent. Duck curry, crab curry with noodles, beef jerky, all highlights
The ASU Art Museum is like no other. It's outside space, with sweeping views of Arizona City, AZ  and the Pacific Ocean rival the Art that hangs from the walls inside its galleries. A real treat!
I have only gone to Carlys on my lunch break and it made me late returning to work. Regardless, I did enjoy my food and time spent there. The waitress seemed a little stressed out, but then again she did have about 10 tables to deal with all at once.
Been to too many T Bells to count in my life, but this one is a standout. The restaurant is new, and the design is modern, clean, and fresh. The employees were courteous and attentive. The food was fresh and satisfying. Loved the T Bell- themed paintings on the walls too!  Very impressive!
Milkshake was too runny for a $4.50 milkshake. Honestly think the girl didnt care what she was doing. The banana choc chip ice was good as others have said. Location is close to house and may go try the different drink options but no on a shake.
As a member of Sam's, the $2.57 Nathan's hot dog meal is a steal.
I have been very disappointed in this KFC. The service is lousy, the employees do not have a good customer service standard. My orders are consistently wrong. After my last bad experience I wrote them an email and they didn't even respond.
Love this place i had fun with my family and the service is Great all my facebook friends check it out.
Excellent beers, horrendous food.  Drink heavily before you eat.
Terrible experience. Always trying to up-sell. Took my wife's SUV thru yesterday.  Paid for the top of the line wash. Interior wasn't complete. When I pointed out the dirt the attendant handed ME a rag. Thanks for nothing!  My last visit to this place.
This location is gone.
Pretty decent Chinese food. I've been looking for a good Chinese restaurant ever since I moved here in 2008. Happy to find these place. Portions and meals are huge. Tried the beef chow mein and my friends had the veggie chow mein and chicken and vegetables. Would definitely recommend the vegetable chow mein.
Great coffee. Food is average. Good place to read a book.
Not a bad airport.  Pretty easy to navigate.  Close to The Strip.
I'm glad I had a BOGO coupon! I will give this place another try if I have another coupon.  08/24/2013 Update - I have yet to return.
I had some issues develop with my dogs stitches after the surgery. The vet was very responsive and asked me to come in right away. I feel like they really care. No charge for the visit either.
I used to love it. Now their tea is watered down and no taste. Their sandwiches are of lesser quality and they no longer have the things they need to make it. The have run out of supplys like no more Boba no more chicken. Just annoying.
Great selection, as one would exxpect from a Bath and Body Works.\n\nBut even better than that, great people.  They are always so helpful.  I will always come to this location.
Relativly new joint in Old Town.   very innovative margaritas.  Went midday so we had the quac and tostadas.  The patio is lovely.  bring your wallet though... not exactly cheap
Its a post office in a crappy ghetto location thats all
Ordered a salad and wings, way more expensive that it should be. Service took ever for refill, and the place wasn't even that busy. Looking at the prices on the entire menu, everything is priced an average of a dollar more than expected.
we ordered a specialty pizza yesterday. and it was one of the best i have ever had!
NOT VERY IMAGINATIVE but the people are very nice and if you like to gamble its the right place
Jason was punctual, extremely knowledgable, and nailed our long standing problem in one visit. Very pleasant and fair to work with. If you have roof rat issues, this is who you want to deal with !
Its not a 5 star place. But I give it 3 stars for what it is. Its simple to rent there. The staff are friendly & the prices are great. A double bed room for only $49 including tax is not bad at all. Conveniently off the freeway is another plus. Gotta love phoenix.
Great friendly service by the staff here. However, personally I find the breakfast menu is sub-par. Our friends rave about this place. Maybe there are not that many places in Brossard for breakfast, but better food and prices can be had elsewhere.
Try the meatballs. They are pretty darn tasty. Cute casual eatery at The Biltmore.
Average unauthentic Mexican.  Went for lunch from convention and was ok.  Would be a rip off for a real meal.  No way for dinner.  There is not much nearby from the convention center and the service stinks.  Too many tables that they are really slow in taking your order or bringing food.
I really do not understand why the reviews are so good.  The food was very mediocre and it smelled like old beer in the restaurant.  I do not recommend this place.
Not a large selction of any thingand over priced
Used to get their pizza quite often. It tasted pretty good. The last time we ordered it for pick up and saw pizza boxes stored on the floor. Never went  back! That's just wrong!
I've had better experiences at other churrascarias. the pork tenderloin and ham-and-pineapple selections were the only highlights.
Horrible. Service is slow, drinks don't come close to the pic and food takes a long time.
Good hotel, good service, clean, but showing it's age compared w/ the competition. I would stay there again. It's proxemity to lv convention center can't be beat.
The store was organized and current items on their add is easy to find. The only thing I don't like is how I got tricked into thinking I was going to get s good deal on this 10pcs glass Tupperware set,but turned out that. Included the lid...whoomp..whoomp :/
Horrible service on a Thursday night. It was busy due to playoffs and our waitress was very nice. She was however overtasked. 30 min average for a beer and the food was served cold. I will not go back.
Love the conveyor belt with the sushi going round and round. Pay attention and you'll know what's been out for a while so you'll know to not pick it up..... A Mexican making sushi? I knew it would happen eventually.
This place was terrible. We celebrated when they closed. They never had any of the advertised drink specials. They were always \"out\". Bartenders had attitudes. Patrons were over served college nerds and desperate girls. Good bye.
Always closing early and never got to try them yet. Today arrived at 7:41 and female employee turned the sign to close and locked front door. I had just turned my car off and was annoyed. Owner needs to know his staff are closing earlier than 8pm posted closing time-cardinal sin in food business
The food here was very good.  I gave a three star rating because the servers are very slow and the place could use a good scrub.  I liked the view of the aquarium.  The restauraunt is a little muggy and stuffy.  I felt as if I could not breathe.  The place needs to add some sort of air filtration system.
Stelllar.  Took it to go.  Nothing short of brilliant.
French onion soup -- um, looked horribly, tasted watery.\n\nSandwich not so good.  Burger eh.\n\nWaitress was nice.
I like to meet up with friends here after a long day at work. Their Happy Hour prices are awesome and the service at the bar has always been exceptional. Try it!
My wife and I ate here recently and really enjoyed the experience, service and food. I recommend the flat iron steak with stuffed chilli
Abosultely love the pepperoni pizza and Ceasar Salad here.
I have been eating Pho here for a couple of winters now and am pleased to say I have always had the same good soup and service. My wife likes the strawberry shake (?) with boba . I have not tried the rest of the menu but I do love the Pho.
Took my boyfreind for his birthday. Had fun. Joshua the hibachi master was hillarious. Good times had.
The apple cider vinagerette dressing is my absolute favorite! My only complaint is it's a little pricey. But when you factor in the convenience of it being close to home and the taste, still gets 4 stars in my book.
it looks like a motel or travel lodge, no amenities, no wifi, loud a/c. Housekeeping does not clean up the room daily. People on long stay put on the aisles trash bags and stay there for days.
Beyond disappointing....Wannabe Heaven...Overpriced ... Bunch of kids running the place... I wonder what it will be called next year after this one fails....
This place might now look like much... but the Sushi was AWESOME!  Very fresh!  This is the 1st time I went to a sushi bar and spent more on Alcohol then fish.  Prices are the best I have seen for sushi.  I will be back!!!
Plenty of vegetarian options for me. Good food and good service!
Loving the penthouse suite!
I am extremely disappointed in service I've received here lately. There are new people all the time and you never see them clean tools. Then today they changed the price on me after I asked when I arrived. SO NOT cool. I will not go back ever again!
Overall experience was good if your looking for a bite to eat that is inside the Mandalay Bay.  \n\nWe sat at the bar to eat.\n\nI would give 5 stars to our waiter/bartender Carlos. He was right their all the time if we needed anything!
Busy little breakfast place. Everyone I went with had savory breakfasts and they were very good. The sweet stuff looked good too. The coffee wasn't great, but they have a full specialty coffee menu as well. The service was lacking, but the food made up for it and I'd go back!
Love this local sushi spot. A must try in central Phoenix! They have a great selection on the menu! The fish is very fresh. You can spot me there at least once a week!
Best Thai food I have ever had! The service is quick and friendly. Hands down favorite restaurant.
Quality Godiva Chocolates for less\n\nThis is a great place to stock up on gifts to take back home.  \n\nI got a hazelnut praline truffle and a dark chocolate strawberry banana stick.  The chocolate and fruit were still fresh and yummy.
I used to love this place....until I got food poisoning. I know one other person who got sick from eating here too recently...definitely not going back.
We waited 1 hour an still didn't get our food. The other tables around us received their plates an finished. We had to ask why we didn't get served the manager said it was because of there new menu. What a stupid reply!!
Burgers rock! Seating sucks, rays of sunshine from the setting Sun will bore holes into your face. Get the BBq bacon cheddar burger, it's a real panty dropper
Candy crack house! Gelato was good, but cupcakes were not...
Owner is extremely personable cares as much about the customer as he does the business. Gonna take all my broken electronics here.
For Japanese everyday items, you will find it here. Well stock shelves, freezer, and friendly staff.  Love the small store front so you don't have to waste time roaming the aisles to find what you need. 5 stars all the way.
Worst experience I ever had. I was making my order and she totaled it before I was done. Ummm no!!! Look here, learn how to listen and take orders. She said she couldn't hear me but I was already pretty much yelling into the speaker box. train your employees better!!!
Our new favorite ice cream spot! With kronuts!!  Super friendly service, very clean place and very accommodating to our kids who wanted to sample all kinds of flavors.  And their recommendations were on point!  Happy customer who'll be coming back for more!
Came in to take a tour of the property today. Was not greeted nor asked if i needed any assistance by one of three associates at the property. Unbelievable, the property looked amazing. If this is what they call customer service maybe the residents or future tenants should go to Colonial Grand and take a look at their property.
Totally boring, I am glad my trip there was free.
I love the location, and atmosphere of this place.  I've been dining and drinking here for fifteen years.  Recently the service hasn't been amazing.  However, the food is still decent, and the beer is still satisfactory.
First time tried out this place after it's been a very long time since my friends told me about it. This restaurant is very small and simple but the food was so good and the price was better like $4.95/dish included tax already! Everyone was very nice. I'll definitely be back soon.
I will never take my car anywhere else. I was referred here years ago and I couldn't be happier. Moe is absolutely  phenomenal. Knowledge for days. These guys are professional, trust worthy and all around good people. Don't risk taking your car anywhere else. This place is top notch. Best in Las Vegas. No question.
Good food, good beer, be patient ,be prepared to wait, good live music makes the wait tolerable.
This is the best gelato I have had.  Small place, but quality is great.  I get a small size with pistachio on one side and pineapple on the other.  Walk down to zia and check out the cd's while you are eating the best gelato in town.
I'd do 3.5 stars if I could. Pretty good rolls, pretty good drinks.  Enjoyed the enchilada roll and playboy roll. Wife got drunk.
Love their Cuban pastries, Cuban coffee, the staff, Their cake etc. have used them for parties for their Lechon asado and arroz moro.. Nice to have in Las Vegas since there is nothing like it here and we are from Miami! Thank you Roly's for bringing South Florida to Las Vegas!
Excellent small little eatery in the Squirrel hill neighborhood, with a very friendly owner.
Kassi is awesome. if you need someone who listens she is your girl. i have always left feeling great with my cut.
Great Costco! I prefer this one over the one in Henderson considerably. Usual great deals and awesome food samples.
This is a nice family business. I tried their Bun Bo Hue and I must say it was the best I've had so far. The server was attentive and friendly. Definitely coming back to try other dishes :)
Went there Saturday night, and it was a blast! Great beer, we got one at the front bar, went in to the haus, saw the stein competition, sang a bunch of songs, and we parted ways. It was a lot of fun, and definitely a great place to stop by and have a beer.
Customer service was great,  the girl at the counter was very polite:) got 1 birthday surprise cupcake and it tasted \"okay\" for 3.50. Cake was moist, just overall flavor was bland. Could of had the same taste from a safeway cupcake for cheaper.
This hotel is terrible. Everything is old and run down! Carpets are dirty and the shower requires shower shoes. If you don't mind living like you're in a college dorm then this is the place for you. Otherwise, don't stay here!!!
Pretty awesome menus for the cheap breakfast. You can't beat it. If you're expecting the best service don't because the world comes here this late. Try to be patient and take care off your waitress.
Fun place.  Food is decent.  I was here on Super Bowl Sunday and it was packed.  I'd consider it again as a place to watch a game.
We really liked the place...nice ambiance, good tasting food, close to home. Yes, the portions are small, but its tasty. I really liked the quesadilla and crazy potato. The chicken tacos were good, too. We'll go back for sure!
I'm so pleased with the management team! The facility is clean and Julie the Director is great and seems trustworthy!
My family and I have been coming to Pedro's since I was a child, and I wish I could give it dozens of five star reviews. The quality of the food, service, and atmosphere has never disappointed. I'll be coming back every chance I get as long as I live in the Valley.
Great Bar!  Do not confuse with Bostons Gourmet Pizza.  Much different and better - excellent bar food, lots of quality TVs, satellite and a staff that gets them to all the events.  Lowest tab you are likely to find and good but fun trivia competition.  Try this place!
Awesome stuffed pizza slices for lunch. For the price it doesn't get any better than this for lunch of your wanting Italian. Seriously rivals Cibo as far as small wait time and quality food. Today was my first time eating and I'm bummed I didn't know about it sooner.
The past couple of times I've been here service has been slow, mainly because there are only 2 waitresses working. The food is pretty good for reasonable prices. They also have different specials for each day of the week.
I love the concept and the space, it always smells great when you walk in! I just wish it was more affordable. The price is just a bit much for what you get. I've had two taco mountains that were more like taco hills than mountains, very disappointing for what it costs.
Once again delish!  The breakfast burrito with a fruit side...perfect for late lunch!\nLove love love you guys!
This place is has got to be one of my favorite spots locally for coffee and a quick bite in vegas!  I've tried the vegan Wafflewhich and not that I'm vegan but thought I give it shot and it was DIVINE. I will definitely be going back to try the rest.
Tons of staff that are very helpful. Good ice cream!
I don't think it was worth the money. I left still hungry and ate my poor tasting BBQ chicken sandwich in about 60 sec. before leaving. 50 cent draft comes in a tiny cup (prob about 1/3 of a can of beer).
This is a bar-restaurant with a large beer list and a menu which consists of mostly bar-food items.  Though fried, the cheese curd appetizer was a nice opener.  A variety of sliders were available and, when combined with a shared appetizer and a soup (or salad), presented more than enough food to satisfy us.
Jonathan in Tire Center is excellent.  Get there when they open 10am or expect to need a friend for a lift.
Good merchandise, crappy customer service. I don't want to hear you and your coworker talk about what you're doing for Halloween while you cash me out. At least wait til I walk away. Shame.
Friendly knowledgeable staff. Get your cellphone fixed up fast!
The beer selection was so incredible that I threw up in my friends mouth.
Amazing little place for tea lovers. Great selection and atmosphere.
With all the hype, I truly thought this place would have better food. The burgers were nothing special and quite thin. The super thin fries were annoying and my  cookies n cream milkshake was a vanilla shake with some cookie crumbs on top.  This location might do ok only because its right in the middle of Mill Ave.
I love this team, but really.  Someone needs to help them, big time.
I used to live right across the street from here, I love the food!  I still drive across town especially for the brunch!!!  They also have really good specials on food and drinks, and great happy hour / reverse happy hour!  I'm actually on my way in for some huevos rancheros and mimosas!
Won't be eating there again. Check out the restroom as a precursor to cleanliness, or the lack of. Needs a makeover.
BANZI BURGER!!\nYour taste buds will THANK YOU!!!
I've been to this location twice in the last three months.  Both times have been very good.  The quality of the food is excellent and the service is good too.  I will definitely keep on returning to this establishment.  The prices are reasonable too.
Went a year ago and had a great time, this time game was great we had tickets in the founders sections with the meal. Staff was new did really have their act together also rushed people out at the end of the night even with people backed up at the exits
My boyfriend and I had never eaten Peruvian food before today. Inka Empires food was delicious!  The server was very nice and prompt with the food. I ordered a seafood and rice dish and my boyfriend ate the fried rice. Both had excellent flavor and were extremely fresh!
This place was cool very gay freindly. Bartender staff was a totally rude. Hotel staff was great. Cool rooms great pool except the hot tub was Luke warm when we were there. Guacamole was bomb. That is all
They have the most amazing burritos... Breakfast and the steak... Very comparable to chipotle :)
Funny, entertaining, adult oriented show. The seating where we were was comfortable, but some seats were folding chairs. Drinks were good but a little pricy. They have food, but not all seating is eater friendly.
Why does this place have 4 stars????? It's so slow!!! Are u kidding u took 15 mins for a Carmel frap?? And it taste like sh***t
hole in the wall..definitely take out instead of dining in..food was made fresh & huge portions..fried rice was good..sweet & sour chicken not so much..general tao chicken tasted how dogs smell :( wont return
Never again. Massage was ok. Staff was really rude. Associate said because of special I was supposed to leave at least 20% tip. She called me cheap. Wth. Whats the point of having a special if im required to leave a certain amount for a tip. Never again.
Food is getting less & less. Not that great! Lady here is just RUDE! Takes long for your order even when you call it in!!
Nice handout place with friends , free wifi,  also do not miss Juicy Steak....
The chicken tenders at Cane's is amazing. Gone many times with friends just to hang out and eat some really good chicken.\n\nEnvironment here is really coo after the Devils win a mens basketball game.\n\nThe staff are also really relaxing and helpful.
I love stopping in for lunch.  It is good, quick and affordable.
Great place for a morning in sweats. Like the fact that you can get a quality meal for $8. Don't ask for coffee though, the $2 drink leaves something to be desired. Staff was slow, but friendly, so I can't complain too much.
One star (no pun intended) just to be polite. The worst expensive Indian food I have ever had. Had the chicken korma, it was bland and on the cold side. Would not go back.
This place is ok
They are very courteous and friendly. Food is 3 stars because the broth is not so rich and serving is dwindling. It was great at first but lately not so much.
Came here by chance and had the egg paninis it was the best especially with the chile verde to add a bit of spice made the meal a whole lot better. Service was great!!!
We are giving this restaurant 5 Stars and our server Eloy 5 stars! He was incredibly helpful and pleasant. Mango margaritas here are the bomb!
A nice, casual American restaurant conveniently located near several hotels, theaters and offices buildings.  I thought the prices were okay, the menu was good, decor was okay and service was good.
WARNING!!!!!! My recommendation is to run, not walk, from Frontier Airlines to the nearest Southwest Airline counter.  My family has lost over $200 in a classic bate and switch ponzi and \"shame on\" every employee for not standing up for what is right.
Only place I will ever go when I'm craving carne asada fries !!! Prices are very great. and the food is always amazing :) Me and my family go here all the time !
It was just okay, service was okay and food was okay. We only went here because a $10 credit was included in our Las Vegas Power Pass.
Ordered their house lo mein, the noodle was very soggy. Flavor was so-so, nothing special about it. Also ordered an order of the potstickers, it was very doughy. The soy sauce for dipping was good though. Overall not impressed.
food was 7/10, however the service was absolutely atrocious.  the place is understaffed and nobody took our order or even offered to get us drinks for 15 minutes. the couple sitting next to us had been waiting even longer.  this is such a shame for a restaurant to be held back its service, of all things.
Like
Not very impressed with this place! Everything I saw was over priced and was not very unique. I would not visit this location again :(
Great produce. Reasonably priced.  Close enough to walk from downtown hotels.
If you like Chipotle, you should like foosia.  It's like a healthy Asian twist on Chipotle.  Fresh food, really nice staff who seem to want to make you happy.  Nice little porch to eat outside if you want.  I've been over 5 times and it is always good.  Interior and clean and modern.
I love coming here for the atmosphere and the comfy reclining seats. However, way too expensive for real poor food. Would not recommend anything on the menu or their over priced wine. Stock up before you go!
Asked for a taco and asked if the shell was fried.  Waitress told us yes, it was a regular taco shell. Food wasn't anything amazing. Food size was good but overall experience is a don't go back there.
This course is A-OK! Paid 20$ for cart with a 8am tee time in the summer! Twosome with no additions and no one behind us. Course could be maintained better but it is still quite fun! Great opportunity to use your driver! Lots of long holes!
Always am happy with DWG's veg options! Have been there recently for brunch and lunch. Thank you for great, quick service and good food!
This place is amazing! And you can't beat the prices either! \n\nGet the Swedish Meatballs!
Barely an upgrade from store bought sushi, the restaurant seemed dirty in general. I would never go again or recommend
This CVS gets pretty dang busy. The employees are helpful and move pretty quickly. They also have some pretty good deals, generally. I've only used the pharmacy once, but the pharmacist was very knowledgeable, friendly, and even told me to get well soon (stupid bronchitis!)
Other than a couple waitresses with big jugs this place doesn't have much to offer. The food is bland and over priced. Only positive thing I can say is that that they warm up their muffins.
Cute non chain coffee shop!\n\nThe decorations inside are cool and I love the murals on the windows.  Try the honey toast or green tea latte!  \n\nThe outside area is great as well!
The food and drinks were delicious! Jake was the best. He took great care of us and really made the evening perfect!!!
The food isn't that great, does not make you want to come back for more. Service is ok. I don't really know how they are still operating with the kind of menu they have. You can find their gift cards $80 for $100 value at costco if you love this place.
Came here for some Ice Cream on Saturday night.  Location is in a strip mall at the very end.  Location is open late, with a great selection of ice cream.  Staff was fun and friendly, and I will gladly return!
Great Sonoran enchiladas.  Very flavorful, authentic Mexican food.
Worst place in the world, unless you want to wait an hour for a witch to draw your blood then go here.
our whole family love the place we are regulars since its close to home\ni have tried most of the menu and its all really good\nthe bruschetta is a standout along with the pizza\nfriendly bar staff
Their commercials got me in the door but their customer service, knowledge and wonderful staff has me going back for my surgery.  Everyone I spoke with was very knowledgeable; they explained everything about the procedure and even offered financing.  \nVery clean, very friendly, can't wait to get my vision corrected.
Real cool spot, real cool barber, he's laid back and does a good hair cut. Says pay him what you think is fair. I recommend him to all the white boys out there.
They did a great job. They got us right in, they have massage chairs, they were very good.  They gave us bottled water. My daughter got a flower on each of her big toes and there was no extra charge even with a jewel on it.
This visit downgraded this store. You go in on the pretense of $5 any foot long. You get a roast beef and they call it a premium sandwich and charge $8!  Give me a break. It's a single meat sandwich. They just lost a regular customer over $3.
Great community over all.  They have a lot of family events that are nice to attend.  The community really does seem to watch out for each other.
This was one of first pizza places that I've tried inPittsburgh. It was about 5 years ago. I don't have a clear memory of that time but I have Parma pizza phobia ever since... So go figure...
Typical fresh frozen prepared food.
Cashier and server rude. STRIKE 1\n\nFlies hovering over buffet. STRIKE 2\n\nSHITTY tasting food. Unoriginal\n\nSTRIKE 3.  you're fuckin' OUT!!!
Great food and great choices. All taste fresh and they have something for every time of the day
Quiet as a ghost town the last several years, once upon a time I would have given it 5 stars. Nice for pool if you are out with friends and don't want any competition. I just want my dive bars to have some life. Average drink prices these days, nothing special.
A  locally owned cafe with great food and friendly personal service. A real winner in my book!
Not the best, but by no means the worst.  \n\nI agree with whoever said that this place is called The Bank because you will feel like you just made a deposit after buying drinks.  Can we say $200 bar tab?
If you like drinking pretentious drinks and eating mediocre food at rather high prices, all servied by scantily-dressed waitresses with HUGE attitudes and poor manners -- this place is for you. I, on the other hadn, will go elsewhere next time
Second time at Crescent for a concert, it was equally a mess to get in....so hot and stuffy inside the ballroom. We left early although the sound system is great and the artist we saw was awesome...it was too hot to stay longer.
Don't know if would stay again. Rooms were ok. Pool service sucked. Took 1/2 to get drinks, and another 1/2 for change
Great all you can eat sushi. Good quality food, and reasonably priced. \nThey have a pretty good selection of Sushi and other entrees as well. \n\nI would definitely frequent this place fi i was around the area.
It was good. Not amazing, but good. It is quite cozy too. It's good enough where if I lived close by, I'd be a regular, but otherwise it'll probably be an occasional stop-in. If you're a vegetarian, it's definitely worth checking out.
The wait time was long and the staff wasn't very accommodating. the food is decent though.
Have never been disappointed at Trevi!  The lasagna and Caesar salad are great, as are the drinks!  Jennifer has always been a great server, and we always ask for her when dining here.  Looking forward to coming back again!
My local grocery store.They just remodeled the cafe and dining area- looks beautiful and is spacious. They sell beer now. Also has a deli and cheese section. Gets crowded in the afternoons.
Went for my birthday dinner this weekend and decided to try Javier's. I have to say that I'm disappointed with my experience. Food was so-so, definitely over-priced and it was small portions. Location is beautiful and decor is breath taking. Margaritas cost about $15 but they were probably the best thing about dinner.
On arrival we were stung with 20 dollar/day \"resort fee\", per day plus tax.\n\nBed's were comfy, but walls thin, loads of teenagers partying.  We just stayed on the third floor, so not great views.  It was better value than other hotels in the area.
A lot of cash for not a lot of food.  The food tasted ok but I paid $28 bucks for a ribeye that was as thin as a burger at a fast food joint.  The have way to many items on the menu and the waiter couldnt answer simple questions about any of the items from out party of 6.
Good food, but its truly a shame how poor the service is. Waited outside for an hour and a half when the wait time was 45 minutes. Several parties that arrived after mine were taken in long before us. Piece of advice: make a reservation!
Munching away on some Taro chips and having a few rolls.  Gonna try the Kaiser roll now.  Mmm! \n\nGreat food and staff.  Its also great to see the place busy. Seems the word is getting out. \n\nS
I got Terrible's diarrhea the next day. Small selection of dishes.
I love the Duck!  Best wings in the area, always a lively crowd and enough TV's to keep you busy!!  Great service!
If you catch a good sale prices are OK but if not on sale you pay full retail!  Great selection, hard to find help, appear to be understaffed.
Ok call out order, they stay open later then the other pf Changs, The take out or was great! and we got free Lettuce wraps!!! Yum this is by far my favorite resturant chain or no chain! Great time in Vegas thanks to Changs!
I usually dont need help in a home improvement store, good thing because only big box store with worse customer service than this is Best Buy. But other than that my only complaint is that they usually dont have what Im looking for if I really want to get serious. This is a great store for the casual home improvement.
Worst customer service ever! asked me to wait for 30 mins, after a long wait of 1hr they asked me wait another 1hour and also suggested us go to another restaurant.. And the reason they gave is \"technical issues\". Wish yelp allows me to give a 0.25 on review.
Called then and they came the same day to fix my beeping old alarm. Great service and great offers. Definitely recommend them.
Most overrated Smoke meat restaurant I've ever tried. I've gone there a few time over the years simply from travelers asking to try it and, at best it's good, never great. Besides there's the Main restaurant right across the street that has the best smoke meet I've ever tried and the poutine rocks too.
Would NEVER recommend this car wash to anyone.  Hire lazy staff that don't take any pride in their work.  Better off spending a $1.00 and vacuum yourself.  Company is run horribly.  Don't waste any of your money as you will never be happy with end result.
Ah best food! Pizza is amazing, salads are to die for and dessert is heavenly! Love the friendly and chill enviorment! Have never ordered anything I did not like!
Wow. Great hidden secret in Las Vegas. Cheep plays. Great games. Good quality games and some classic antiques! Its also Non-Smoking and no Alcohol!
Food was super delicious!!! But the services sucked. Took 15 min them to bring back my coffee and 20 min to get the bill.
Only good dish is Singapore noodle.
This place is gross.  The tables are not clean and the staff is rude.  I watched them wipe thier nose and then touch my foood.  When I questioned this the manager said that the germs will \"cook off\".  I left with trying thier food.
Expensive. Paying for the location. Chicken tacos were average and the portion was a bit small. Wife had veggie sweet corn enchiladas. It was average again. Small portion again for the price. I ordered a margarita and it was good, but in a all glass for $14.
We ONLY go to this theater to see movies. It's always clean. The staff is friendly. The concessions are good, soda mixed perfect every time. The theater seating is comfortable and spacious. \n\nIn five years, we have never had a bad experience at this theater.
slow slow slow slow slow slow service to just get a permit...which was waaaayyy expensive for no reason!
this is the worst business in phoenix.  they call my house three times a day every weekday and refuse to take me off their list.  i've called and complained numerous times yet it will not stop.  the manager bryson is a jerk.  do not use them for any reason.
Kinda hit or miss as far as how many people will be here at any given time.\n\nStopped in for happy hour this week.  Pretty decent vodka tonic.  The chorizo appetizer was very good.
No way, go to All About Books and Comics better. This chain is only good for children and the casual comic book reader, not if you are a serious collector like me. No good selection on graphic novels and no selection in the horror genre.
I go to this store often. The thing that I notice is there are always one or two homeless people out front, but they usually don't cause any problems. They'll usually just politely ask for spare change and move on. Store is clean and staff are friendly.
Great place to watch football since they have big TVs and are non smoking. However, our waiter ruined the experience. I've never seen someone in a Vegas casino as rude and curt as he was. \n\nTip, get a players card. It's free and saves 10% on your bill.
Been a couple times already, burgers are decent, chili cheese fries are the bomb, service progressively getting worse. I'll still go from time to time when my coworkers and I are bored of everything else in the area, but it isn't a go-to spot for me in the least.
It was good, a step up from Rubios. It's still a fast food restaurant, and for some reason people expect more. I wasn't disappointed. I recommend the \"Bajaladas\" that's what I ordered. \n\nChill out people!
Outstanding food. Extremely friendly and helpful staff. Very clean and modern looking. I highly recommend you try this new establishment out.
Very good pizza, then it's time to leave. Absolutely clueless for even basic southern italian dishes. Eggplant under cooked, slced too thick, skin left on. Tasteless sauce.\nPasta dishes were poorly prepared.
Was seated and waited 15 minutes before a waiter came to my table. Poor customer services can't understand how they stay in business.
Wow!  Took a cab from the strip. Far away. 32$$ for the cab but worth the trip and cheaper than eating on the strip. Ordered lots of different things. Took people that never ate Lebanese and everyone enjoyed it!!!
I don't usually like sandwiches, but this place is legit! Perfect meal in Vegas... cheap, open late night, and YUMMY! Loved the Caprese and All-American.
Beautiful, artistic designs made by local artisans. Exciting inventory of unique items. Excellent business practices. A credit to the downtown arts community.
If you are looking for great foot care, this is where to go!  From diabetic foot care to complex surgery, you are in great hands.  The staff is professional but personable.  I had a major foot surgery with excellent results.  Your feet will be in good hands!
This restaurant has been a family favourite for many years but recent visits have been disappointing.  The pasta sauce was sciupata (bland) and noodles overcooked.  Don't get the feeling that there are many Italians in the kitchen.
This feels like a converted apartment building and I am pretty positive it is. The shuttle driver was rude when I tried to get a ride into town and the vending machine is where an old laundry station was.
I loved the baked ziti but the meatball was terrible. Dry old. Burned. No flavor. What puzzles me is why the menu says its one of their special items. Clearly they don't make them fresh
I love coming to this location because their employees are always friendly and very helpful. Their customer service is top-notch and very quick. I always recommend this location to people I know needing certain things, such as faxing, printing, etc. \n\nI will always come to these people for my print and ship needs!
Food tasted good but for tacos it is was pricey. Not a lot of seating either. I had the lobster taco which was 20$ but was small. Drinks are good though. They only have one Bench for a large group other than that go with only one friend.
Always a bit pricey for fast food, but always great in taste and quality
The service was amazing, thank you Josh! The food was delish! We will definitely be back. It's about time we had a really good pizza place and bar in southeast Chandler. Loved the thin crust pizza and the baked wings were a must. We will be back...soon!
Quick flight for a meeting on Phoenix and despite the $391 fare from Ontario they were the cheapest, both flights were on time and as scheduled. Seating sucks as on all airlines and they charge extra for everything but middle seats in the back.
Food is great and Eddie and his wife are fantastic.
worst coffee ever.  horrible. . I told them coffee taste really bad but seems they don't care.
Everything was amazingly fresh and made right in front of us. The portions seemed small, but it was so filling and satisfying we couldn't finish our bbq plate, or the ahi sandwich. Just like home cooking, but better. The meals were quickly and deliciously prepared, and seasoned just right.
Its cool. There was a bum.
Super ambiance, super bi\u00e8res, tr\u00e8s bonne cuisine style brasserie ...
The regional manager Tina Schreiber is extremely helpful.
I know it's the airport but are wings really that hard to make? We only had an order of wings and a beer and soda, but the wings were wayyyy below par.  Service was decent.
I stayed here on a work trip. The clock in my room is stuck on Chicago time, my tub is leaking and there is no wifi (how is that even possible!!?). Also, they add $20 to your room bill every day for coffee and water. I wouldn't stay here again.
I love this place! Lots of selections, but one of my favorites is the California burrito with no rice.
Seems like it can get crowded for events during the nightclub house. Get here early!
FRONT ROW SEATS!  are a little TOO close.  ]:  VERY loud.  and kind of boring even though they did have a few good aspects as a tribute to the beatles.
an absolute atrocity to all that is good and edible. you will see bundt cake straight from KFC. and what is up with the sushi roll with strawberries in it?!
Everything a good coffee shop should be. Good espresso and eats! Was skeptical it could stand up to supposedly \"world class offering in Boston, New York, and Portland on a recent vacation and Rush surprised us as the winner.  Glad to have it for our local pusher.
The people here are very nice and friendly. After I paid I felt as if they were trying to rush me out the door.
Stay in the Towers for a more modern hotel experience. We have stayed here twice in the courtyard and we were pinching pennies on purpose. Overall the hotel is well run, mostly clean, and we had a pleasant stay.
DELICIOUS wings!!! They are quick too. My only complaint is every now and then there is a baby wing and it's counted as one of the dozen.
Decent local Thai food. Friendly staff, decent spice level, and BYOB. No, it is not Nicky's. This place is still worth a shot though.
Bland sandwiches, good selection, but I was not impressed. It's bad when you feel like you could make the same thing at home, if not better.
This was pretty freaking good I must say! I had the eggs benedict and French toast...delish! Portions are HUGE too! I had left overs to take up to my room.
Excellent food great fresh fish and fun environment ! Had the ceviche, pulled pork tacos,shrimp tacos and ahi tuna. Will Definetly come back
Best service i ever seen. I have a warm welcome everytime i came to this place.\nYou should try the fry rice with pineapple or number 1 in fry rice list ( i forgot the name)\nI always come this place when i go to lasve gas
This is a great hotel. It just opened last week and fantastic. The staff is very friendly and they even sent a town car to pick us up at the airport. It is fair price and very convenient to the airport!
I was there on Saturday July 5th 2014. It was really good, I had an amazing time, very safe atmosphere, friendly staff, amazing dj. A definitive place to check out while in Vegas. One of my favourite night clubs.
Two second Review: Grabbed a quick bite here for lunch (only because there was no line). I had a half of salad and half of pizza - I was not impressed by either of them. I heard this restaurant is very good, so I am going to chalk it up to the items I ordered.
Great Staff!\nGood Care.\nDirty facility and slow attention.
The wings are good but be prepared to bend over with no lube.... that's 2$ extra. By fast the most overpriced food in all of Arizona
Well, its not a metairie la seafood platter but ok. The fish had freezer burn I ordered the \"Sea Fest\" $14.95 all you can eat. It was obvious that this platter had been frozen & shipped in. But not recently. The waitress was a lot of fun.
I don't really care what the overall stars rating is, this place is great!\nThe Shepard's pie is one of the best in the valley and the staff is always ready with a fresh pint.\nThe Sunday jam sessions for traditional music is great.
I was happy I found this store. All the other Skateboard shops I found where way to expensive but this one had a larger variety and the two guys who worked there were really nice. All there shoes where also cheaper and they had styles I had not seen in a while.
I grew up helping out at my dad's mechanic shop. I can spot a good mechanic. Abe is very affordable and does quite a good job. Would come back here any time.
Pretty bland food, from the salsa to the tacos. The tortilla soup is good, but heavy.  Great service from Calvin though, the others are drones with zero personality. MaitreDs were too engrossed in their own banter to even acknowledge us.
Good pizza and prompt friendly service.  Staff was attentive and my waiter made sure we were happy. They even changed the channel so we could watch a game.
I don't know what happened since the 2009 reviews but this place is Ghetto.  Worst Service in the world.  I know numerous people who will never go there again.  They drive further away to other BWW to eat.  Agai, it's not the food, it's the lack of service.  So sad.
Mouthwatering BBQ!!! The chicken was tender and cooked to perfection and I can't say enough about their macaroni balls. Looking forward to going again soon!!
So-so food. Nothing exceptional. We had the trout and salmon, and both were just okay. The bread rolls were good, and the salad had a pretty good dressing. The soup was just decent. Nice ambiance and location, and the staff was friendly. They should spring for some nicer plates and bowls though!
Back for lunch and it was awesome!  Loved the wings and the bacon Mac and cheese\nBurger!  Beer flights were awesome!  Thanks to Nick the Sheriff of Flavor Town for all his awesome recommendations and great service!
ANOTHER 5-Star shout-out to Brandon for making my Shee-Poo, Sicily, look SO incredibly adorable that everyone wants to know: WHO is her hairstylist!!!?  I won't go anywhere else!  Consistently PERFECT!!!
The crew is amazing, some of the nicest people I've ever met.
Fixed the screen of my iPhone C.  The screen was completely smashed they repaired it in 15 minutes and gave me a free screen cover. Excellent service thank you very much.    Added bonus is it is near Crown and anchor and the pinball Hall of Fame so plenty to do while you're waiting.
I love this place.  And that comes even after mistakes were made.  I was already loyal but once my order was not done right.  I brought it back and it was replaced but they refunded my money and gave me vouchers. \nI was clear that it was not a big deal but they insisted.
Don't go here if you need anything. They tried making it into a super Walmart but failed miserably.  There is no one around and if you need anything, go to the other two walmarts that are 3 miles apart, in the opposite direction. Super fail.
I absolutely love this place !!!! Everything is always fresh !!! I'm a sucker for the steak salad !!!!!
The one star is for the pleasant and helpful staff. Everything else was super low rent. If you just need a place to drop your stuff in your room this place is fine but if you want to enjoy your room do not stay here. The pictures posted on Yelp explain everything you can expect from staying here.
My wife and her family went there for lunch.  Found a bug crawling out of  one of their salads!  Never going back to this place and telling everyone I know to avoid it.
A little confusing finding baggage claim.  There definitely needs to be more signs of which airlines are at which baggage claim.  \n\nChick-fil-a restaurant is at terminal A and the grab and go is at terminal C.  \n\nSuper slow security.
I took my cat and Chihuahua there for a bath and brush to get all the loose hair off. Did and excellent job! Plus the toenails were cut nice and short and ears where cleaned very good! My cat had extremely dirty ears and does not like her ears cleaned. I was very happy with the grooming!!
Food was great! Its to bad the girl taken my order wasn't. She was annoyed when asked the price difference between a meal and just getting A sandwich. God forbid she had to use her brain to do some math.
Granted, I do have sensitive skin, so I always have some swelling afterward.  Never this much though, plus I had some cuts from the rough threading.  Great deal and looks good but not worth the pain.  If your skin isn't so sensitive try it.
Really good Mexican breakfast buffet
Welcome to the river, where we charge full cover 30 mins before the bar closes. Come experience highway robbery close up.
Ok, so the service isn't always the fastest, but its friendly and the food is great! Fish and pork tacos and shrimp stuffed peppers. Yum!! They just expanded and the new bar side is super nice. Love it!
Miss Saigon meets Brooklyn but in a good and non reproachable way. An inventive and expansive take on the Vietnamese classics that we've grown to love.  Good portions that satisfy your appetite without weighing down your afternoon.  Yet another win for the Coronado area.
Life in Vegas was one of the best decisions we made for our wedding. Jab and Carlo recently captured our wedding in Vegas and went above and beyond to make sure it was an unforgettable experience. Highly recommended.\n\nThank you Jab and Carlo!
Great spot for tires.. The waits are long always busy week days and weekends everytime i drive by but definitely worth it..I love the fact they price match ..Keep that in mind when shopping around... They also have the best selection of tires around at some the lowest prices.. My go to place for tires.
Not in the nicest area but a great gym, only thing missing is a track. We normally go to215/Flamingo but at place is overcrowded. We drive 10 miles out of our way to get a real workout in. The staff is always friendly and place is always clean.
Very good! The roast pork was awesome. Best ramen in az, definitely coming back again.
It is Starbucks after all, nothing special about this place.  When you really need a coffee and/or sweet things and there aren't any places around you, you take what you can have.
Super Grimey casino.  Food is bomb tho.
Been coming here since they opened in 99!  Great Chinese food!!  Cool interior, great service and fabulous food!!  Little pricey, but worth it..
Yummy yummy!!! Best burgers for this price!!! Service great!!
We drove from Huntington Beach, CA to try the food at KoMex and I have to tell you that the drive was worth it!  Everything we order was awesome.  The prices were very reasonable.  The service was wonderful and we got our food quickly.  I highly recommend KoMex Fusion Express!
This is my favorite grocery in Las Vegas. The salad bar is excellent. I can watch sushi being made in the store. They have Boar's Head meats. I often see management personnel walking around the store keeping an eye on things. They have products that are sometimes hard to find west of the Mississippi. Great store. Nice layout.
A very busy golf course during weekend!
This place, hands-down, has THE BEST GF pizza!! The decor and atmosphere are more than enough reason to come, but the food...you'll never want to leave.
Awesome food. Filling portions. Def get the red velvet pancakes if u got a bit of a sweet tooth
My friend picked up food here for us and her chicken was hardly cooked! Another friend had the same problem! I think this sums it up!
First all kind and fast service. Good atmosphere the food was great. They have a bunch of options to choose from.
The food needs improvement ! its not really good and I'd rather eat at DT's
Stone crabs and the crab cakes appetizers rock! The staff are really on top of their game. The filet was excellent and I love the sauce that they put over it. Overall a great experience. Highly recommend.
Awesome place !  Kid friendly. The food is out of this world. Slightly spicy but not overwhelming ! Prices are perfect and small children eat free ! Food is always fresh and wait staff/ owners are attentive and kind. My favorite Indian restaurant !
Great quality frozen yogurt! Staff is full of smiles and always friendly! Plenty of flavors & toppings to choose from. Hits my sweet spot! Don't forget to get your stamp card!
Always a nice quiet place just steps off of the strip to take a break.
Very nice menu, the Raos wine is fantastic, cool place to go for a great meal, staff is always friendly, they no longer open at lunch which is a bit sad,
This particular Bucks seems to be hit or miss. The pizzas are always cooked fast, but the quality seems to vary quite a bit. Decent pizza if you're looking for thin crust, take out only--they have no seating and do not deliver.
Amazing staff and doctor.  I've been seeing Dr. Larsen for years and trust his diagnosis.
I bought a voucher and this place is very unprofessional. I feel like it's a single lady that has her number of her Cricket cell phone. Amazon was great and refunded my money with no issue but I really was looking forward to getting my house professionally cleaned...... Dont do It!
Having a delicious lunch before I go into work!  Started my lunch off with a free mango lassi! Check in on yelp for a free mango lassi or soda!  So yummy! Always great service too!
The bottomline: the staff of this small business know their products much more than any big chain competition. And they don't work on commission.
Yummy veggie noodle soup... Veggie spring rolls and shrimp rolls are delicious... Lightly fried... Glad my family enjoyed it and they say that Vegas doesn't have good thai food..
The app was very nice (something breaded and fried), the margaritas were strong, but the service was slowwww.  I ordered the tofu secuwa, and they somehow served the tofu too dry -- didn't know this was possible.
Just left after a four day stay. This is a tranquil and five star property amidst the craziness of Las Vegas. Everyone and I mean everyone at this hotel is very accommodating. The service is outstanding and the health club and spa are wonderful. The pool area is like an oasis.
love bakers. super friendly and knowledge staff. great selection of plants and trees... always a relaxing trip to this nursery!
Very impressed with this hotel, we got lucky and they had one cancellation leaving us a room for the night. \nVery clean, well organized, and nice complimentary breakfast \nWould definitely reccommend
Terrible!!! We took our son hoping for a fun meal.... he loved to atmosphere but we could have walked in and had the same experience! The food was horrible, service was slooow! Don't waste your time!
Decent but not as large as the other H&M at Caesars
Did not realize that this was another location of my favorite Miami restaurant. You must have the crab here and do not pass on the key lime pie! This is the key lime pie from which all others should be judged and frankly none can compare.
Best Tortas so far. Good Quality.
Awsome club, gareth emery  was the best.  All of the workers were dope. Make sure you have a good promoter. Line was super quick. Packed club. Good layout. Overall not bad. It really depends on when you go. Good start to the new  year.
While I have had good service at other locations, the service that my family had tonight was horrible. It took them 25 minutes before they brought out our salads and over an hour before they brought our pizza. We saw some tables turn over twice before we got our food.
Super friendly people. Had exactly what is to be expected from any good smoke shop. Tons of selection. Will be back!
Worst papa johns ever !!!! Ordered twice here and got my order wrong twice. Didn't even apologize and just told me \"dude, we can make another one in 10min!\"
I hate cooking and luv middle eastern cuisine, & with the minimal amount of ridiculously over-priced and under-performing middle eastern restaurants in this town, Aladdin Market is a great solution.
Freeds Bakery is definitely delicious, their cakes are super moist and they have a big variety on cakes and cookies, they are a bit on the expensive side but so worth it.\n\nFYI; when you come here and check in through Yelp, then when you make a $6 purchase they give 6 cookies for free.
This is the best Vietnamese food in Phoenix in my opinion.  Staff are nice, prices are reasonable, and the food is excellent.  Ambiance, not so great.
Hands down, the best Mexican food in Mesa.\n\nGreat quality drink selection, fantastic ambiance, tasty food, good service.
Great authentic Irish Pub not a chain just a real Irish Pub, Great food, music and people.  This is a sure thing to bring out of town guests, family and to celebrate your life. Great memories here for sure.
Our family eats there at least three times a week. We are never disappointed with the food or the service. 1st rate in our book.. \nFriendly courteous and prompt with their service. They have it figured out! For a first class dining experience stop by you will not be disappointed
I used to like this place but I don't think I'll be coming back. It's just not worth the price. Also asked for breakfast at 2 minutes after 4pm. Had the place been crowded I could have understood, but they were dead. Won't be back anytime soon.
Good food.  Good coffee.  Good people.\nWe even brought our dog along for breakfast and he was welcome.\nGreat little place with yummy and reasonable food prices and friendly service.
I've been here several times.I have no big complaints against this store, as they've always gotten my order correct.
This place is great! Dr. Reese & the entire staff are fantastic. I would not take my dog Roscoe anywhere else.
The ambiance is good. Sangria was good too. But we were a big party and sitting on a big table. I asked for a salsa refil, the server picked one off our table, turned around and handed it over to me. I was thinking of giving 4 stars, but just 3 for now!
I don't think I've ever had bad Ethiopean food so the best I can say about this place is that it's not so bad, but not so great either. I ordered the meat combo and veggie combo.
Big fan.  Not traditional mexican, but more like Nuevo mexican.  The flautas are the best.   Love the sauce.\n\nThe tacos are OK, the fish ones are the best.\n\nThe crab topped snapper is also very good.
Sidebar is a cool spot to have drinks and to people watch. I love the ambiance, and the drinks are pretty strong. This spot reminds me of bars in DC (Adams Morgan)...I like the chill music and the hipster crowd that it attracts....Sidebar is the spot to be!!
This hotel has the worst customer service that I have ever seen. They were rude and the room wasn't clean. They had several homeless people hanging out in the lobby.
Home away from home. Great selection of Cigars, wrist watches and shaving products. Great place to hang out and have a smoke and watch sports on 6 large tv screens. No membership fees and you can also store you collection in the back room free of charge. Highly recommend Cigar King.
Great sandwiches!  Best around down here in the EAST East Valley.  Prices are high otherwise I would eat here more.  Recently had the Chicken with Bris cheese on Ciabata bread and it was outstanding.  However $9 for that sandwich is pricey.  \n\nThey have other food there that I would love to try.
Both the Shu Mai and Ha Gow had a very strange taste, not bad, just different from the norm. Nice place to eat, give it a shot.
Good selection of kicks, fitteds, and accessories. Pat, a worker over there, is a down to earth dude always willing to help answer questions or find a size. Big ups to the undftd crew.
This location seems to go through an abnormally large number of new staff constantly. I have not had a problem with getting the correct order, but customer service is very hit and miss.
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater. The shrimp on skewer was over cooked with no flavor and the Caribbean lobster tail had no favor what so ever. first time there and might just be the last.
Just too many homeless folks, its kinda depressing. Hooe they find a warm place to lay they head under. Other than that the food is tasty!
I wouldn't say the pizza has maximum flavor... but it had a nice thin crust, with really good texture... overall, not very flavorful... I probably wouldn't get the pizza again, but I'd definitely try the hoagies and other sides.
Nice selection of favors. Store is small and often has a long line, but worth the wait!
Welcome to the neighborhood Pita Jungle.  The food is as good as the other locations and the service is very friendly.  I wish the bar area was a little larger.  The outside patio is a great option on nice days.
Didn't hate it, didn't love it.  And they served me a desert they knew was bad.  If you know its bad don't serve it, very simple.  Upside is they have cucumber vodka.
@ filibertos now and nearly all the tables are filthy no sauce cups in the dispenser sauce bar is a mess \nI will definitely cross this place off my lunch list
Very good NY style pie. Down 2 stars because I'd gladly pay a little more if they'd pay their employees better negating the need fore the tip jar!
Great wings and a good burger.
Pretty solid pizza.  A good New York style slice. It's on the third floor tucked away down a hallway.  They use these new special pizza boxes that break down one half into 4 plates and the other half folds into a close-able half pizza box.
Cold Crappy Food, Over and Over...\n\nWhy do I Torture myself every time.\n\nThe Manager is W E A K !!!\n\nKyle Davis  - Manager
Awesome awesome awesome! Food was great, service was friendly, and Andy is the best at keeping his team in line for a  top-notch dining experience! It's a brand new restaurant that I'm sure will be the talk of the town soon. Fantastic!
Excellent, breakfast is my favorite so I don't give 5 stars often.  This is now one of my favorite's.  Great food and excellent service!
Also watch some of the better reviews on here they are paid to do that if you look at there reviews they eat at many places the same day. Even different states?
Nice selection of beer. However, be careful if you paid with a card. One of the servers (I think his name was Ryan) decided to change my tip. Apparently the managers (if they exist) do not care because they never attempted to contact me back.
Overpriced. Small amount of fish in the Maki rolls. Nice atmosphere but not good value for the sushi.
An appointment was set up to have my mom's television mounted this morning. Not only did he never show up, he never answered the phone after not showing up.
Have purchased trees here,tagged them,only to have them sold out from under me later.  Won't go there again, no matter how good the staff is. Miss the old owners. Kids don't count.
Just stopped in for a pancakewich for me & my little lady, smoothie for my baby & mocha frappe for me. Quality of food, considering its McDonalds, was good in comparison to other McDonalds. Drive-Thru personnel was friendly. It was a good start to our morning
It's tough to find top notch customer service. When I came here to mail a package, this is exactly what I got! It's easier for me to come here than going to USPS. Will definitely do business here again!
If you are looking for a fancy state of the art restaurant this is not your place. It is a good burger with kind workers. Yes the burgers do get messy but that is part of what makes it so good. I will be back for sure.
This is a great shop to find the sexi Billet items for your ride. Purchased an Polished serpentine set up for my SBC and some other dress up items and billet interior parts. Great selection and knowledgable staff. A little over priced for certain things so do your do-diligence and compare prices.
Hands down the best place to go for your embroidery needs.  Professional, prompt, and at a great price.  Love these guys!
like the sightseeing
$40 dollar, hour and a half long delivery time pizza. Burnt and cold. Pass.
I was here last night, this place looked amazing. I was impressed from the moment I walked. Great atmosphere great service. They have only been open for a few months and there wasn't much of a crowd but it's a great spot to grab a beer and watch the game.
Lifepower is my favorite place to practice yoga in the area. I frequent the hot vinyasa classes and I love them! The music and the atmosphere is so fun. I'm always sweaty afterwards, so I appreciate the facility's nice locker room and showers.
Love their bread!  The service was great! Def make a reservation because wait is usually pretty long. I had the ahi tuna salad because I wanted something lighter.  It wasn't the best ever because the ingredients didn't really seem to come together but it was fresh.  For that, I give it 4 stars.
Make no mistake that this is a dive bar. A friend invited me out for some pool after a comedy show and this is their go-to spot. Everyone that I encountered was nice, pool and drinks were cheap, and although the deco could use a little attention, it was exactly what I expected.
Great prices, Great work. Very fast. Went to TLC Flooring at 1pm on a Thursday. Contractor was at my home at 8 AM Friday ready to put my new floor in. Prices are really fair.
Their 50% off for locals is a big rip off. They add on 18% gratuity on the full price of the meal and to top it off their food is not very good, it's mediocre Italian at best for their prices.
Kids have a great time jumping around in the trampoline area. I just wish they had a separate jump area for the smaller and bigger kids.
This market means well, but it's small and quite a hassle to get to. It mostly only has a few cheese and butcher shops and many (many!!) flower shops. I enjoyed my stop at the Choclatier here.
My favorite suntofu place!! I always recommand this place to my friends when they want to eat korean food.
Money in pocket to spend. Not even a hello in an uncrowded but nice looking store with what looked like a good inventory. Looks like I'm going to Bass
Clean and safe park elevated in foothills of Vegas so a bit cooler as well. Nice at night to occupy the kids
Going downhill, food was below average.  Service is ok.
I would never go back to this place\nA lot of promises that never get a cover\nTrick you to spend more money\nThe worst place I have ever been
Went last nite. Great atmosphere and food outstanding. Mac and cheese. Hubby had smoked tuna fish sandwich and loved it. Also enjoyed flight of local beers!  Can't wait to go back!
Om nom nom! Tasty veggie food that even my highly carnivorous dad likes! Friendly staff and atmosphere!
Food was good when it finally came.  Portions were small.  They had no staff working.  Waited 20 minutes to place drink order.  Probably will not go back.
Great place to watch the game and love music.  Nachos were gross - too sweet! Sweet nachos?
Getting a little bit old and nasty.  Sorry Gang.  Better places to stay in this city.
Better then chipotle anyday!!
I will NEVER return to this establishment for my manicure. The service was very poor. I also witnessed one of the nail technicians (male) yelling at a customer. Very unprofessional and rude.
Gross! Was worse than a Golden Corral. Thought I could at least eat salad, but they messed that up too.
So delicious!! Never ever fails me :) spring rolls, summer rolls, cheese wontons gotta try them all! Their pho is amazing and always consistent.
Great happy hour specials!  Love the pink lady and the jalapeno rolls.  Nice little sushi place close to home.
Great place to watch Bellagio fountains. Had bit of a wait to sit on balcony. Burger and fries were pretty good. Would like to come back again and try something else. The menu had some interesting things on it.
The management or owner is descendant of the Toyotomi Clan.\nGoood ramen and simple menu but awesome!
Great bar area and a pretty good selection of food. The bartenders and very friendly and attentive. The wait staff is decent, the seem as though they are in a hurry at times even if the place is not packed. Overall a good place to hang and watch a game with all the TV's they have there.
I really enjoyed my dining experience here there is no better way to have dinner at sunset in Las Vegas with a rotating dining floor and seeing the spectacular views on a 360* scale! Service was on point, food cooked and served to perfection and delicious! Fun romantic ambience! Will most definitely return!
Food was awesome, service was great! Had the fish and chips. Can't wait to go back and try the Sheppard's pie. Went on a Friday night with my husband and 5 year old son. Great atmosphere, and very friendly staff.
The food was pretty good. The lady owner was really nice. She also sang karaoke while we were eating. Price is great.
Was very disappointed at the lack of choices on the menus and the fact that a place focused on \"healthy and vegan friendly\" items has Absolutely no Gluten free choices other then an omelet and tomato soup.  Food was good but not great. Probably will not eat here again.  Cute decor.
My bf and I LOVE this place! When we want pizza, this is our go to. We can eat an XL between the 2 of us... of course I have like 2 slices and he eats the rest. SO good!
I got a coupon in the mail and decided to give it a try. First time having reflexology, I loved it! Enjoyed every minute of it. I highly recommend!! I'm a customer now :)
If you weren't a meat eater before, you'd become one after eating here!! Even their salad bar was great. You must try their red sangria, make sure it's mixed well & is on the sweeter side.  My Husband & I are fans now... :)
Service was good but definitely don't order a bagel especially if you are used to having one at City Deli or Bruegger's.  Ice Cream was yummy.
Food is always good (love the Philly).  Happy hour is 3-6 daily (despite what the website says!) and they have a bunch of tapas for a couple of bucks during that time.
Good new place but super busy and unorganized. But the meat on the pit stick is AMAZING!! A must try. They even have the street corn on the cob with mayo!!
Cure that hangover.\n\nThe burgers are perfectly sized, if you share them.  They have a decent numbers of brews and the \"adult\" shakes sound pretty tasty.  For some reason, the place is always busy.
This place is always good for a quick bite to eat and to enjoy a cold beverage. The burgers are good and the fish tacos are good too. Once you get there and start eating you may want to stay a while and watch a game and have another beverage. I will always have this place on my list.
The fly plus the worst Greek food and service I have ever had..... This place was straight up awful. Thank god they served wine out of a bottle they bought from an outside company.....
Perfect cup of coffee, and a great atmosphere
It's as if they used an oatmeal base to form a selection of Deli item imposters to create one of the blandest sandwiches that I have ever eaten. \nHeed the warnings and go to Phillips or Sbarro.
I visited for the 21+ event, but it looked like there are tons of great exhibits and hands on elements for kids and adults alike.  I wish the 21+ event had been a bit less populated so I could have done more, but I would go back.
Ordered the \"grilled veggies \" plate to be helathy...an give them a chance over pita jungles version . These were frozen then thawed overcooked greasy soggy veggies. Not ever going back.
Great experience good food great beer the garlic knots are the best ... Kimmie was the best server we have had in years..
Menu looked good but the breakfast burritos were horrible.  Destroyed my day, should have went to Fausto's!  Never again and my boss agreed.
We used to frequent this ayce. In the past few months the quality has gone down the tubes. The freshness of the fish has suffered as well as the size of the pieces. With the selection of ayce in town this place does not compete any longer. I would not bother stopping here and wasting your time and money.
Pho was decent at best. Too expensive for what they're serving, I would rather go across the street for the same pho tai bo vien at half the price.
We love this place! Try the Aloo Tikka - a great appetizer of potato cakes with sauce that my boyfriend tries to lick off the plate. The Chicken Tikka Masala is excellent, as is the curry.
This place is awesome. The food is great. Nice and spicey! Best thai food in Vegas!
Cocktails and food with little distraction. It's the same price as you would pay regularly, and the food is yummy. It's our new favorite movie experience so far. \nGreat date night!
whenever i visit this location my ice cream is always runny and melted. it took me less than 5 min. to drive home after ordering a banana split and by the time I was home it was melted. this locations sucks.\n\nthe one on Gilbert between Elliot and Guadalupe is much better. Never had problems there.
I hate this airport, check in counters are so outdated and slow. Shuttle train sux, and enough of slot machines! \n\nIf I can avoid this place I would.
The service was good, the waitress was friendly n didn't over bother us but the food was ABC 123 it was plain as can be to me sadly...... So I'll try again cus my partner claims it's native New Yorker...... Even though I would beg to differ
I went there twice in a week with clients because of its location and the fact that I really like their salads, on both days I had to send my food back because there was a hair in it. First time on the cheesecake , and the second time in the salad. It's a definte must avoid for me now.
Bacon chili cheese dog...Blah.
Food was great but they told us 25-30 minute wait and we actually waited an hour and a half. \n\nWhile we were waiting, we decided we'd go down and play some pool until we found out it was 7 or 8 dollars (can't remember) just to play one game!
I like this theater. It is clean and never super busy. The employees are helpful. The seats are comfy and the theaters themselves are in good condition. We like to come here because of that stuffed animal show they have in the casino. My kids love it.
So my family and I tried to get some yogurt here but there was a notice on the door that the owner hasn't paid the rent and the landlord kicked them out as of 1/11/13. Oh well, there's Yogurt+ down the street at least.
Good food ... But priced a little higher for student crowd ...
This place is fun and the staff at least from my experience were great.. The design of the pub is unique and is definitely designed for a social experience.  The lunch here is good the dinner is forgettable but this place is a pub and you need to expect that. The beer selection is great and that alone is a winner for me.
My boyfriend and I have been coming here regularly for years! We love the great happy hour, the food, the drink, and the service! One of our favorite spots! He loves the Fitzgeroll and the ten spice salmon, I love the jungle roll.
It is a cute place that sells little candy type stuff and ice cream I had the chocolate malt ice cream in a pretzel cone it was  so  good :-D
Very poor service. Had to search down our server to order and again to get our bill. The guy who brought our water was very nice though. The food was bland and mediocre at best. I would definitely not recommend this place.
Another superb meal for me and two friends. Same exceptional service. Will be back.
great food, great service, romantic ambiance
UPDATE:\n\nJust added some picks.\nCHEAP ($6.99 for dinner NOT BAD.) but not much of selection. Nothing special- standard Las Vegas buffet food. Service is good though.
Kung Pao Chicken. I used to enjoy the Kung Pao Scallops. Not sure why they removed it from the menu. It is so large I have lunch for the next day. Love being able to order online and customize my families orders.
Good vibes. Great atmosphere! Was welcomed from the jump and was very comfortable during my visit. Ignite Yoga really made it easy getting out of my comfort zone and will plan on attending again in the near future, due to their reasonable membership fees. Had a blast! Namaste!
I loved this place it was our first Pho experience and the gentlemen that hosted us made sure we enjoyed and understood everything he even made a special dish for my 6 year old daughter. The food and customer service was amazing two things hard to come by in the same place id totally recommend it and will be back soon!
We drive all over the city for their AWESOME quesadillas! Simply the best around!   very unique and flat out delicious! Must give a try if it's in your area. Also, very friendly staff!
Bug in my veggie sandwich from the bar :(
The outdoor seating is superb.  The waitstaff is always friendly, even if at times inattentive.  The drinks are strong and reasonably priced, and the food is delicious.
Great atmosphere, very good service and unique and flavorful food.
Large won ton saimen $8. Huge portions and good price.  Had other dishes. All good.
Glad we went. The food was tasty albeit a tad boring for my spicy palate.  It was nice to have muliple side dishes to choose from. The restaurant is very nice in yet another unassuming strip mall. We were pleasantly surprised.  Kuddos for a family run business!
The ladies here are very sweet and talented. We had 2 bridal gowns that needed a bustle and minor alterations. The prices are very reasonable, the dresses came back perfect,  and the length in time getting them back was very fast. Is recommend this shop for any and all alterations.
Well first of all the club was ok for my first time being there. There was more women then men. That's always bad. The smoking in the club should be a big hell no cause that turned our group of 11 away. The DJ was cool but too many slow songs. I was try it again on a Friday or saturday night!
Great atmosphere and really friendly bar staff. They light the place up with candles every night. The food is great and the only reason I didn't give them a 5 star is because the drinks were a little pricy for what you get.
This place basically sucked and was expensive for Mexican. There are so many better places. It's the most basic of basic Mexican food. Bland. Boring.
Amazing natural beef burgers with gluten free buns. The fries are piled high and the specialty boozed up milkshakes are delicious. One of the best values in Vegas. Our waiter was really nice, service was timely. Highly recommend for lunch and a buzz.
For $5-all day when you are here as a tourist is probably a great deal to travel the strip & go Downtown, but as part of the CAT Bus system here in Las Vegas it is just ridiculous. Why no designated full time bus lane.MAXX on the N LV Blvd is the best.
Rice bowls are friggen huge and delicious\n\nDogs are cray
Went here twice last month with family. My husband suffers from multiple food allergies and the waitress was supper helpful on our selections and more then willing to check with the chef. The food was excellent, service was great even though they were always busy. I would go again and again and again, Awesome!
Everything you could want in a retail park.\n\nExcept parking. Absolute shocker!\n\nOh and bring back a cinema and megabowl. They are sorely missed.
Was in town to visit a relative and decided to come here for our departing meal. Breakfast was fantastic. Food was fresh and tasty. Service was friendly. Nothing fancy but that is not what you would come here for anyway. We had a great experience.
This is a bigger comic book store than the other samurai stores around the Phoenix area. They have a section of new issues and issues that haven't sold out from the last couple if months. There are very few back issues. There are also lots of tables for gaming tournaments, card games I think.  Pretty basic store.
Brought my son and bro for first time. As usual, best Italian food around! Only complaint , we shared dishes. Crazy Alfredo had two shrimp and there was 3 of us! Other than that Bomb.com!
Gibbys is now closed, it opened up under new ownership on august 19th and is now know as The Hangar.
It's small, food is excellent! Polite courteous service.\n Well... the Panang is still excellent, but the noodle dish was dry noodles with dry pork, tasteless and useless. They didn't add the chicken I paid extra for either.
continues to go downhill -  from the hostess, to seating, to wait staff, to food prep, to price.
Finally found something I liked! But only one thing.  This store is super crammed, to get by someone, you both literally have to smash up against the clothing racks. Very annoying.
Really enjoy this place! Fresh, healthy food and wonderful humus! Laid back environment and service has always been really friendly.
Went there for New Year's eve dinner.  We were very disappointed with the food.  Will not go back again.
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):\n7 Food\nn/a Service\n7 Atmosphere\n8 Value
Major sausage fest.  Nothing special.  The female bartenders were pretty hot though.
Been here a few times for lunch - always had the bun\n\nI enjoyed my bun and will return again\n\nNice ambience and good service - parking not so good at lunch - once I parlked in the rear of thebuilding
It's ok, good for a quick bite. I don't understand the almost cult like following.\nMade a mistake and had the shake instead of pop and was sick for hours.\nStaff was very friendly, but they needed someone dedicated to keeping the place clean.
Its a margarita store inside a mall... not that cool.  Go and do something else in vegas.
It's a classic diner and doesn't pretend to be anything else.  Breakfast places seem to hard to find these days.  Scrambled eggs, bacon, toast, and tea were served as ordered for $6.  If you want to pay three times as much for the same meal, visit one of the local hotels!
This target took out a that photo Center now they just have the portraits studios  it was nice to make your own photos and copies but that service is long gone stores pretty big they, The produce always fresh along with the meet.
Bought a gift certificate for Horseback riding at a High School Fundraising Auction. This place is closed!?!  My daughter was super stoked when we won the auction and she was going to go riding. What a let down and shame! Sucks to pay for something that is no good. =(
Beautiful rooms, excellent meeting spaces. The beds are like clouds and the double shower head in the bathroom was amazing. \n\nHowever, the customer service lacks excellence and the WiFi is completely unreliable.
One of the great reasons for living downtown.  I get to wake up and walk to this local coffee shop.  Great place to hang out and get a great drink. Nice local downtown vibe.
Best sushi in Charlotte:\n\n\nTiger shrimp\nBlue fin toro tartare\nSpicy hamachi rice crispy treat\nBig hourany roll\nSalmon belly nigiri
About a 20 25 minuet wait but food got out pretty fast Thai tea is pretty good and the pho tasted about average, overall friendly staff pretty clean and fast server 3 stars for the food.
$3.00 for cheese sauce on nachos???? Are you kidding me. It was part of the nachos last time I was here. Shouldn't nachos come with cheese sauce. My family will not eat here again.
Talk about saving money and getting great healthy produce in one shot!! The parking is always crazy and some of the produce is sometimes overstayed its welcome but more than not its a great place to go and get a ton for just a little!!
Good copy of the real Koi in Hwood.
Chicken Wings!! We were really craving chicken wings and nowhere downtown came up when you search for chicken wings so I really wanted to mention them in the comment in case anyone ever wants chicken wings downtown.
Great place. love the atmosphere. Can't work out much due to my disability ( 2 failed back surgeries after being in a 75 MPH T-Bone car wreck in Aspen CO, 4 days after my 21st birthday
Josh Bleeker is as legit as can be!  Meek Bleek is an amazing system with all kinds of innovative and exciting options.  I would highly recommend anyone who is serious about reaching and exceeding their personal fitness and health goals!
If you're in a hurry, stay away.  This is not a good place for a fast lunch.  Ive given this location numerous chances.  It takes them over a hour to serve a salad(lettuce)On a plus side,  a great place for sports events and drinks.
My favorite bar! Cheap drinks, country music and hip hop, and dancing the night away. Wednesdays are ridiculously fun for the younger crowd and early Friday and Saturdays are best for two stepping\n.
Above average breakfast/brunch buffet, but then it would be for $36 per person.
Yeah, not so much. But the balloon animals were fun.
Sara is amazing! She super nice and know exactly what she's doing and she even filled my eyebrows in for me!
The greeting into the place was nice. Until the waitress was rude. She immediately asked do you want to pay now. We came to relax for a minute. Felt completely rushed to leave while we are head to smoke hookah and willing to pay the price for multiple refills.
Good quesadilla, the burrito enchilada style was okay but served on too small of a plate and it wasn't very warm. Friendly people, decent environment.
Manuel's used to be awesome.  Definitely would have been a four star Mexican restaurant.  However, something changed.  Ownership, menu, service.  It's bordering Garcia's territory, except the albondigas and the ribeye steak with norteno sauce are still pretty good.
Took over an hour and 20 minutes to get wings on a Sunday night. Place wasn't busy at all. Server apologized a few times and seemed like there may have been other issues, people not showing up for their shifts, bad scheduling, etc. Place not good enough to go back and try it all over again.
Just spent 40 mins waiting after being told the wait was 20. They were taking other walk ins who I suppose hap appointments but who knows. This place needs adult supervision...won't be back.
Gelato 64!.... Wow.\n\nA delicious treat... better than yogurt..\n\nTheir homemade Blackberry Merlot is a showstopper!
Lousy Mexican. It's a downtown place designed to impress the Anglo crowd. Should be on the west island. You might as well go to taco bell and sneak in a corona. You'll ave the same culinary experience.
Very pleasant and good service.  The restaurant was clean and bright.  I  have not been to Culvers in years.  It was a good experience.  The food could have been slightly better.  The burger patties are thin.  Cheese curds were good but expensive.  I would go here again even if it was just for a root beer shake.
The food here was okay and the prices are reasonable, but one thing I would say is that front line need while serving food need to be keep a lot cleaner than it is now. To many places at the front counter there cross contamination with the food.  With some focus and people who care this place can be great.
Hands down my favorite dive bar in all of Phoenix! Cheap prices, great service, awesome music. They know how to pour drinks and have a good time!
This is some of the best pizza in las vegas. Trust me because I have had pizza from all over las vegas and this stuff is really good. The price is great and there is no taz because the food is not cooked. $8 means $8!
It was so-so I would rather go to yogurtland.  Some of the flavors tasted horrible. The cheesecake tasted like old blue cheese I almost got sick!!!
Killer burgers! Not cheap, but the best fast food burger around, I prefer it to In n Out. Real ice cream milkshakes as well, that are excellent. They have added an outdoor patio/bar  for the strip location- now its even better!
Kind of pricey for the food but it's not a bad place to go.  I got the love and I thought it was decent.
Cheese burger and a soda...$10 bucks...YIKES!!!\n\nCheese burger was meh at best.  Wildly over priced and not worth the cost.\n\nThey have one of those soda machines with a gazillion choices.  That was ok.
Whomever charges $7 for a bottle of water should be beat.\n\nWhomever pays for it should too... which is me!\n\nI can't believe my bill was $13 for a cup of coffee and a water. Even for Vegas that's insane.
I love this hotel because the place is spacious and it gives an elegant vibe. The smell isnt like any typical hotel with smoke and old people gambling. This place is bright and luxurious and clean. The store had incredible Trump clothing and expensive wines. I liked how it was simple and not to confusing to pass through.
My favorite Sunday spot.  I have never had a bad experience with the service or food.  I would recommend a skillet or the sundance omlette (yuMmm!)
I don't know about this place, the place was dead on a Friday night and the sushi was extremely bad.  The only reason why I gave it 2 stars is because of the staff.
Good bagels and great variety of bagels and cream cheese. Sandwiches are good and plentiful. Always busy. :)
Gel manicure lasted 6 days before cracking and peeling. They are con artists with the up charges without telling you.
All I can say is this was one of the best steaks I have had in a long time.  Service was good as well.  The restaurant is not huge which is nice sometimes.  I read a few of the reviews and wasn't sure what to expect, but I came away wanting to go back!
Great new location.  Bar in the center.  Place looks great!  Had to have the chips and salsa that are so tasty.  Had chicken tacos that come with spicy cabbage slaw and slice avocado. Yum.  Another success story from Big Burrito Group.
What the hell... Drove there today and they were closed?!?! The sign over the restaurant was taken down... So confused and sad, this was my spot!!!! I hope it's just temporary for construction. Anyone have any insight?
Ok food. Not a great happy hour. No one is here for dinner. Cool if you are a huge jimmy fan not so cool otherwise. Not a must visit. If are bored check it out.
We stopped in late on a Sunday night.  Poor service.  Had to ask for menus.  After we ordered and received our over cooked pepperoni pizza and overcooked wings, even had to ask for tableware!  Beer was good.
The prices are high, naturally. The cut I got was horrible. It looked like a blind person took a hedge trimmers to my head. The stylist was nice, but not skilled for the prices charged.
The fruit is horrible there but all the rest isn't the best but it's better. The only thing I like is the squash.
Old school restaurant selling steak and eggs s day long. It was but for me but the group I was with enjoyed there meal.
Close to Tivoli village, which has more shopping.. This centre is mainly weekend stores. Not all the workers are friendly and helpful. Good eats tho.
This is the first place I hit up when I come out to the Valley. I still haven't tried anything different on the menu besides the 3 rolled tacos and cheese quesedilla... One day i will, but those quesedilla's are just so delicious!
Staff at this location don't seem to be friendly at all.  Been to this location few times and stopped going.  They just seem cold heartless robots so we stopped going to this location.
After many more visits, I can say THIS is the best Yogi's. Consistently great service and fresh food. You see the same people working the counter and kitchen all the time and they've got their act together!
Incompetent and greedy, it's unbelievable how a store can be so disrespectful to their customers.  Buy/sell any equipment you want or don't anymore online or in person, it'll save you the time and money
Every time I go here I regret it because the vegetables are such awful quality. They're always limp and look like they've been sitting out for a few days!
We went there with high hopes & but got disappointment.\nMany of the items had just rice with charred vegetables without any spice. Even meat items had no taste. We felt it too costly for the quality we got.\nDesserts were okay.
This place is a lot of fun even if you are not a Kiss fan. Play minature golf indoors where the black lights make eveything glow. Play a variety of arcade games and browse the gift shop. Fun for the whole family.
Had some tacos on taco Tuesday yesterday and immediately got an upset stomach.  Woke up this morning and was in the bathroom more than once.  Don't think I'll be going back here unless I want to have the same brown issue.
Food was ok. Fries seemed like they were done already when we got them. Ostrich burgers were excellent though. Bar Tender at the time was somewhat condescending. Draft Beer was kinda warm. Sam the waitress was nice.
I had lunch here for my b day. Overall it was good and I will be back.
Henry was very helpful and friendly. I highly recommend using Lawtruck.com for anyone who needs a lawyer. Highly satisfied with services!
Came home from vacation with tiles falling off our roof...called and Danny had his brother there pronto.  Repair was minor and price was extremely fair.  So glad to know to look on Yelp to check out reviews and get the best.\n\nThanks!
Very inexpensive fashionable clothes. They carry everything from shorts, jeans, tops, skirts, coats, and dresses. There is a large variety of clothes and styles. Won't hurt your budget.
I love this place! The number one reason to eat here is the food, it is authentic and delicious.
I love Roberto's when I am drunk. I hope all of you get to experience awesome tasting cheap mexican food at 4 am after a night of partying cause it's amazing. I recommend anything with \"carne asada\" in front of it!
The owner Brian is so moody.  Once they came out I called with a minor complaint and he immediately said that no one ever complains and he was going to fire the crew.  That's not cool.  After that I never felt comfortable with his style and I stopped using them after a few months as we just didnt vibe.
Spent time at the place not the rooms. Excellent salsa band and salsa event. The overall layout and game tables where nice. Good amount of parking and friendly staff
I was in Scottsdale for a few days.  After a few days of salads and sandwiches I was craving for a hot bowl of noodles.  Pho Thanh satisfied my desire.  The food was decent but they come in much smaller portions than I'm used to seeing.  Overall,  I enjoyed it.
Had a business dinner here with a number of clients. Service was good; food was bad.\n\nSteak was tough at medium (as recommended by the chef). Desert was pretty bland. Everything in between was mediocre.
The staff is very friendly. The speed service was adequate, considering it was pretty busy when I was there. The food was fresh and hot which can be hard to come by with fast food.
The pizza is awesome. The service is fair and friendly. The food came out fast every though it was busy. Atmosphere was relaxed and chill. This location was busy but staff worked together well and was attentive.
YUM! This place is good. Fried pickles, Rotisserie Chicken, cole slaw!\nI did not try the fried chicken and waffles but saw many having it and smiling so it must have been good. Recommend!
Came here twice during a bachelor party weekend in Montreal.  The shawarma beef pita is what i got (twice) and it was very different.  Basically a bunch of different meats stuffed into a hummus pasted pita with veggies.  Super fresh and delicious.  I kinda miss it now...
Great food, small portions, bad service.
Overpriced.  Pretty good selection of rolls, but if you prefer nigiri sushi you can do much better.  Very nice modern decoration and ambiance.  The service is good.  The place is very clean.
service was very slow and it wasn't that busy. I had an omelette it was ok but the single piece of toast was dry and over toasted, my friend had pancakes and loved them.\nGroupon made it better
Perhaps the worst so-called Italian food I have ever eaten.
We must have had invisible paint on!  After the hostess sat us 3-5 waitresses went by and did not even look our way, say Hi or anything!  We left & no one saw us leave!
Food is delicious. I had the Vegenini, it is like a vegetarian pizza. I loved it. The potato fries are also delicious. Customer service is always friendly.
This place was such a wonderful experience.  My husband and I went here on Cinco de Mayo.  The ambiance is amazing, the food is yummy (but spicy), and the chips and salsa are AMAZING.  You won't regret going here!!
Place didn't make it - bummer.
I love the menu at Phipps. Everything is freshly grown and the ingredients open your eyes to some new foods. Last time I went, I had a vegan rueben. I am not vegan but love a good rueben. To my surprise it was quite tasty. Great place!
Be prepared to pack snacks and possibly a pillow. My pregnant wife who is in prelabor and I have been sitting for over an hour and 45 min. Our appointment was 11:30 and its now 1:16. Wtf.
Don't believe the hype people. Los Angeles has way better Thai Food.  The food isn't bad just way over hyped.  Also the worse service ever.  Waited over 40 minutes on two separate occasions for our orders when they told us it'd be 20 minutes.
I love it!\n\nThe end!
Very cool place.  Nice selection of used, retro items.  Books, videos and video games.  Nice help.  Prices are OK, but you need to be knowledgeable to get a good deal.
J'y vais pour les pasteis de natas (tartelettes aux oeufs) et pour le pastel de feijao (tartelette aux f\u00e8ves)
The only thing great about this establishment was the bread and olive tapenade you're served when first seated.  We had to return our lobster mac & cheese because the chef had burnt the cream and the free ranged roasted chicken I ordered was bland and dry.  Won't be going back.
Went to lunch and got the Portbello mushroom. Very filling item and tasty as well. Service was great. The food came out in no time!
I have found additional merchandise that the other Costco's in the area do not carry. So, I try to check them out for speciality items.
I enjoy going here for lunch.  I appreciate the simple lunch menu and the quick service.  I've been to the University location many times for dinner as well and the quality is consistent and the food is delicious.
I rent from enterprise all the time. I just wasn't feeling the customer service love so I split & hit another enterprise.
Good food & friendly staff! A smallish place with a lot of choices besides soup which is nice. Good for business travelers as they take American Express and you won't feel weird eating alone here. Both dishes I ordered were good and arrived quickly, I would go back when in the area.
Awesome place! Felt like we were back home. \n\nVery friendly staff and great prices. Pool tables, darts, pinball machines along with a great pizza place inside it.\n\nWill be back soon!
Hands down, the least expensive nail salon in the Ballantyne area. The staff is excellent and efficient, and the services are great. I would recommend this spot to anyone in the area!
Love this place for breakfast.  Always get a seat outside overlooking the Wynn pool.  My favourite is the fried chicken and waffles!!
Great Service. Great Food. I didn't feel it is a must-have, but it was delish.
Great laid-back place.  Music is pretty loud. Taps are great and ever-changing.  Awesome people watching. Excited to go back and try the pizza and pretzels.
Imagine, a brewpub without its own brews! How quaint! How.....stupid. We laughed this one up as yet another Las Vegas scam, however unintentional.   No reason to go here.  Not one.
The food is good and fast.  This is a very busy lunch spot downtown.  However they always run out of salsa and that should never happen at a place like this.
I had a similar experience as most other reviewers.  I bought a Groupon, made an appointment, had to reschedule my appointment and never got a call back.  The professionalism is severely lacking.  Groupon was very accommodating when I made my complaint against this business.
The selection for the dinner buffet was pretty small and the food was just average. The servers were friendly and the all you can drink beer and wine was nice too. For a 30 dollar dinner buffet, the bayside buffet is just average.
Everyone here is cooler than a polar bears toe nails. Everyone very helpful and the old man there knows everything about everything.
Clean, quick to get through security.  Be warned - depending on when you arrive, the taxi lines could be massively long and take about 45 minutes to one hour wait to get a taxi...
A wonderful restaurant experience, a super friendly staff in a beautiful industrial decor.  The open kitchen gives the whole place a special touch.\n\nBut above all a stunning food, there are always new items on the menu that keep surprising us. A must try in Montreal!
Place was dirty and did not serve vegetarians. They guy said over the phone they did. Otherwise nice people.
This is one of the best pizza places in Charlotte. Why Not never disappoints. Not only is their pizza good, but their sandwiches are amazing too.
Just an update to my previous review.  Here's a suggestion to the management:  Why are you charging someone twice for utilities when they move out?  When someone gives their sixty day notice just combine the charges for those final two months in just one bill instead of two separate billing statements.
If you like Hawaiian food this is one of the best places in town.  Large portions, great price, Fridays they have specials - Lau Lau!!!!  \nThe Spicy Korean is another must try - dont forget the punch.
Eh, i'd pass if you only had a couple of days in Montreal. \nIt was Very small (1 floor of exhibits) and although only $12, i didn't think it was worth it. \nWe covered the entire museum in 40 mins...and we were taking our own sweet time
This location on Horizon is amazing! Always clean, great service, food is great!\nAlso the masa for their tamales is spot on, which is very hard to find.
Overprice on everything. Try double tapping and you'll see how fast they come to you. A place for tourist.
this place is sooooo smoky! i almost had to cancel my stay after arriving here lol
Ive enjoyed multiple items here and the service is always great and friendly. I recommend ordering Adobado Nachos with no beans. Reading other reviews about it being over priced, I feel they are not ordering the correct items to get the most out of a meal.
I made appointment prior to coming here but still waited for an hour. The place is nice but looks can be deceiving because of the bad service they provided me. Please don't waste your time coming here totally not worth the wait!!!
So mad when I got home to find out I paid 14 dollars for a box filled with dried batter, and missing cole slaw. If you like that stuff, then this is the place for you. Incompetent workers...
Great great food!\nWe shared the Margarita pizza.\n\nTwo orders were outstanding: The Jasmine green tea and the warm cocolate bread pudding. YUM!
Basic KFC with a basic drive thru. Service was standard and food was standard as well. Nothing particularly notable about this location and I have no problem stopping by when I'm in the neighborhood next time I'm in the mood for a quick bite.
CLOSED. This restaurant appears to be closed. Stopped my Saturday, Sept. 6 2014 at 8pm and doors were locked and the place was closed. Calling their number yields a phone has been disconnected & no longer in service. RIP Satori.
Really not that good. Strong doesn't equal Perfect (Margarita).  Jambalaya okay, not great.  Wait staff going through motions.  Spend your Vegas dollars elsewhere .
This place has a great atmosphere and when you sit outside you have a nice view of the strip. The food isnt anything spectacular and the service was lacking. I probably wouldnt return but I am glad i checked the place out.
Been here a few times, love this place because everything is so healthy and natural, their freshly squeezed kale juice is amazing, and really love their quinoa salad, this place is a bit too loud and pricy but quality is really good, oh and their fish tacos are really good too!
Nasty overpriced food, slow service...enough said.\n\nOnly thing it has going for it was that it's the only place open 24 hrs at the Aria.
Everything I get her is amazing and it is cheap!  Go for the California burrito, super steak nachos, carne asada taco and al pastor taco.  Everything is good though.  Just get it all.
We travel to Mexico a lot.  Just got back from the tip of Baja.  These tacos taste like Baja tacos.  Great stuff!  Very clean and staff is nice.  Went 2 nights in a row.
Wow, very impressed with not only the service but the food is excellent! Came out hot shrimp was not over cooked, just right.
If I could put zero stars I would. The food is horrible and the staff is so slow and unfriendly. If this place is family owned, a family who can't cook should not go into business. From the fake cheese to the canned meat, this place is just plain gross!!!
Not a bad place - good service and decent food.\nBut if you are going to spend $50 on a meal before drinks then you can and should go somewhere better.  \nThe atmosphere is quiet and relaxed but also a bit tired and depressing.
Sushi here is nothing special with a couple rolls being pretty bad. Spicy tuna not very good and fish being ok in freshness. 3 stars is for the excellent service though, very attentive and speedy waitresses.
(yawn) Boring. It's getting old. The place is nice, but the patio is crowded and small and it's always packed, but really not the spot anymore. We got in free and the music here is always banging, but moving along...
After my second visit to Cathay House for Dim Sum, I'm giving them another star.  The food is excellent, the service is speedy and the prices are very reasonable.
Great service got there when they opened and hardly anyone was there. Our server mike was really nice. Tried the margarita chicken and  I loved it. Tequila lime sauce was to die for. And the quesadillia was huuuuuge! Its a little pricey but hello your in scottsdale!
Small, overcrowded gym. Good luck using a bench or the single squat rack. Extremely rude staff. I moved to another state and they wouldn't let me cancel over the phone. Avoid this hole in the wall at all costs.
the food was good the prices and portion size was lacking immensely. we had a $50 dollar bill and left still hungry. If you need a snack before a meal at one of the other restaurants go here. there steamed buns were handmade and good.
Delicious food, in this brand new Sushi place. The service is also very good. If you prefer something more quite and intimate, this is the right sushi place for you. :)
got very sick from the food, it was awful, especially the dip, they had cooked it with something and it made me very sick.
Dry microwaved chicken. Bad service. Not impressed
Just ordered a Super Burrito with Chili verde, all I can say is it was bland beyond belief. It was the messiest thing I have ever eaten, full of watered down pico and guacamole. Will not be going there again.
Great vegetarian restaurant. The menu is great and diverse, and is located very close to McGill. I really enjoyed eating here; however it is very popular and is often crowded. On the plus side, you can make reservations.
food: got the worst food poisoning after eating at sushi roku in vegas.  worst.\n\nservice: bad\n\nfinal thoughts: awful
This place is closed I guess as the phone number does not work.  \nThis is the 2nd time I have had a Groupon not work because the business went under.  Never again, Groupon a@@holes!
No it's not planned correctly. Layout, restaurants, stores, design, water fountain, all wrong,\nJust look at The Grove LA ..You will see how inviting it is but not the Linq..\nNeed to redo, why didn't you make it just like the Grove?
You know how the commercial says \"Open Til Midnight Or Later\" and then there's a little asterisk and nearly illegible text at the bottom of the screen in 1pt font that says \"Participating locations only\"\n\nThis is not a participating location.  :(
Pumi's ok. The greeter was cool. I think he was the chef. I didn't like the dark ambiance. Service was not that great. Was a lil slow than usual. Food portion was not as gd as Sushi Bay. I prefer Sushi Bay.
They won't deliver if you're more than 5 minutes away. Bad customer service. I don't recommend this location.
This is the third time at Dessys. The service staff is kind, attentive. The steaks are so good I don't have to add A1. The salad bar is fresh and clean. I will suggest this place for anyone that wants to enjoy a good meal for a great price. Dig the Native decor too ;)
Ugh, this cab service is awful. The cabs in Pittsburgh know you need them and dont care about you. On multiple occasions i have called for a cab and it hasn't even shown up and when they do they are usually late. \n\nPlease god, deliver us Uber.
Eh, pass.\n\nEven the boobage wasn't enough to save this Cirque show from being a complete bore.
Crappiest Hilton I've stayed in. Avoid at all costs, especially if you can expense your stay for work.
I went in to pump gas and get my car washed,  I asked for military discount and they only have military discount on Mondays, cause the military only serves on Mondays   smh
Magnifique! Riding around town on a scooter is the way to go! Such a fun way to explore a new city!
Yummy homemade ice cream! Pricey but worth it. PLEASE NOTE: New location as of mid-November - next to McDonald's
L&L - Hawaiian Fastfood chain restaurant - average check ~$11. Food is average, service is average. Doing a review about this is like doing a review about McDonald lol. 3/5 stars, my fav place to eat once in a while.
We called ahead for a reservation for 7 and when we arrived we were able to get seated right away which was great. The staff was friendly our only complaint would be that the food took FOREVER to come out so we went through a few bowls of chips while waiting.
Had played golf a few times there over the past 20 years and I was suprised at how nice the course looked.
Oh Naan. How I love thee.
An update, ordered again on a weekday in the afternoon and everything went very smooth, food was ready and delicious, everyone loved it. This will be a weekday favorite for me,
The food is good and so is the service. But, the menu is limited. But, they managed to squeeze in a few interesting items on the small menu. Why only three stars then? I expect much better from Westin.
The quality and cuts of their fish is declining since they open couple years ago. Do a taste test before buying.
The service here is extraordinary - over the top. I stay here regularly. They really make an effort to satisfy guests.
Staff was super friendly.  I heard they remodeled it.  Very clean room.  Nothing fancy but you get what you pay for.  Better than some high end hotels I have stayed at.
This place is expensive but was so worth it. Food is good service also very good. Clean n friendly staffs. If u don't have a player card u have a long wait so get there before 5:30 pm then u don't gave to wait. \nFood they have a lots of varieties n the desert was amazing.
This place is fantastic! Old Vegas lives on. Food is incredible!
Have been here a few times, great place with really nice decor. The sushi we've had has always been fresh and well done. Great names for the rolls too. One side note, we have used this place twice to cater large parties with take out and they really do a nice job.
I have found a hidden spot for terh BEEEESSSST ever pizza downtown inside the Plaza Hotel is Pop Up Pizza.... I highly recommend this place.....
I decided to give this place a try, but I will not be going back. It was clean and the employees were nice, but my tech did a terrible job on my cuticles on both my mani and my pedi. Worst ever.
Very friendly staff... However, the food was soooo bland, there was no flavor whatsoever! Even my kids commented on how flavorless the food was! Because this place had such a high rating, I wanted to give it a try... Wow, I'm beginning to doubt YELP!
The best in Vegas! A buffet that in the evening has snow crab legs, dungeness, sushi, salad, dessert and a mongolian style grill service. They have a separate bar area and this place is always packed
Stopped in on a whim and boy was I surprised. The sandwich was basic but tasty and has fresh tasting ingredients with great bread and the clam chowder was perfect and came with a generous piece of sourdough for dipping. Large sandwich, soup and a soda for just over $10 is a deal I will take advantage of again.
Jade has now changed its name to ZINE!\nsame place, same menu, great service.
Worst food I've ever been served. Anyone writing a good review most be a relative.\nBrisket, salmon, and chick fry steak all VERY poor quality. Total waste of money. Was there 3/14/12.
The rooms are clean, lots of room and pretty cheap for what you get. It's a timeshare hotel so rooms come with full kitchen which is nice late at night when craving a pizza. Major downfall though the hotel is so confusing to get around, bring a map and a compass to get around!
Excellent version of NYC Pizza. The white cheese is excellent with chicken. Would recommend this place if you like thin crush pizza and a pizza that doesn't make you stuffed after eating. Staff was nice and friendly. Would definitely go back.  Great place to grab late night pizza craving.
the four stars are for their hummus, olive bar, and AMAZING peanut butter covered pretzels. i still prefer fresh and easy or whole foods..
My feet get tired from walking thru all the shopping here, but it's really cool shopping under an eternal bright blue sky.
Was on this side of town and I needed a cut. The barber (Mike) did an awesome job. Asked for clarification if anything was vague. Awesome price. I would come here again if I'm on the west side.
Food and service were okay. Among the dishes I ate were sweet & sour soup and tofu with baby bok choy.\n\nThe decor seemed fancy. I liked the jellyfish lights near the entrance and the wood-covered menus.
Donna was our server today and she was AMAZING!!!\nOrth the wait for sure. \n\nShe remembered everything we ordered without writing it down. Impressive. \nXoxo
Awesome place!!
Had two pairs of jeans tailored. Great turn around time, great pricing, quality work was okay.
Great selection of food. All you can eat has a great selection of delicious rolls and other type of dishes you can order from. Courteous  servers it was a great place to eat sushi
Best burger in town by far.  I am a gourmet food salesman and these guys do not buy from me so it pains me to admit it, but the burger is second to none.  Believe it.  I had the kobe burger, out of this world.
$32 dollars for a pizza with no sauce in the middle. Need I say more. Too bad, I wish this place was better since I can walk there from my home. Huge miss for Rosatis in DC Ranch.
Horrible atmosphere, horrible service. Our group of about 12 have given this place a shot several times as it is close to our neighborhood!!!  Forget it!!!  We will cab it and go to another establishment further away with much more to offer!!!   Stay away from this dive , don't waste your money here!!!
I've been here about five times since I moved to Gilbert. The food is excellent and consistent, especially the brisket. The staff is very friendly and knowledgable. \n\nGive this place a try.
Before buying the yearly membership make sure you follow up on it.  we have been waiting for over a month for our family membership cards and called again today and said its going to take another 2 more weeks. whoever is processing this paperwork is slacking big time...
I brought my car in because the tires had uneven wear. They did an alignment without telling me. Andrew(mechanic) made lots of excuses for why the steering still pulls to 1side. The steering wheel is crooked.Andrew messed up alignment and didn't center the steering wheel. DISHONEST SHOP!
I got the Chinese eggplant with tofu. Atmosphere is nice enough. Price is great and food is good american-chinese. Solid four stars.
I love this place.  I love the outdoors, perfect location, seems to be eventful and fun. Always a place to go when there is no place to go.\n\nClean, and bright. Modern... I sometimes like to just hang on the couches outside and people watch. It can be fun.
Who doesn't love the Bungalow?  They make my food to order...and I change everything.  Sometimes the cook even delivers with a personal message...lemme know how you like that, etc.\n\nIt's great for happy hour but my only gripe is parking is limited.
This place is awesome. Really great food ad they cater to customers like me with dietary restrictions. I will definitely be back :-)
Friendly Staff, Clean, Typical Mediterranean food. Location is good. Halal
Can't say enough how awesome Jerry is!! He is totally helpful, affordable, and really great guy. One of those people you are grateful for finding!
I was in and out fast thanks to Fran. She made sure the fragile item was packed appropriately. \n\nThe store was clean and conveniently located off of Bell Rd.
I've only eaten here once so far, but I had a good salad at a fair price, and I didn't need to wait long for it. The restaurant is beautifully decorated with Pittsburgh-themed photos, maps, and objects. I haven't made it back here yet, but I plan to sometime in the future.
The restaurants that Food Fight offers are all subpar, with one exception of Johnny Delmonicos. Aside from the Johnny D's the others all serve incredibly bad food. I tried El Dorado's once and it was terrible, on top of things they charge so much for a margerita served in a tiny glass its ridiculous.
Cool hip spot off strip. Strong drinks amazing mini hotdog bites in bean dip. Deslish. Waitresses there are fun and friendly. I had a blast 2 nights there!  Downside was the beer selection. If they had better craft beers it would have been a 5 star
Best pizza and food around true mom and pop pizzeria. Very good can not say enough how good it really is.
I love their cosmopolitan and red velvet cupcakes. My only qualm is the hours. I wish they were open longer and 7 days. You have to visit before noon on a saturday. Not an easy task but worth the effort.
Don't see what all the fuss is about...can't really say much about Primanti's except that when it comes to sloppy drunk food, I've had better.
Not a huge fan of the whole City Center development.  Kinda big and cold.  You can get great rates at Aria as a result.
Great price and very nice for a quick bite! Chips, salsa, quesadillas, and burritos are delicious. Small atmosphere but clean.
I got a BBQ chicken sandwich and all the bones came complementary! SICK!  I almost broke my teeth when I bit into it.  The service was even worse, the manager (I think) stood in the way of me ordering while he was talking on the phone about football for about 10 min.GROSS!
I have had sushi in Chicago, Seattle and San Francisco. The sushi here is just as delicious and beautifuly prepared. Every employee in the restuarant is polite and nice, Everything is clean.
Great food, great service. The atmosphere is genuine, not a corporate sports bar. The bartenders are entertaining and good at what they do.  Have tried multiple things on the menu and have been more than satisfied. I love supporting local businesses
Been there twice, the place is close enough to walk to, but their attitude is enough to motivate me to drive some where else.
My mom drove me all the way over there yesterday and it wasn't there.  We should have checked Yelp first.  I looked on their website and it looks like there aren't any in Arizona anymore. My mom was very disappointed.
Horrible hospital, very impersonal! The doctor only cares about money and is rude! I would never ever recommend this place to anyone! If you don't like your job, get another one! Some of us actually care about our pets and want them to live happily and healthy!
Great flavor
Wow this place is freaking awesome!  Good time for kids and I even had a good time here!
The 7th level of hell.\n\nNoisy, insane, crowded, and always long lines.
I stopped going here and went back to Ray's. They are too vulgar and don't consider or respect women and  children. The last time I went they were listening to an uncensored Mike Jones CD. Pretty bad lyrics to have playing in a business. The guys are cool, but need some maturity and consideration for customers.
Food was ok, small amounts of meat mostly rice and half cooked veggies. Horrible service.
Great opening!!!!\nFrom Winning Pig to this... Amazeballs!!! \n\nLove the Welcoming ambiance, just as their original Winning Pig!!!
I take that all back. The food was terrible this last time I went. It seems as if they raise the prices and lowered the quality. I remember when you would have to wait in line to get in here on a Saturday morning and this time half the place was empty. Tsk, tsk.
We had these guys change out a cheap builder kitchen faucet for us.  There were on time and answered all of our questions.  The faucet was installed quickly and efficiently. It also works perfectly.  We will be using this company for all of our plumbing needs.  Now to save up for that tankless water heater.
RUDE People / Typical Vegas Night Club - only want you there if have money to blow!!! Don't waste your money!!! Border-line Biggets ..... beware. I don't recommend this place unless you are a wealthy white person!!!
Stumbled upon this shop doing the Yarn Crawl 2014.  This is a fantastic yarn shop with great prices!  All of their employees were super nice, helpful and friendly!  It is a little challenging to find the store, but worth checking out!
Tap water !?! :/   try filtering u r food and ice tea will b much better!...farm fish..is Disgusting. ..
Mediocre...
I've never had a hard time at a sonic before, except for this location. They barely speak English, they don't know their own menu, and they messed up my order 2 times. Come on, your job can not be that confusing...
This is about as simple and plain as you can get. The food is on a basic cafeteria level and is not very good. The service was fine. The prices are airport prices. There is nothing particularly bad, but also nothing very good either.
I never imagined that I would love Mexican food! The place is clean and simple... But what is great is the food! My favorite is Carne Asada Torta. Thanks!
If you're into goth music, this club is for you. Now that they have different owners, the drinks are cheaper and made well.
Food was okay, but service was horrible. Appetizer plates were never cleared, entrees arrived but we didn't have any silverware and had to take them from the table next to is, water was never refilled, server gave us our check before we even got our dessert. Don't think I will ever come back
The SB&B comes to Concord, nothing could be better.  the food is great but the portions could be bigger. It was a lot of fun. Check it out.
Came in for lunch. Had excellent two-for-one drinks. Had barbecue chicken pizza and calamari and blackened tilapia. Everything tasted fantastic and the service was really good and fast. And the prices are great as well.
Excellent food and service. We celebrated a friends birthday. The truffle fries and chicken sandwich were excellent. Staff was attentive and prompt.
Bun bo hue (spicy beef noodle) was delicious and so was the appetizer canh ga chien nuoc mam (fried chicken wings with fish sauce) - it tastes better than it sounds lol\n\nThe service was horrible though...
Had outstanding Service. Have never had such a great haircut. Never had anyone give me such great service. Can't wait to come get my color next week. Just the nicest guy. Rodney Gentry surpassed all my expectations.
WOW! The eggpplant pizza here is AMAZING! I usually get the pepperoni but after I tried the eggplant, WOW! I felt like I was in heaven eating it.
I've noticed in the mega casinos on the strip a lack of EXIT signs whether by design or bribes to the fire officials it creates a very possibly disastrous situation if case of earthquake, terror, or fire in the inability to safely exit the casino.
Simply the best ramen in Scotland, chasu ramen all the way.
This place is horrible. The food was bad the eggs were not good! They weren't even made correctly the environment was very very bad .. Never coming here again! Don't come! I do not recommend it!!!
Refried beans are awesome - best in the Valley!  Their hot sauce is terrific, but my husband wasn't a huge fan of the regular salsa.  The front entrance could definitely use some brightening up a bit, but don't let that deter you!  Give this place a shot!
Food and service was pretty good. The margaritas were a very good deal, but on the weak side. I will go there again!
Great ambience.  Good beer, very chill.  Open for many groups.  Boots = good times.\n\nWhat happened to the polka band on thursdays??? they were the best!
My husband and I tried this place right before we left Vegas. All I can say is YUM O!\nDefinitely will return to eat here.
I love this place! Bad for my cholesterol but who gives a damn! The proprietors are very cool, great ambience in \"the hood.\" It puts the soul in soul food; can't wait to hang out there again soon as my Lipitor digests; just cool as it gets in Phoenix
The worst hotel ever\n Worst service in the world
The decor is lovely, the service was attentive and friendly, and the food was amazing! Can't wait to go back! I don't think there's anything bad on the menu. The brussels sprouts are delicious, as well as the ribs.  Cannot wait to go back soon.
I had the worst service at Harpers tonight. Service was lousy and indicative of how the service and food selections continue to slip.  I dine here frequently and tonight was a real DISAPPOINTMENT!
Good price, good place! \nVery easy to find what you are looking for and they have something for every budget so its great.\nThe only down side would be the location.\nVery hard to find parking during the day.
I always come to this place when I'm in Vegas but it's just so expensive.  I could never bring myself to buy anything.
Lucky's the bartender's name!!
I rarely write negative reviews, but I make an exception for Social House. I live here in Las Vegas where good sushi is abundant and reasonably priced and fun. Social House has none of these merits. The sushi is mediocre, at best, over priced and the service is somewhere between poor and abominable.
Great spot for coffee or tea..excellent service and ambience...I have been here several times to meet with clients for a quick bite and a wake me up
I've never been up top... but the tower itself is a pretty cool monument in Vegas.. I'd love to go up one day and enjoy the view.
This place is AWESOME.  Best egg salad sandwich I have ever eaten.
Finally knocked that off the bucket list. Had one of the greatest experiences in Vegas. I ran the dozer but will be back some day for the excavator. Can't wait.
It is what it is. I had a larger party and they provided good solid service. The food was also good and solid. No complaints but no wows either. Again, it is what it is.
This is the second time I've been to this restaurant and both times the service was extremely slow. I will not be coming back here again.
Very very good chain family restaurant. I had their yellowfin tuna steak shanghai style and it was great. Service was excellent and the party of 5 I was with swore they could eat there every week as the menu was extremely diverse. It's hard for me to give a chain 5/5 but this is pretty close.
these pigs in corporate office  set the price of 69.99 for a box of 550 round federal .22lr ammo which is $23 dollars at walmart. you pigs take advantage of the market place i pray to god your stores go out of business!
This location is exactly the same as the store on Sahara and Nellis. Dirty, unorganized and poorly managed store.
It took over half hour to get a salad and a sandwich order. With kids wanting their sticky bun orders it was not a relaxing night out.
The manager was SOO friendly and the food was great! Definitely plan to go back! The place was clean, fun and inviting and they really take care of their customers!
Been coming here for years and it never fails to be exactly what the Dr ordered.  Eating calamari with beverages at the bar just before sunset on a beautiful late spring evening.
The pesto was lacking flavor. I was really hoping they would live up to their name, but highly disappointed. Their pasta was good though as well as their pie.
Lovely atmosphere, really felt transported to the continent, with very personal service. Great, homey food; whatever you take is delicious.
Really?! $3 for a day old cupcake?  No thanks- you are better off with a Zinger (the sophisticated Twinkie)!
Total loss, the bread was like wonder bread, the pasta was good but the sauce lacked any flavor and the price for the portion was minuscule. You shouldn't go away hungry from a 23 dollar Italian entree.
You can tell the owners put a lot of thought on their food, and presentation. I loved the wall decors!
Great service! Welcomed right when we walked in and the food was amazing forsure. Legendary meal, shoutout to the manager Josh. Thanks!
Went here with my attorney.  I'd call it Japanese comfort food.  Yes the menus are on the walls but they also will actually hand you a menu.  The drinks are good and I loved the ramen!  Be adventurous and try something outside your comfort zone.
Finally caught up with the truck on my last trip to town.  Super cool people & really yummy sliders (tried the Barbie & Captain's Order).
Professional caring staff dedicated to their clients happiness. Dr. Matt came highly recommended to me from several friends and I am now a believer. I am seeking anti-aging therapy and he is a known expert in the field. Also, they are VERY price concious and try to save you money at every turn.
Delish food. Our waitress , Donna was fantastic. From phoenix visiting with my boyfriend. Had a blast. I had the \"egg-italiano\".
Never disappointed when I go there. The veal parm dish is very good at a reasonable price. Their pizza is great but it always tastes better when you eat it there. Good beer selection and a good place to sit outside and enjoy a meal.
wonderful!
The bathtub in our room was full of water, hair and dirt when we arrived.  If you are looking for a clean room, this is definitely not the hotel for you.
Adorable and delicious cafe worth the walk out of the way before or after a tour of Notre Dame. We had soups and crepes. The cream of vegetable was excellent. I had the Voila crepe with turkey    Swiss and bechemel sauce. The side salad was delicious and the service perfectly tempered.
Great large chopped salad and toasted ravioli
Never again.  Long strands of hair in my roll.  Sushi is usually made with bare hands...  If something as long and obvious as hair makes it in, what else is getting in the rolls?  Nope.  Not going back.
Meh. Went here after a Suns game recently... Decent beer selection. Food was underwhelming all-around.  Even the onion rings were funky.  I will likely not be stopping in here for food in the future when there are such good options nearby.  Stop in for beers, maybe!
Not impressed... The wings are WAY to greasy and chicken strips are too dry. I've been here twice, hoping I'll feel differently the next time around but no... A selection of sauces is nice but the wing and strips are lacking. As you bite in, you taste old oil, ew.
Food here is not bad... gambling OK. Roaches in our room = BAD.\nAlso the neighbors were hump o holics and LOUD as hell.
Enjoyed the food but don't ask then to make your meal any variation off their menu.  THE ANSWER WILL BE NO
I love this salon. Tony and his staff are incredible! Love what they do with my hair!
I always stop here whenever im in Vegas, its a MUST. However, ever since they moved into their restaurant across from their old location, I feel as if the quality in the food has gone down somewhat.
excellent customer service and conveniently located.
Ambiance: there is none. Cheerful service? Nope. Why do we always end up here? Because it's always open and they have Quebec microbrew beer. No...other...reason.
I love how this place is conveniently located on the LV Strip and next door to our hotel, Mandarin Oriental!!! I'm so glad they added the express checkout stations too
Love the Rustica, with whole wheat crust!!  one of the best in the Valley.
******************* OUT OF BUSINESS! ******************* \n\nWe wanted to go recently, and it was totally gone!
expensive double shot chilled patron.  But its vegas, what to expect right.  great meeting spot for gathering friends that come off different flights before getting VEGAS WASTED!! =)
All I can remember about this place was the amazing raspberry ricotta cheesecake I shared with my sister.  And for that I will give it 3 stars.  Food was ok.  Nothing out of this world.  Service was good and restaurant is nice in appearance.
Almond brioche French toast is fantastic! Can't wait to try the whole menu. Staff is super friendly and vibrant just like the decor.
Okay so it tasted weird.  Some aftertaste that I could not get over.  I like the all fruit menu at Jamba and wish there was one closer too me.  I had hoped this would be it but it was not.  Heres to shelping over to Decatur
Not a fan on NYPD and I'm from NY - this pizza is honestly NOTHING like NYC Pizza... Sorry - I have to be honest you know!
Great service. Got food in a timely manner. Koro Koro Steak & Pork Kimchi were amazing.
Great price great burgers. Had the gold and green burger and some wings and it was great.
This was an amazing experience!  The drinks were strong, the food amazing, the service top notch!  We wish we had one close to us!  AMAZING!!!\n\nStandouts were the onion rings and coconut shrimp.
I recently moved to the area and was looking for a new mattress.  Steve was great. He asked me what I was looking for in a bed and then directed me towards a few different models to try. He knew what he was talking about and never pressured me into buying anything. He gave me a great deal! Highly recommend going to bedmart!
In dire need of renovation!
Nothing more to say but it's absolutely gorgeous here. I recommend this to everyone!
Thank you for the toenail infection! I go in right before my due date (I'm pregnant) to get my nails done. I wake up the next morning and one of my toes is red and inflamed . I have to go to the doctor now. Thanks kens !
uh.. this place sucks! everything is so salty. The MISO soup taste like SOY SAUCE. THE END!
The Pods has been closed. A Starbucks will be opening in this space soon.
A clean and modern McDonalds. Play area for the little booger makers and a TV w/ ESPN for the old farts.  Two drive-thru lines to speed up the ordering process, and I've never had any issues w/ the drive thru. All this equates to a solid three stars.
Quick and simple, we're fans for sure. Staff is always friendly service is quick!
Lovely, lovely, lovely
WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!!!!!\n\nToo expensive for what u get they have ppl that dont even know what their doing don't recomment this place to anyone.
Decent food. Nothing to write home about. I wouldn't go for dinner but lunch was ok. I hear there's a good happy hour scene. I can't remember what I ate but just remember it being blah.
I've gotten delivery from George and Son's before, but we dined in the other night and as usual, it did not disappoint.  Food was really good, as was the service. Once they got a little busy the staff seemed a little overwhelmed but still good service overall.  Great neighborhood Chinese place:  check it out!
Gotta agree fully with Mike on this one. They're pushing Obama so hard that we may as well give the presidential election to McCain. \n\nMaybe it's time to move to Canada...
Worst  experience  ever!! The hostess was rude. The waitress was rude and the manager Joe was worse!  I think Amy's Bakery has met its match! The food was as bad as the service.
Insanely expensive. Average like any good sushi bar and the palazzo in my opinion is pretty plain. \n\nIf it's sushi you seek the OSAKA sushi restaurant on Sahara will blow you away. \n\nThere's a lot better places than this one. Pass.
Best. Iced. Coffee. EVER. \n\nI'll be returning here for sure. \n\nSwoon!
This is without a doubt the best quick service restaurant I have ever seen (21 years in recruiting). Every employee is polite and helpful and demonstrates outstanding customer service. It is sparkling clean and very kid friendly. Each Tuesday is Family Night and there is a balloon artist and crafts for kids...and great healthy food
SIMPLY the BEST\nComing to Desert Ridge in Jan. 09!!!!!!!!!\nWest side of Tatum -North of 101 -in corporate officepark
Dinner was amazing. Very fun atmosphere. The staff was very attentive and took great care of us. Can't wait to go back !
These guys are great. I always bring my car here. They can be a bit on the pricey side, but they always seem to get it right, and they are budget conscious, which can be good when the repair bill starts to add up.
My favorite is the chicken katsu. Just like back home with one scoop rice and authentic mac salad. The cooks and servers are always friendly and the food only takes as long to be made to order. Great portions alway have one order for lunch and dinner.
Great food and wine!! The restaurant itself is pretty nice. The food is really good and they serve you the right size! Recomended but make sure you have your wallet full lol.. $$
Amazing! Big serves and so tasty! The meat is divine and the stuffing was simply awesome. And they had Australian Bundaberg ginger beer! Mmmm...\n\nDefinitely recommended as a cheap, tasty and quick meal next time you are in Edinburgh.
A little disappointing. The place looked swankier than the food delivered on. Definitely overpriced for the quality of the meal - I'd just hit up the Sbarro's down the hall and probably walk away happier. One of the more disappointing restaurants in the Monte Carlo
One of the South Points best keep secrets is it's men's barber shop.\nI have been going there for over 6 years.\nExcellent haircuts and shaves at reasonable prices.\nAlthough they can accommodate walk ins, I strongly recommend you make an\nappointment.
They do not allow any substitutions and are very rigid. Except when they needed to make a substitution. \n\nSandwiches, salads and soups are much smaller in size than Paradise Bakery with same price.  \n\nUnimpressed, will not return.
I'm happy I found a Korean restaurant so  close to me. Everyone is really nice and helpful when it comes to explaining the menu. I love their kimchi soup!
This made for a nice date location. The waiter was extremely attentive. The food was mainly really good especially the meat. The fried banana was not good, neither was the sushi. But I suppose it's to be expected that sushi at a buffet won't be the greatest. Overall, I'd go again.
I was shocked that a half of southwest chicken salad was $6.00. I realize at the airport you typically pay more but I found this a big rip off.  Not to mention it was not big at all. It was worth perhaps $4.00 total
The air conditioning in room 1602 didn't work, and the hotel refused to take responsibility. They simply laughed and said that we should have let them know the night before- we didn't get in until 2am- i would not stay here again. Ridiculous customer service.
Bread and mussel ... good to go!  Best marsala (chicken or veal)
Great place great service great drinks the bar tenders are awesome specially Sunday nights they have a little  bartender I believe her name is Jessi super sweet not to mention sexy... and her sidekick mikey made this place worth coming back to define really check it out
Outstanding food and service but a bit pricey. Will I eat here again...no. There are plenty of Brazilian restaurants out there with the same, if not better service and/or food quality, at a more reasonable price. Don't get me wrong, my only \"beef\" about this restaurant is the price.
Went last night with friends. . Great menu,  lots of choices. . Noisy environment, difficult at times to carry a conversation.
All around great.  Great food, great atmosphere and great location if you work in the downtown area.
I still dream of their sandwiches and teas.  It's a cute, creative sandwich place with a hippie-ish feel located close to the plateau's shops and apartments.
Such nice employees and most important the food is amazing!
Not bad.  Not great.  But not bad.   Excellent bang for your buck, especially if you're hungry.
Majerle's serves a wicked reuben: that melted swiss, sauerkraut, and thinly sliced corned beef gets you to that point where you food coma out after your lunch break and make for a very unproductive end of the workday in downtown Phoenix.  Go Warriors!!!
I don't get it. I ordered the chicken and waffles like everyone recommended but it was very tasteless and over cooked. Maybe I'll try it again. Just don't see it though. It was large enough for 2 people however. Maybe 3 since non of us cared for it.
This place was great!  Several attendants on site that were very eager to assist should you need help folding or have questions.  Several size washers and all in working order!  Ample seating, free coffee and even massage chairs should you feel so inclined.
Just ok. Expensive for a diner. Been there about 6 times and that's been awhile. If you like over priced ok diner food then stop but there are a lot better places right down the road.
We're not all whales flown in from Japan on Gulfstreams... for us, $1 blackjack! The casino is pretty ghetto and all but you get free drinks to wager pennies at a time! I like this place when you want to kill time, waste a little money and get drunk.
This place is amazing! I love the atmosphere, and the prices and Food are awesome! I will recommend to all my friends!
Disappointing.  The food was below average and the service was ok.  We were expecting a lot from this restaurant but it definitely did not deliver.  Pasta was not homemade and sauces mediocre at best.  Wine selection is very weak.  The outdoor seating is a redeeming quality.
Their Kobe burger is so flavorful  and moist and was cooked perfectly. The service was perfect. I like the decor really nice for a bar over all I had a great experience here
The bourbonzola burger is outstanding and I'm pretty sure they have a little old southern lady trapped on the kitchen because the chicken fried chicken is too notch!
Proper Scottish pub food.  Cheap, fast and easy.  The name still cracks me up.  Don't miss The Bad Ass pub down the street!
I have yet to try something that I didn't like! Best place for a relaxing meal!
AWFUL SERVICE.  There is a major communication gap.  I cannot place a to go order over the phone.  The employee does not know her own menu.  The place itself does not seem tidy and was quite unorganized.  Clear furniture is a bad idea if you do not plan on cleaning it often.
We went to Four Kegs after seeing it on DDD. Guy recommended the stromboli so thats what we ordered, it lived up to the hype. it was fresh and delicious and made from scratch. The beer was cold and our waitress was awesome..It was worth the 10 minute drive from the strip.
Went here last night, tried broccoli beef.very surprised lots of beef and great flavor.wife had fettucini, she said that was horrible.will return to try other Chinese dishes.son has Mongolian beef and that was good.
They were friendly and prompt. Some things like the bathrooms were spotless!! The inside of the cabinets had dust in them. I opened another  cabinet and there was a stain inside. For a move out clean that is pretty pricey I expected everything I asked for.
I went here with a group of friends on a night out. The steak was low quality, dry, and overcooked. Definitely way below par for what you expect to get at a high end steak house. To add insult to the low quality food, the staff was rude.
totts asian diner in the same complex kicks their ass any day of the week. i think i'm just not a pei wei person. it's like PF Chang's sister....on welfare.
I guess if you have kids this would be the place to go but we did not like it here, really neat from outside but not inside.
Updated to 3 stars simply based off the great response I got from the founder of the company in response to my yelp review.
The worst location I have seen! \n16 people standing in line, two oblivious associates with attitudes that wont answer questions or care.
Total dump.  The Venetian and The Palazzo ripped this place off which was smart.  Totally run down and needs a face lift.  They have these stupid eiffel tower drinks.  Bad idea.  They use vodka and rum from plastic gallon bottles. Welcome to your hangover.
Horrible service! We ordered drinks and after 10 minutes, a server came by and said the previous server got busy & asked us again what we wanted to drink.  Not the first time service has been less than average!
Great indulgence. it was over the top chocolate.
Better Cinnamon Sugar Donut Muffins!?  AMAZING!!!  I want some right now, that would be good. Believe It!
I went here for my birthday great food...  so so service went to the one at the \"M\" resort.
The best Mexican food in town and they deliver too
The classic Pad Thai is really good (and makes excellent leftovers), some people say it is a little sweet and it is but still really tasty.\n\nThe thai tea with milk though is super delicious, I recommend everyone try it!
This is probably my favorite Mexican restaurant in Madison. The feel of the place and the food seems very authentic. But it is also just damn good.
Great service and great location. I got my speciallized glass in five days.
Always a favorite.\n\nIf you want moist, tender salmon that melts in your mouth, then order it \"medium rare.\" It's amazingly good.
The menu has GF next to all of the gluten-free options. The options are mostly breakfast and salad but there are several choices. Potato vodka for your Bloody Mary even!!
My First time there was for lunch.  The food was fantastic. The service was sub par. Waitress disappeared for a good while. I ordered my pizza without mushrooms and it came out covered in them. The waitress who took our order delivered us the food and was clueless.
The staff was very good - prompt, smiling, and very helpful.  Beer was delicious and lived up to all the other great comments.  Food was mostly pub style with very generous portions.  That being said, it was good food.  We had a large group, so a variety of items were ordered and all were delicious.
Food is made to look fancy, its more like fancy McDonalds. The waitress staff is all attractive only reason I gave it 2 starts. They are also open really late and its primary the only option for real food past 2 am at least down that area of the strip.\n\nMUNCH BOX
Nice location, convenient hours, friendly staff - glad I made the switch to Chase before moving West.
Not too big of a fan here...environment is pretty crappy but food is as good as it gets. Everyone else in the family is a huge fan of this place so go fig. A good place to try out for fast service and desi food :)
Really good food. Service was nothing spectacular and price was pretty much out of our league. We had a groupon that made it appealing to us.
Used to be better. Beef chow fun had hardly any beef in it. Walnut shrimp over cooked. Chicken Tsao over cooked too much fatty chicken. Yuck!
This place had terrible service and piss poor food to boot. It was a combination of our waitress being new and not interacting well with the chief that cause the bad experience. However, there are plenty of better Italian resturants in Vegas than this.
The room did not have lightbulbs, a clockraido, an iron, an ironing board, or anything in the minibar.  The toilet paperholder was loose and kept dropping the paper.  The hall smelled of smoke and puke.  I would not stay here again.
Two out of two burgers ordered were made wrong, but aside from that, the food is fast, cheap and easy. Decent burger. You can get a double with cheese and a pile of fries for $3.99! Tip - ask for grilled onions. There's no up charge! Good service too.
Great food! I have eaten here since this place opened. It is a shame that the owner has raised prices and given less ingredients in the burrito's. .
Gotta give props where props are do. So staff : props! Pizza : props location : props\n\nStaff: Asia, Chloe, Devon PROPS
Come one come all Cornhusker fans!!! This is the place!!!Bar food is bar food- but this place ranks higher. The nachos were fresh, pretzel bites DELISH!
Pretty small selection and not very clean.
I had the Manza sandwich, was really good, just a bit over priced.  Would probably go again to try the pizza on a Friday or Saturday though.
Decent theater. Seats are a bit old and screens are small. It's clean and the workers are friendly. Overall, a convenient place to catch a movie.
Sadly, it appears that Mikado Sushi has closed for good. :-( It's a shame, too, because I think their combination of fresh fish and reasonable prices was hard to beat.
This Starbuck location is a pig pen. It's been dirty for years. I don't understand how it can still be open. I wrote to complain about how dirty it was several years ago. I guess Starbucks Corp didn't follow their promise to check it out..Don't go there.
Very nice accommodations. Centrally located to everything. Walls are a little thin. We heard the couple next in the room having some \"morning relations\". Very clean and modern. Would stay here again. Helpful staff.
Seriously outdated and food was subpar.  If you like to be sold crap while you eat, this is the place to go.
Want cheap hole in the wall Chinese deliciousness? Yup this is the spot. It kind of reminds me of Chinese food in New York. Great lunch menu. This place will have you coming back.
We wanted to order gluten-free pasta and we were told to wait 40 minutes that should change the water in the pots. Anyone who wants to order pasta desirable to call to book in advance,
Service was terrible. The food was ok. I ordered corn beef. Found it odd to have a biscuit with my meal. I get the \"western\" or \"country\" deal but to me it didn't go with it. Wish the orange juice was freshly squeezed too.
The band was awesome, even though they started late. I thought the cover charge was a little excessive for what's basically a sport's bar. The food was okay. Our server was incredibly rude after we switched from booze to soda. \nBut the vibe was fun, the band was fun and we had a good time.
I would make the drive to go to hot and juicy or boiling crab! Don't waste ur time and money here
Really good pad thai. Yellow curry was good as well. Wife tried to order BBQ chicken but got talked or of it by the server. Maybe next time. She enjoyed her curry. Will be back.
Nice Italian spot with well stocked bar.  Very loud If you sit near the entrance due to a huge fountain / waterfall.  We needed a table for 8 at 7pm on Sunday, walked up and were seated right away... Everything we ordered was decent.  Not spectacular. Service was good. No complaints. I'll go back someday...
Love this place- consistently good and friendly. Portions may even be too large. Come here for breakfast when visiting AZ twice a year and will keep coming back.
Outback Steakhouse is alright.  They have good salads.  That's about all I can say.\n\nTheir prices are decent if you just want the basic steak meal.\n\nOverall, Meh.  I've experienced better.
One of our favorite places to eat.
Awful service! 3 servers walked by us, without even acknowledging us! We left after waiting for 20 minutes for someone to come to our table!
Went here tonight for some food before going out and everything we ordered was inedible. Skip this place. Worth spending money on the strip.
Friendly staff and nicely sized portions. The combo is very affordable and can be split with a few friends. Food is tasty but some of the meats seemed dry - either overcooked or from too many reheatings.
In L.A. I give the nod to Nozawa... But this ain't L.A., this is Vegas, and the taste is beyond compare!  I ate my admission price to Absinthe that night but loved every minute of 2 hours I was there!
Wanted to stop in but had that raven banner up just can't do it !
Server was friendly enough. Did not seem to care about her work though. My buddy's Guinness was foam from top to bottom and my Kilt Lifter was really skunky tasting. This and we were two of about 10 at the bar, so its not like they were super busy. I won't be going back.
Steak over cooked when it arrived, the food was good and the view was great. But the wait staff need to be a bit happier
Love the veggie patties, when they are available...haven't really eaten anything else there.
Short and to the point: The food is good. Littleneck clams as steamers for about $11 a dozen. Moose Drool on tap.
These folks were okay.  They took care of our problem from another Camping World without a hitch.
Fantastic donuts! Great selection! Coffee was definitely above average!
What's not to love about this place?  Great pizza, great pasta, and great service from Stephany(thanks girl).  There was live music Friday night, which added to a great evening.  I think I may have finally found a real Italian spot in Charlotte:-)
Love it every time!!
Amazing place to relax and grab a bite/drink while the kids are skating.  The bartender is always on top of things. There are so many TV'S and they have every sports game on.  Happy Hour specials every day as well as daily specials.
This is a very classy and trendy restaurant. I am here with my girlfriend and we didn't wait more then 5 minutes before being seated even though there was a very packed house. The waiter Thom was very polite an attentive and the food was phenomenal. I will definitely return.
Went here for a pint (they brew on the premises) and rather enjoyed it! It was winter, so we didn't get to enjoy the patio, but the interior is nice enough, and it wasn't super crowded (on a friday evening). Highly recommend for good beer and a fun bar atmosphere.
Service was great.  Bit pricey.  Food ok.
Hookah Hot Spot is a hidden treasure!!!! Love it!!! I have been hooked ever since I found them on Facebook. Eden and the staff are very nice and the atmosphere is very relaxing. The cinnamon tea is amazing and I recommend Blue Mist Hookah.
Friendly service, and fair pricing. Was even given a ride back to my house while car was serviced, and was picked up upon completion. Will be returning.
Went for the \"garlic festival\".  Love this place but where was the garlic festival?  They were selling some garlic but that was it.  Very disappointing. I will continue to buy their oils and spreads but won't bother to attend anymore \"festivals\".
We come here quite often on saturday mornings. The food is good and the servers are always friendly and fast. My only real complaint is there is always 10 families/couples waiting for a table and there are 20 open tables..... its the weekend,  plan on having a few more servers working so customers don't have to wait.
Crab legs are the best! For a buffet this is high quality! Coming from California where buffets are everywhere this was truely delicious. I tried just about everything but fell in love with the crab very fresh and perfect! Can't wait to try this again!
Yes they have a lot of beers but it's not worth the rude staff. Go someplace else.
Why go to the corporate sushi restaurants for the same old thing? This place takes them by far. Great food and the presentation is amazing. Then you top it off with great service and good prices. Think I found my new sushi restaurant. Oh yea, try the tempura cheesecake.
Don't go in here if your black. They will be extra rude to you. The wait was longer than I expected so I changed my mind. Wife wanted to stay so I went back and reserved a table for 5 again. She claims I said 5. She did that to be nasty. And I think because we were the only black family there.
I love this spa!  It is fantastic. Francesca and Barb are very professional. The atmosphere is classy & clean. They've got a client for life!
Good Starbucks - speedy inside service but the drive thru can get bogged down a bit in the mornings, good coffee, friendly staff, one of my favorite Starbucks !
Large portions of diner-style food. Prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is nice (both inside and neighborhood-wise).
Love this place! I have had the brisket, the beef and cheddar, and the pulled pork. All of them were so good that I thought about them the next day. I wish they had one closer to my house. I also love supporting firefighters and rounding up to donate to their charity. Thank you for serving good food!
Horrible management and disorganized staff. High turn over in employment every time I come always New staff
Too delicious! Gluten free crepes both savory and sweet! Local ingredients from local sources and authentic cooking and cuisine. Small, intimate setting. I would recommend to almost anyone!
Prime Rib Restaurant a-ok. The 70 lane bowling alley. Phenomenal!!!!! Had a blast!! Cheap lanes, cheap beer. Love it!!
Another food court tenant in Greenland like Mi Ga. Had Seafood Tofu, which was decent.
I cant believe people think this is good sushi. The 8 piece chef special was sour and soggy. Very over priced and terrible. Save your money. I was ripped off.
Nice place, and food was great.
Decent selection of slots.  I didn't hit it big.  I didn't try any of the drinks.
Came for lunch. Pretty good lunch specials. Great pulled pork sliders. The sauce here is on the sweet side...which I prefer. Overall it was a pretty good meal. The waiter was overly attentive. He would pop out of nowhere and clear the plates and used napkins instantly. It was kinda annoying.
More awesome lunch to be had. Sometimes they are busy. But really, it's worth the wait. And every server is so nice!
Great time. Not too crowded when we went on a Sunday night. Definitely a good time out!
Coffee is good, atomshere is nice, can get  a little noisy, the back room is good for small meetings.
They couldn't schedule me any sooner than 5 days, and when they came out they brought the wrong windshield.  The technician blamed the customer service rep and the customer service rep blamed the warehouse.  No accountability at all!  What a nightmare.  Finally just called a local company and they came out on the same day with the correct windshield
Always love this place. Great food, awesome atmosphere! The wait can be long to call ahead of time, and you might want to consider sharing a dish with someone or just be prepared for left overs. . . .or accept that as a challenge! The Chicken and Waffles are pretty bomb.
Adobo was too greasy and the puncit had been sitting out a long time by the time I got there. Pass on the Halo Halo. No flavor.
Wow - really awful. Took fifteen minutes to get three tacos. And they were not worth the wait. \n\nI spent four months in Mexico, and it is an insult to that country to call this comida mexicana.
Love love love this place! Consistently good coffee and the staff is so friendly! Once they see my car in line they already start making my order. Everyone knows your name.. It's like the Cheers of coffee shops
Very disappointed that they took off the lime chicken on 2 for 20 so I don't go there anymore.  Service so so and the cocktails are pre measured an weak. Better places to go.
their produces and meats are above-average!\n\ntheir seasoned bonless, skinless chicken breasts are great for grilling! get them when they go on sale for $2-3 a pound!\n\nthe deli case workers are so sweet!
The crab & shrimp dip is excellent! The tacos are too. Just be careful. This food is spicy! It's delicious but spicy!\n\nThe waitress was excellent. I also love that they give you free chips & salsa. I absolutely can not wait to go back there!
I had wings and pizza delivered from here a couple months ago. The only thing I can really recall is that the wings were gross. Really disappointing. The pizza was at best OK and really needed more sauce. I would not order from here again.
poor service and 1/2 of the menu was \"out of stock\".\nMeh indeed
Went here with a group of friends and the service wasn't great. Food was ok. I don't think I will be coming back here again. The server gave us the wrong check and charged the wrong amount of money on the credit card. Didn't refill water, tea or coke.
I had the pleasure of attending a wine tasting here on Sept. 11,2014.  They have a variety of wine on display and the service was great. I purchased some wine on the spot.  I look forward to visiting in the future.
If you're here, you already know the deal. Salsa bar FTW! It spoils me, as I can no longer visit any other Filiberto's location in good conscience. Must try after the pub closes.
This place sucks. Dont come here. The service is awful. Very unfriendly even tho I'm helping pay there salaries. Beds are very uncomfortable and no room service.
I have been coming to this place for about two years. The staff is so friendly and nice people. The sweetest, funniest owners. I love the $7 option for students. If you are in the area, and want an inexpensive, great haircut. Check it out!
I was a bit bummed because they didn't have the actual mushroom burger there but aside from that place was great. Keep in mind the actual physical location is small so use that knowledge how over you'd like. Just so you all know I love this place.
Dessert from this shop gave bad stomach ache and up set stomach. Never going back again
I been here a couple times and usually the service has been the same \nUnprofessional \nSlow \nAnd 2/3 I received the wrong drink \n\nNot gonna be my first choice for a Starbucks when the time comes
Took 15 minutes to even get our waitress over to take our order. Another ten to get our drinks and bread. It's 2 am and not crowded. Forget this place.
was impressed.  Good food, service and atmosphere.  Difficult time finding the joint, needs better signage.
The movie broke down again. Waited 20 minutes for it to be reset. No one knew what was going on the staff was unfriendly
If you enjoy standing in line forever with \"MLife\" people seated while you patiently wait, maybe you'll make it through the wait & attitude. If you're not into that, hop across the street to Zingers for fast, friendly service.
Wow! How can you say......amazing always all the time! We have been coming here for 3 years...... It has been short of Amazing everyone! Come'on!!!
Service was excellent & food was FANTASTIC!  Gotta luv those pickles
the food was standard, nothing special,  went for lunch,  Server was very lacking , did not introduce self, never checked back regarding meal, did not clean up dishes or refill drinks in a timely manner.  Probably will not go to this location again.
Disregard the outside. The food is VERY good Indian food!!  I highly recommend this place.  I have had Indian food in the best of restaurants (London) and this place is quite good.  You will be impressed if you like Indian/Pakistani type food!
Delicious dive food but simply overpriced in my opinion. A trio shouldn't cost me $20 and that much attitude.\n\nFood:  7/10\nService:  4/10\nPrice:  3/10\nAtmosphere:  n/a
Weird little juice bar in the Palazzo hotel. Fresh pressed. Too bad the juices taste horrible. This place is crazy overpriced. People who are hungover probably think these juices will help. Nope. They do nothing and just waste space in your stomach. Big mistake coming here.
Great place to grab a quick bite. Not the best taco's I've had in my life, but everything there is well above average. Prices are very reasonable.
Had a delightful lunch after a trip to the spa with my better half.  Service was a bit slow but good food and good drinks in a casual setting.  Definitely worth checking out if you're staying at the Biltmore or in the neighborhood.
Used to be much better. They used to have an elaborate version of persian rice with orange zest and nuts that is not served with their signature dishes anymore. I bragged about it and took some friends there; quite a disappointment. :-(
This place is probably the worst Greek place I've ever eaten. The good was cold, the ingredients were clearly cheap and un flavorful and  the wait staff was rude and unfriendly.  There are so many better places in charlotte.  Don't waste your money--avoid Nefellies.
We were looking for dinner but no one could make up their mind. So we agreed on Guy Frieri's to see if it is as good as his attitude. The service was great, our server was friendly, knowledgeable and quick with a funny come back. The food was amazing and favor was soo good.
I'm ready for brunch now. :) The banana nut muffin was amazing though. Especially with butter. mmm...
This was a great experience. I liked that the tickets were affordable and it was very well decorated. The kids looked like they were having fun on the slides and bouncy house and it was a very family orientated event. I loved the petting zoo idea also. What a great adventure for families.
Love this place! Was referred by a friend. I am very particular about my nails and have finally found a place where I leave 100% happy. Very clean and fun atmosphere with tons of colors to chose from. The nail techs are all very talented and friendly.
Last time we went to Joe's Crab Shack they changed the rules on us... I was a bit p.o.'d.....\n\n But TGIF's was very accommodating.....
so. not awesome. basically a subway sandwich style place but for pizzas. the one star is for the Peroni on tap. the pizza itself was nothing spectacular. my date and I were sick the next day and this pizza was the only common link for that. not recommended.
I love this place. Food is always delicious and affordable. The service is excellent.I have been looking for good Mexican food and finally found one. My boyfriend and I are regulars here.
I've had the Gyro combo for $8 dollars and change. This place just doesn't do it for me.
They will rip you off forget about your deposit\nThey claim phony repair and fabricate\nDamages reports.\nSteve is a professional con artist backed\nBy nancy Li .\nSave yourself aggravation run away from this office.
So SAD...  Big Bang closed down as a Piano Bar. Now it's a night club. Guess we'll see how that works out.
Mai is the best nail artist ever! She's not only great at what she does, she's also extremely compassionate towards her clients. Love her work and I never leave disappointed. Everyone needs to go to her!
A very nice surprise.  We went here because of a food network recommendation and we were not let down.  It is a basic breakfast, but very good.
Great environment at the bar for happy hour. I had the Michelada with Pacifico and it was tasty. I tried the edamame and had the Large Shrimp for dinner. All very delicious and not too filling.
Yummy!!! I love their food! the blintzes with berries, o wow yum. and the eggs benedict with fresh , another yeah! wish i could go more!
Do not get breakfast here. Maybe other meals ok.  Burnt toast & hashbrowns served cold.  People who think this is wonderful must eat at Denny's.
View was awesome, the cost was unbelievable high, you pay to park,ride,walk on walk, look off walk, take picture, I would suggest looking from the most southern rim
Great service and food.  We had the 2-for-$25 special and loved it.
Great prices and good sales on trendy looking clothes. Small men's section.
Total disaster! The service was slow and the waiter arrogant. After 30 minutes of waiting the burgers came and one was over cooked. We sent it back only to wait some more than the manager got involved. After another 20 minutes the new burger came back raw!
Dr Rusick is awesome! I was having chronic neck and upper back pain when one of my friends referred me to him. After just a few appointments I was feeling much better.  Dr Rusick will listen to what is bothering you and will come up with a plan to help your problem.
This place never disappoints.  Delicious veggie pizza.
I Love sushi freak! They have fresh sushi and a very unique menu. You have to try the VEGAS ROLL&soft shell crab. They have a very friendly staff and reasonable prices then your average sushi place. also the volcano roll is the best:) this will be my new spot.
Had the prime rib, terrible the baked potato was great.  I'm not sure what animal the prime rib came from probably not cow.  I'd stick to zingers if I come back
Read the expiration dates!!! I have personally seen expired items like cheese and eggs on shelves. They are very bad about inventory and restocking. The Starbucks girls are great but beware of produce and refrigerated items.
My trusty entertainment book got me a buy 1 get 1 free game that I used on a saturday afternoon to beat the heat. NICE. The staff was friendly, place wasn't full on a saturday afternoon, the stench will have you knowing your in a bowling alley in no time.
The food was good but the service was poor.
I see alot of live theater, and this show is great. I took my mom, and my adult daughter. They both loved it. Its based on Frankie Valley's life. Its just real fun.
Watch out for the short black dude in the white shirt ladies. Too big of a flirt! Teeters on the edge of uncomfortable and scary!
Portions are huge but not high quality. Atmosphere is very dated. Spicy wings are too spicy.
I really think this has the best ramen I have ever had. Service is surprisingly great, considering how packed it is every time I am here. Whenever someone come in town, I always suggest this place
Awesome barber! First time I went to a barber and the girl who cut my hair was great and did an amazing job. It wasnt nearly as expensive as some salons I've been to and the massage at the end was a definite plus. Ill recomend this place to all the guys I know
they always book crappy music there.\nit is a nice place, but it is week as hell.\nget some 13 to the gallows, or wayne hancock or something in there.
My manicurist Holly is the best!  She makes me look and feel beautiful when I leave .  Scheduling an appointment is a breeze!  They are always wiling to work around my busy work schedule .  Holly and first choice nails rock
Always good food. You get a lot of food for the money and great building next to movie theaters and desserts
So glad Sky harbor is stepping up the restaurants in terminal 4.  The only bad thing is this is way down in the \"high\" B terminal, where most internationals fly from, but it's worth the walk.  Quesadilla is great.
This store deserves more business!!!!  Nice employees, doesn't stink like urine, great environment.
Great golf carts, nice grounds, medium difficulty, small bar area but nice.
The restaurant was much to be desired.  Food was bland. The empanadas was a good size but a minimal amount of meat was in the empanadas itself.
The Royalty!!!!!!!!! Trust me! Or trust my wife.
I really liked thid place, as soon as we saw the menu we wanted everything on the menu. Average breakfast is $7.50 which is more then fair and food tasted fresh and delicious!!
There turkey pesto sandwich is one of the best sandwiches I have ever had. The atmosphere is really laid back. Went there for Easter and had some amazing banana foster french toast and their bacon was cooked to perfection. My sister said her yogurt granola was some of the best she has ever had.
I highly suggest the Lobster Spring rolls as an app. So amazing!!!!
I prefer this location over the others. \n\nA must try is the MAC and cheese! So yummy. \n\nI went on a Saturday night and not much of a crowd, which I love! I'll be back.
Food I ordered was good but I feel like they don't have enough options. Be prepared to order a lot of servings and food if you can eat like me.
Staff is nice and friendly. Floor was super sticky and dirty and no tp in men's bathroom. Food was ok put took forever to get more food out.
I always love this place. There's a huge selection of machines and lots of good choices of places to eat. \nWe have stayed here several times and they have remodeled the rooms.\nThere is a free shuttle to the strip and it's directly across from the Rio and Palms.
It took over 30 minutes to be served a mediocre Farm Burger. Very disappointed I service and food quality. Had a better burger on the strip in some dive. !
Best Gluten Free Pizza I have ever tasted.  The staff here is the sweetest too.    I usually just zip in for a pizza to go, but their entrees smell and look fab.  Definitely the place to check out in Mesa,AZ if you like Euro cuisine.
The heart of airport traffic in Vegas.
Favorite place on a Friday or Saturday night or Sunday Funday!! Always so much fun, packed and full of dancing people. Strong cheap drinks! Home of the beergarita!\n\nThey always have my favorite DJs that mix top 40 with house!
Good food but possibly the slowest service ever.  Would not go back.
Terrible place.. They charge for a buffet which hardly has variety. Waste of money. Save yourself from going there. On top of it the food tastes bad.
Their poutine is perfection!Super nice owners who really seem to care about what they're doing.
They pull the old bait and switch. We rented tons of cars and never had them do this. Don't rent from them unless you want to pay double what you agreed to. Double the price (per day mind you) for \"insurance.\" No. Go to a legitimate rental place where the prices are the prices.
Great burritos!!!
Delicious Ribs and they have Big Red soda on fountain? what's not to love?!
They have Theory and Vince.  That's all that matters.  It's a nice, clean outlet.  Not as big as the Cabazon outlet near Palm Springs or the one down in Carlsbad, but it will do.  One gripe, though... the men's section at Theory/Vince is pretty small.  *sigh*
Awesome vape shop. Love these guys. I won't go anywhere else for my vaping needs. Bethany & TJ are amazing with answering any and all questions you may have. Very warm and friendly atmosphere.
noisy - steak cold - very expensive for a casino restaurant that is open to teh casino floor
Great place to hold a party! Thank you Dan & staff for making our QCMP Poker Ride a success with the food!
There is no surprise this hotel is #1. The property is amazing. Location is perfect. Service is outstanding. Food is delicious. The Spa offers some of the best services Ive ever had. Cant wait to go back!\nNote: Service charges are included with everything including your car service, so no need to tip!
Everything was bland... Prob why they have three different types of salt on the table. The waiter was awesome though! Not worth the price..
Yum! So delish and such a clean place! Wonderful staff! My toddlers were impressed by the toppings!
Love this place, burgers and dogs are really good and good prices.
ICE COLD beer!! Im not a fan of the food i have ordered so far but the beer is super cold and yummy!!
I thougt is was pretty good...Im wondering if some of the negative review are from the restaurant and bar right next door... I love that place too but I wouldnt put it past their regular patrons.
All around great experience. Everyone enjoyed their meal, the service was great and the atmosphere was gorgeous.  \n\n*****Tip sign up for their email club and they send you an offer for a free bruchetta quatro appetizer*****
I have eaten at this restaurant several times and have never been disappointed.  The menu has been updated since the name changed from Gecko Grill, but the food is still excellent.  There isn't anyone there at lunch so you can get in and out in under a half-hour.  Delicious!!
Very good performance.  The water makes it very unique and interesting.  There is not a bad seat in the house it is a very intimate setting and visually spectacular.  I would suggest not sitting too low as you can get wet from the performance and might have to strain your neck to see the action above the pool.  I would recommend
Fantastic service and quality! I will be coming back to get my other vehicles tinted! They honor the price of the Groupon for what is advertised unlike some other shops that keep adding to the price once you are there. Definitely recommend 305 Kustoms!
Extremely rude and annoying staff. Will not be back.
It is just ok. They do a ok job with the pedicure. But they don't have any ideas for nail art. There are just two nail technicians out here. So on the plus side, there is not much wait time and they do a good foot massage.
Wish we had one of these back in CT. Truly delicious greek/Med food at great prices.\n\nSouvlaki was excellent - the flaming cheese was good too.  \n\nservice was informative and friendly.
Horrible, over priced, worse than Dennys in terms of quality- and they tacked on a to-tax and mandatory tip for a sandwich to go!!! \n\nBeware!
We love crepes and were recommended to ths place, what a disappointment, Really disappointing, over priced, , dirty , dirty place, I guess the department of health never inspects. Take a pass.....
Just food for when you get hungry. Don't expect much. In keeping with Mandalay bays high prices, you will be overpaying for everything you get.
Incredible coffee, on the same level as LUX coffee bar and perfect for people closer to the Tempe area. Go to LUX for the atmosphere and cartel for the coffee and make sure and try the Iced Toddy it was incredible!
Cardboard pizza!
Typical CPK.\n\nI'm surprised that none of the CPKs offer any sort of gluten-free option for the pizza. Never my choice to go here.
Pho Tai #14 was great!  Spring roll #1 was average.  Thai tea was good.  Service was fast and efficient.
Food here is awesome! It can get crowded but its worth the wait.\n\nNot great for large parties but awesome for catching up with a friend.
The godzilla roll is massive, the stingray roll was also good
This place is a low-key hideaway with friendly staff. I would not really call it a dive; it's more neighborhood bar. Watching live music here is a really up close and personal experience. They support local live music.
This place is awesome!  Make sure you go during happy hour; you won't be disappointed!  My wife and I took our children there at 630 on Saturday night and were surprised when we got our check and was half off!   This is the first restaurant we've been to in a long time where I was content with the amount we spent.
Pour your own tap beer. Yes please. 60/40 bacon patty, oh yes. And beating White D at pool... Priceless!
I have referred numerous clients to Jared Bennett, he is knowledgable and experienced bankruptcy attorney.
By far one of the best massages I've ever had. Elliot listens to what you need and focuses on your problem areas. I went in feeling horrible and left feeling relaxed and in less pain. He is very polite, professional and highly recommended.
You take your own order, and wait in line and watch your pizza being made. They take fresh ingredients and you customize your own pizza.  Talk about having it your way.
Met my daughter and her friends here.  Great martini and fabulous tapas food.
When your friends go to the Olympic Garden to waste some cash, come here and have a great time.  Local bar with great prices....very cool crowd.
One of the best cheeseburgers in town can be found at the \"Wisco\".  There's a pool table, dart board and volleyball out back. The drinks are poured generously, and there is often a really cheap beer special going on.
I had the Coney Chili and Cheese Dog with onions here and it was great. Had that lil Smoked taste to it and it was one of the best hot dogs that I ever had and I will be returning
This place is nasty. The bartenders are the owners, don't expect them to be friendly. They act like they don't want or need customers. It stinks and is very smoky. Basically the type of place you would expect to be located next to a trailer park.  The pool league sucks. Don't go.
Best pizza I have ever had...period. Great service and cool ambience. Don't miss out!
Just opened and boy is the pizza great.  A awesome value at lunch, 10\" pizza or sub and drink for less than $6.  My son tried the wings the other night and rated them so so but that might be just because they just opened. I rate them certainly the best of the chain pizza restaurants.  I'll certainly be back.
Stayed here 3 nights in late July '13. Experienced breakfast, lunch and dinner, more that once. Service excellent, decor excellent, food - clearly worthy of their 3 Star Michelin status.
This place could be awesome - smack dab in the center of Plaza Midwood and great patio and building. The food blows. It's bland and boring and just, bleh. I've been there twice and nothing was spectacular or even worth finishing. The crowd there is also weirddddd
Great Pizza! Gets cold fast but thats when you will enjoy it the most. 5 Stars for the quality of food. Service and beverage selection probably a 4 star. You guys get a 5 star from me!
I searched & searched for good Chinese food in Las Vegas and I finally thought I found it. Unfortunately this is just decent Chinese Food.
I have been to a lot of bead stores and this one is not good.  The prices are way too high and the service is awful. Go spend your money somewhere else.   Do not shop here.
This is an update review. So I went again and the dim some was fresh make. Uh it was so god.
Very clean and very good quality of produce and meat. Staff is very helpful and great. Well lit parking lot and has security. Prices are high but are ok with vons card. Very efficient and has a nice Starbucks.
omg.  the food is terrific.  service was awesome
I got my hair cut and styled and I was very impressed with my stylist, Brooke.  She was very thorough and listened to what I wanted.  I definitely plan on coming back and bringing my daughter to get her hair cut as well!  Bravo Cora Bella's for hiring great talented stylists like Brooke!
Great interior, however the food is not the best I've eaten. Had better tasting meals in less \"fancy\" places. Would give it another try when in town, maybe:)
I go back amd forth from LA to vegas and the golds gym out here are nothin like the ones in LA... this one particularly smells like nasty b.o and feet they dont provide towels wich is important cause it help keep place sanitary.
Expensive and time consuming. \nMy wife loves this place.
Called to set up appointment had me waiting 25 minutes. Finally, someone picked up the phone asked me what I wanted and put me on hold for another 10 minutes. I just hung up in frustration. If this is how they treat their patients I don't need them.
Hits the spot. Four stars for salty fries and polish dog. Location in LA better though...
This place I went a couple of years ago for dinner with a man who is now my ex bf. We thought it might be nice but thought naahhh. Boring pub. I prefer karaoke me.
It is a small crowded place serving inexpensive and ok food. But I think it is over rated in yelp.
Nothing like fresh out of the oven cookies just don't forget the milk
Way better than a typical shaved ice at a carnival. Tons of flavors. Smoothies sherbet iced coffees and there are some flavors that are sour :) the tropic creme on top is AMAZING :)
The margarita was awful, very chemical flavor. We ordered beef tacos and beef enchiladas and there are no words horrible enough to describe the food.  The salsa was OK but the chips were covered in salt, the only flavor you could taste. I will never, ever eat at this restaurant again.
I really wanted to like this place.  I really did.  But the high prices, snooty wait staff and completely wrong-headed \"creativity\" of the chef (wrong-headed combinations of flavors) just turned me off.
I can't even order here. It's like families meet Mexican cafeteria. I can't do it! I walked in early to meet a friend and told him to meet me elsewhere. Ewww ;(
Great food when we don't feel like cooking and it's right around the corner from the house. It appears to be a family-owned place and that always is a plus for me.\n\nWe have never been disappointed with the quality of the food or service. Keep up the good work.
Really good middle eastern food \"fast\"\nGood, quick and healthy \nAwesome place for lunch with a lot of flavors
This airport is newer, clean, and has a lot of sizzle, but its poorly laid out.  For only two terminals, you have to take a shuttle.  The security checkpoint is muddled with overlapping lines and unevenly spread TSA booths.  Food options are okay, with various tourist boutiques,
Had my 1st Push experience yesterday. I will most definitely be back.  I've been to several different places very similar to this 1 in Vegas & can honestly say Push is a giant step above them all. Highly recommend checking this place out !!!!
Great People Watching Spot, Classic Menue Items!
A best kept secret.  Trendy atmosphere, great background music and personable service.  The food was excellent.  Lunch specials for $7.95 do not disappoint.  The sushi is fresh and delicious.  Nothing bad to say about this place.  Highly recommend!
I expected this place to be awful because the menu is gigantic, but it was good.  I'm impressed.  If they got to a smaller menu and it was fresher, I'd give 5 stars.\n\nVery clean and great service.
Can't review this place as I walked in and was told a 45 minute wait. I am sure the food must be good but I honestly won't wait 45 minutes for anything to eat. No matter how good something is there always is another option...this time it was Feast Buffet at Santa Fe.
awesome bowl of ox tail soup at 1am. don't know how i got there, don't know how i got back to my hotel room.
Don't feel like the normal Pizza Hut or Papa John's but still want something just as good?  Order Z Pizza.  The Pizza will always be good, the only down side they have is that the price is high.
If your into UMVC3 or other fighting games like MvC2, Street Fighters, and various others fighting titles. You have to come here on Wednesday, it's filled with skilled players to watch or play against! They have tournament here too occasionally!
Quaint and comfortable pub. Bernadetta is beautiful and friendly. I'd have gone back tomorrow, but she works only Sunday and Mondays.
you go there thinking you will get a good deal but believe me you can do better at Home Depot I bought 3 gas stoves for $349 each plus delivery found better ones at Home Depot for $329 I had already purchased the $349 so it was too late but guess what I'll be at home depot next time.
A WALL of beer with brands you can't live without, i.e. Ska brewery, Green Flash, Leinenkugels, with a A+ beer manager named James who knows MORE than you'll ever need to know about  beer!!  check them out for sure...
An olde world pub in a lovely setting - Julia S described it beautifully in her previous review over two years ago & it seems that (in a good way) not much has changed. Friendly clientele, a roaring fire & the wheat beer is lovely.
I had heard so much about Pizzeria Bianco and only thought the pizza was average.  It's a very small restaurant and the wait can be long.  I just don't get the hype.
Melissa and Tina are amazing at what they do! They are both very passionate and their studio is awesome. If you want to get some awesome photos taken for your man from the best in town, go to Flash Boudoir!
It's used to be a good place to get sushi. Until I ate sushi at KABUKI Tempe, this place is far behind. Sorry I'm not a fan anymore to this place, till I stopped by to get lunch. The salmon wasn't fresh. 2 star...
I ordered the Italian submarine on an Italian hoagie with coleslaw and a tropical smoothie. \n\nIt was good. Fresh. Coleslaw was kind of gross. Smoothie was delicious! Clean atmosphere, but looks kind of old. Friendly staff. Good place, but nothing too special.
Not very good food. The service is ok.  The bathrooms are filthy.
Always have the cheapest gas besides costco! The service there has been great as well.
Very poor customer experience, they need training in customer service. Too many other good car washes near by to waste time with them again.
i love their congee rice porridge..One of the best i have so far very surprising.
Beware of any warranty. They will change the rules and not honor a lifetime warranty.\nVery poor business practice.
This place is ridiculously luxurious. Many people don't even know it exists. Once you/re inside it doesn't even feel like you are in Las Vegas anymore. The whole courtyard is enclosed and it smells like lemons.
Five stars . Always dependable quality with good customer service. Denny, our server, went above and beyond! Right now Olive Garden has endless pasta bowl for 9.99.
This place is so cool!  Downtown just keeps getting better all the time!
The best Breakfast I have had in at least 10 years. When we walked in the whole place had this wonderful mesquite campfire smell. The carne asada I ordered was amazing. It had the perfect amount of charred, smoky, red chille flavoring and made this one memorable meal.
Had the truffle fries and the farm burger. They were superb!
This Dennys refuses to participate in corporate specials advertised on tv and email.  Even after showing the coupon to the manager she refused to honor it.  Save yourself some frustration: go to a different Dennys.
Long wait (30 minutes) for a bowl of lobster bisque - and then when I finally received my order it was tasteless and watery. I should have ordered something else instead.
Cirque du Soleil prices without the Cirque du Soleil talent.  I kept waiting to be amazed by people doing things with their bodies that I can't do.  That's why I pay you the big bucks, people!  The costumes and music (of course) are fantastic, though.
Do you like greasy overcooked American chinese? If not try some place else! They cater to those with no appreciation for anything close to decent chinese take out.
Tried this recently looking for some teriyaki.  This was disappointing.  It was not crisp, which I like, and I didn't care for dipping sauce, too bland.  It was a little high priced for what we got.  Will not go back for the teriyaki.
Good food served by a nice, friendly staff. I'm glad they are in my neighborhood. I wish they had potato salad, though...
Easily top 10 in MTL.  Everything about this place screams awesomeness!  The only issue is seating but it kind of adds to it's value... Something about the law of scarcity I believe.
He is so funny on TV but in person it wasn't very good at all.  Most of what he did was old material, and he had this strange inside joke going with the band.  It was as if he really didn't care whether the audience laughed or not.  I'm out $80....live and learn
Unreasonably overpriced. $22 for a ramen and barely got 3 spoonfuls of noodles. You can give this place a pass and not miss out on anything. Not to mention it did not taste good at all. No one in my party liked what they got.
Spot check on this place = now closed. I live in the area and cruise by once a week. When it was open it was ok at best.
Nothing makes me feel as warm and fuzzy inside as seeing a good show at the Canopy.  Its not just for hippie bands...they get a lot of really good local and national acts that come through, and I have had plenty-a-good time here.  I highly recommend checking it out if you are looking for something new to do.
Not terrible, not the greatest. We ordered the green chile and bean nachos. They were good but were literally green chile, beans and cheese. They had good flavor but I like loaded nachos. The margaritas were just ok. The service was good and the waitress was very friendly.
Los Amigos has the best tortas in Champaign. But the atmosphere is boring. It is better to order delivery, they arrive in a decent amount of time. Service is bland, don't look for a friendly face just order and eat. The food makes up for the lack of everything else.
Super huge portions. Will get sick if you eat it all...lol... Kidding. Ordered a cheesecake but the inside was still uncooked, runny... Yucky. Waitress was kind of rude. Won't go back.
Only thing here good is the beer. Food was bland and service sucked.
Generation Y Design is the way to go if you need equipment for your restaurant . Staff is always friendly . Ask for Dan, Simon or Sina. All are very helpful especially Sina . Go our showcase delivered and on time. Great selection and if you don't see what you need there  . They can get it for you.
The bathrooms in this place are disgusting each and every time I visit.\n\nThe bar is well stoked, the movies good, chairs comfy.\n\nWon't return based on the disgusting bathroom situations. Even on a Tuesday night, these fools can't get it together...
Very disappointed tonight. Ordered a special pizza that wasn't on the pizza bar and it was never delivered. Manager was too busy texting on his cell phone to once walk around the restaurant. Poor service.
Was super impressed with the fish tacos. Same taste and fell as cali. Also the 3 rolled tacos were amazing as well. Service was good, friendly staff and love option of having beer. Didn't like the bar being separated from dinner room. All in all great food, and great healthy choices.
Food was okay, unfortunately the service is the worst.  Being the only breakfast place around (for now) took way to long to get a table. Then once we did get seated and order, waited over an hour for food. To bad
Too expensive!! And that's saying something for Starbucks. And they tried to charge me a $1.50 for a cup of water. A CUP OF WATER!!!!  Overpriced and cheap with their customers/
A bunch of liars work here. The will tell you one thing then do another. I was told I wouldnt be charged sales tax, that my price was out the door and then they refused to honor their word.
Subpar in all aspects.. poor customer service. No helpfulness or smiles from our waitress...wings were goid. But all tge otger food is bland..run down location with ripped seats in the booths and no speakers or misters outside.
Amazing food. Cannelloni stuffed with the most delicious, melt in your mouth chicken and veal. Fried calamari - perfect.
The adventure dome is a great place to go when you are in Las Vegas with kids, but that's about it . I find this place old and dirty... It's not that inviting and some employees were straight up rude.
Great food in old Montreal.  I had the filet mignon carpaccio and the lamb chops. All very good. Lively place,  I would certainly go back.
I have never stayed at a Hyatt Place hotel before, but I will make it a regular chain from now on. on this same trip I stayed at the Hyatt Place in Nashville and both hotels were what every hotel should be. great customer service,  clean room, and a great overall experience!
This place is spacious, and parking is not an issue compared to Hot & Juicy. This place could of get 5stars but sometimes the service sucks. After getting my food not once did we see our server except for the fact that it was time to pay. No refills, or hows the food?
The ambiance is quite trendy. The food is quite good and the sushi is fresh and tasteful. However the menu is quite expensive and the portions are very small. The service could see room for improvement.
Horrible service. Waited hasn't come over since 5:15pm its 7:30pm. Totally ridiculous.  Party of 10 and have to go to the bar and no service. So sad!!! Won't be back here
We wanted something light and and a nice atmosphere the Fornarina hit the spot and the atmosphere in the Enoteca was perfect. \n\nWe will be back with friends.
They have completely changed the menu - downgraded quality - service remains excellent - return to original menu - bad corporate decision.
I dont get the reviews ?  i tried this place twice in the last couple weeks and the food was ok at best.  i sat in bar area both times and they seem to run short staffed as it took a while to be served and get refills both times.  they do seem very friendly once they get to you.
Delicious! I love their grab and go options especially. Acai bowls, smoothies and juices are all great. The PB bowl is my favorite. Staff is very friendly too. I always stop by when I am in the area!
Wish I still lived in Vegas just so I could eat here. BEST Mexican food I've ever had.
yay! QT Greatest gas station eva!!
Dry meat and soggy vegetables. Too bad.
We ordered this about a year ago shortly after they first opened. Overall the pizza was decent but seemed almost like an at home frozen throw it in the oven style and what really killed it was using CANNED MUSHROOMS! We will never go again due to our favorite topping coming out of a can...
Cute little salon.  Lizzie did a fantastic job with my rats nest, she was precise and patient and I will definitely visit this place again.  Teacher Tuesday discount is a plus as well!
I thought this place was alright. Service was great though. Every staff was pleasant and helpful and make sure we were taken care of. I had the Joe's roll and thought that was good. Also, had the steak bowl with mushrooms and spinach. It was ok. Might need to give it a second try.
AMAZING! He fixed 5 watches in 5 minutes! Owner was so sweet! Best watch repair guy a girl with tons of betsey Johnson and juicy couture watches could hope for!!!!!!
IMPORTANT WARNING: I had a pedicure here last week and I received 3 deep cuts on my right heel. It has been almost a week and my cuts are still oozing blood and walking is very painful :(
Everything tasted good and fresh, the waiter was fast and attentive, good prices. Will be back again.
Don't pass this place up.  The food is fantastic!
Their freighting is horrible.  DO NOT rely on the date they give you.  I am still waiting for my product, so I can not comment on their product yet.  They have setback my vacation because I used the dates they gave for delivery.  Do not rely on their dates and maybe you will have a better experience.
First time here. No drive thru. Tayler was very nice and took great care of me.
Super clean inside, all new machines. Free Wi-Fi too! Must buy an in house payment card to use the machines but it eliminates the need to bring quarters. No quarters accepted either, bring cash. Four different size machines and two dryer sizes.
It's a bit of an older hotel now, but there were a few bars with nice seating options, comfortable, and not really busy.  Nothing in particular really stands out, but worth going to for drinks and a variety of bar options.
The mojo burrito is amazing and the patio is very relaxing.
the atmosphere of a corporate men's club - lots of wood, leather chairs, repressed sexuality and self-congratulatory good cheer. good crab, good seafood, big drinks, decent steaks, adequate service: overall recommended for a good spendy meal in vegas.
Decent lounge, good music, fun crowd.
Went for the lunch buffet 40 minutes before they closed - the management let us order off the normal menu but charged only buffet price. The food was deliciously prepared.\n\nSaw some comments from other people about the neighborhood - it's fine, unless you're terrified of Asiatic engineering students.
My favorite place to go to club. The atmosphere is awesome. It is tried to be replicated at other places on the strip but nothing is like this place. I would go back over and over.  Go to encore beach club EARLY so you can get in. otherwise you will end up paying lots of money to get into the club.
The staff here are always cheerful, friendly and helpful -- even when the place is crawling with people.  The prices are no worse than anywhere else and they have a fantastic stock of kits on the shelves and put together as examples.
The house specialty is amazing nice and chewy on the inside and crispy on the outside. It is a great and friendly place. Service is great. I recommend to anyone to stop by and try the house specialty pancakes.
The cocktail list looked ok. I got a \"Southside Slammer\" which was Patron Silver with cucumber and lime. It was way too sweet. The food was fine, but for what it was, it was super overpriced. Not interested in returning.
I've been going to this Supercuts location for 12 years. Its not rocket science cutting hair & Supercuts is a good place to get your hair cut inexpensively. Phillip, now at the Ballantyne location is excellent as is the manager Jasmine at this location.
The food arrived quick. It took them no time at all to pull the bolognese sauce out of the can.  The only thing good about the restaurant is the location. But it does not make up for the meals. Not going back.
The boba was excellent. While waiting for my drink I was invited to try the snacks and had some rancid dried ginger. Gross. Also, they had nothing except soy milk and dairy creamer. Almond and coconut milk are musts for drink purveyors these days. Gotta have it.
Had an incredible time on Saturday. Great food. Great live music. Great service. Will definitely go back.
I ordered the yellow curry with chicken and it was so delicious! I would have given 5 stars, but the egg roles were pretty greasy and flavorless.
Super cool Place. We like having our Dog's groomed here. plus they have Chickens, Bunnies and Goats. This place has alot of stuff for all different types of animals. They also have a large selection of Dog food.
Not impressed..I ordered the #11 ham and cheese which is usually my go to at any sandwich place. It was just plain nothing special. I think jimmy johns, jersey mikes, and az sandwich company are all better! I don't think I will be back.
Great place to see a show.
Amazing food for the price. Make sure you sign up for their rewards card so you can get $5.00 off. The food is very diverse and high quality. I would highly recommend this place to anyone willing to try the traditional food from the \"Strip\".
Went with friends from out of town after seeing it on DD&D. Food was excellent and ingredients were fresh. Someone checked on us twice during our meal to make sure everything was ok. Will definatley be going again.
I love breakfast but I wasn't impressed. \n\nA meal a could have made myself. It was good and a a good price, but nothing special.
Decent airport with recently upgraded food options.  Concourses can get quite crowded during peak times and rental car shuttle can be a pain.
Yesterday, the SCOTUS granted Hobby Lobby its petition that it be treated as a person, with religious beliefs and religious freedoms, and the ability to deny its employees equal access to healthcare. Just as Hobby Lobby can now pick and choose which equal rights it wants to support, I can pick and choose never to shop there ever again.
Nothin to write home about.  \n\nHad the frozen hot chocolate.  They definitely use a higher quality hot chocolate (syrup, not powder based from what I can tell although they sold pouches of the mix).  \n\nI also like their parlor theme.  Cute place to hang out.
We were on a mission for the best fried chicken in Vegas. After reading the reviews we had to try it. And, it did not disappoint!!!!  Had the 1/2 order with mac n cheese and collard greens. I am seriously fat dumb and happy right now!!
Great venue. Great location. Great shows. Great prices. Great facilities. Great seats.\n\nParking? No comment, but enjoy everything once inside the Overture Center.
This place was okay. \nTook a while to get our food.\nThey have really good prices.\n$10 minimum for credit/debit.
Excellent food and service. Highly recommend. Nice people, clean place. I would definetly return
Overpriced. Food was subpar the salad bar and desert bar were quite nice though. Doubtful that I will return. The waitstaff were nice and were attentive though.
Absolutely outstanding.  We shared a whole lot of burger and an order of the oxtail chili cheese fries, that are just as ridiculous and ridiculously good as they sound.  I have not a single complaint about anything we had.  Can't wait for a return engagement.
Visited the restaurant today for a late lunch. Restaurant was almost empty. Food was very good would give it five stars.  Service was slow and the waitress was not attentive
Perfect for lunch or earlier dinner. Lemonade, chopped salad and pizza to share.
The frosting is cream cheese.  I hate cream cheese. No where on their display does it say cream cheese frosting.  It's suppose to be buttercream!!!
The pizza was very good.  The service was very friendly.\n\n The outdoor deck upstairs is a nice touch that makes it a more pleasant place to eat and the decor was a hit with our children.\n\nGood place to grab a pizza.
I liked this place. Had to convince my fiance it's ok not to eat meat sometimes. I am a coffee snob and they had great coffee!  Try their brunch!
Solid food, but nothing exciting or different. I'm not sure what kind of theme they are going for, which makes the place lack personality.\n\nStrengths - good wait staff and some good beer options\n\nDownfalls - not sure it is worth the price and nothing too exciting.
Dirty!!
service was rubbbish was left til lthe end to be served and food was cold its like they werent even bothered \n\ntook 40 min for one dish to come \navoid this place
Server was very nice however food was horrible. Chicken had fat on each piece and bean burrito was tasteless. I am not sure how they can still be in business.
Ambiance \nfood \nService \nPrice \nGreat ambiance with a wonderful patio seating. The food was good. Service was okay. Been here 4x and the server somehow always forgets something everyone I have been there. Food was a little pricey considering the ingredients is not necessarily healthy.
Disgusted by server who goes by the name of \"Mike\" and how he served my children!!!!!!!!
Good food, but not top of the line. Love the portion size for the price! Not crowded especially at lunch, and really reliable takeout. The queso blanco gets hard quick. Especially love the saucy fajitas.
Let me just keep it simple. Popo's should be named poopoo's.\nThe only people that could possibly enjoy this food is someone very intoxicated.
You have to try the duck liver honey mousse for dessert! Trust me, you won't be disappointed! I know it doesn't sound good, but you will be amazed!
Rooms needed some updating like flat screen TV.  And just other little things such as showers heads.
typical bar food nothing special imo
The worst part of Le Peep is they aren't open for dinner, which only gives those of us who work during the week two days to enjoy all the delicious fare served up by Le Peep!\n\nOtherwise, I can't complain. Have always had a good experience and their food is delicious!
Great food, great service, great HH. Don't go too often though.
Absolutely loved it! We had such a great time that we booked a Wine & Dine Painting Party as our end of the year get together. Really looking forward to another fun night with friends. Hmmm, I think  I'll book another Paint Party for my birthday this summer!!!!
Paid $1500 to their reps.  We attended a \"seminar\" in New Mexico to sell a timeshare in Hilton Head.  Scam!!!!
Good burger for the price, especially if you get it animal style.  Still though, they don't have bacon.  NO BACON!!  That would be like the equivalent of opening up a pizza joint but having no pepperoni.  Shame.
A sad fail for these guys. Ordered takeout -all vegetarian dishes but was sent away with shrimp summer rolls and chicken in our spring rolls.  Pad Thai was room temp if not colder when we got it home 10 minutes later.  $35 wasted really.  We MAY return but never again on the takeout.
Stay out of this place: arrogant owners, burritos are just mixed ingredients right out of the oven, mediocre service. \n Great place for students though
The Philly sandwich on a 50 cent hotdog bun was $15 and not good at best. I would recommend moving on for the next place if you need lunch and it's not a fast stop to boot.
Lovely shop, great customer service, there was even a security guard there, gotta keep the sweets on close watch ;) id return for more chocolates
A delightful (and free?) way to spend the afternoon. The grounds are beautiful, and the architecture is great, and the nearby Frick Park is a wonderful walk. It is quite a gem in the middle of this city. Didn't tour the Clayton (reservation needed), so can't comment on that building.
Overall it's not a bad place. It's typical self-serve froyo. I have only tasted their plain and it is good, though it melted super fast. Their selection of fruit toppings is limited in quantity and diversity but they have the basics; I'm not complaining.
Gets too damn crowded, im pretty sure hepatitis is in that pool\n\nHowever, before the pool there are others. Looks great!  I dont think i would go back, it was not bad\n\nAlot of tities
The pizza was really good!\nThey have interesting combinations but everything is really testing. I've been here 3 night in a row.\nI recommend this
I stopped by last week and found this spot thru Yelp! Forgot to redeem the discount but it's unnecessary because service was great and very friendly. They did an awesome job on my manicure and pedicure. Will be my new spot for sure!
If you like smelling or want to smell like cigarrettes, this place is perfect for you.  Enough said.
This was so good - sad to see that the rent got out of hand! Reopen in downtown Phoenix - you will be supported!
20% off of the entire purchase for Black Friday. The specials were only 6 AM to noon though. I can say I love it that the managers always let you know that there is a 100% quality guarantee or you may exchange at any time.
Delicious. The burger is authentic, NOT frozen. And the Reese's milkshake is amazing.
Good food , good service
Where is the zero?\nThe waitress who worked our table was such a b!tch that we left.  I was really hungry too so it had to be way over the top rude.  I hope they aren't all like her.
nice room,they lack of a buffet here,hot swimming pool A++
Always good food at the Rio Buffet so many choices and variety of food. The waiter was so nice and the workers were great. Although I was disappointed I ordered a drink with a souvenir cup and it didn't have no logo or anything on it but on the menu the cup had the Rio hotel & casino logo on it
The food was decent. But I was very disappointed when a member of the staff ran into my wife in the bathroom and made an unnecessary comment about her being in the bathroom.  I can only assume it's a lack of education or tolerance that would make someone so that to another human! Bottom line steer clear if you are gay or transgendered!
Nothing extraordinary about the taste. Simple delicious classic food. Loved the sweet chili sauce though. However, the service was impeccable. They're friendly, fast and show equal concern towards every customer. It was a complete wonderful experience.
Yummy and excellent service! I had the gyro! I was glad I chose them. I'd definitely tell recommend this restaurant! :-)
Great place to relax and hang out with friends, read a book or just get some work done on your Palm Pilot or listen to your Dell DJ. Nice hot drinks and atmosphere. The only problem was their WiFi wasn't compatible with my Prodigy internet service...
Waitress completely forgot us and we sat several minutes and not one person took our order. This is extremely rude and insulting. \n\nWe will not return and will tell other locals of this negative experience. \n\nOh yeah hardly an Irish item on the menu. Gimme a break!
my friends like to eat breakfast here, and come here quite often.  i had the crepes, and they were good.  everyone was pretty satisfied with their food, and the service was very friendly as well.  it's a nice neighborhood spot to grab some good eats.
My wife and came here to eat during my R&R from Afghanistan. I have got say I love Mexican food. What they served was........Blah. It seemed like the food items on our plates were all made fresh from the microwave. The food was chewy when it should not have been.
It is right on the way from the airport to The Strip, and you pay a premium for that. A big one. Like double the prices I pay in Denver.\n\nHowever, a $30 bottle of vodka vs. a $15 drink in the club? Still a good deal.
Great bread bowls. The wraps were awesome too. This is the only place in the valley that I know of that sells bread bowls.
I always make a point to go to this buffet while I am in Vegas. There's a great amount of variety and the price for a champagne buffet is pretty good. It doesn't happen every time, but our drink waitress most recently was awesome.
Delicious food, and desserts! Warm and cozy atmosphere, and very friendly owners. Mostly gluten free menu. Definitely a must try! $$
Stayed here in March, asked for a upgrade to a fountain view, the view at night was unreal. Although it was easy to get to the Bellagio and the Aria, walking  to the Cosmopolitan was a maze.
A thrift store with a large selection of clothes , household items , books etc. A little high priced, for somewhat mediocre merchandise, but it does go to support a charitable foundation
Just left this location. The red head is definitely not friendly and I guess the store picks & chooses when a military discount is applicable to their military customers. Which is weird because this store has always applied a military discount when a valid ID is presented.
Second time here - gad the wings, disappointing, bartender service disappointing! The bartender flirted with her friend from another bAr the entire evening. She pored drinks for everyone except me - which made me wonder why - and she was all in all just completely unprofessional
The staff sucks beyond rude. Shouldn't be in business. Don't know how to make drinks. Don't waste your time or money going to this place. The nut job lady in the morning needs to be on meds.
This is not a good spot if you like clean modern hotel rooms. I upgraded to an executive suite and the couch is so nasty as well the ceiling has the popcorn style. If I didn't already change one room today I would actually ask to be changed again. This is more of a large motel.
It was so fun!! It is a nice big club!! The line is so long but when you get in it is going down!!
Casual environment,  delicious food.  My husband and I shared a Greek salad and a Greek style \"pide\" (think pizza ... but healthy).  All the ingredients were fresh and the portions were generous enough to share.   We will definately come back on our next visit.
Love this place!! Great place to come for breakfast & lunch. Food is out of this world, portions are plenty so come hungry. Service is great and prices are mid ranged but worth it. Open daily 7am-3pm...you'd think I work here...sheesh :)
Ok food...nothing great...many better Thai restaurants in Pittsburgh!
A very nice meal in a very nice restaurant\n\nPROS:\nVery good food\ninteresting choices--not your typical red lobster crap\nGreat service\nVery clean (restrooms, included)\n\nCONS:\nn/a
Sushi was bomb! My first time in today, will definitely be back.  It's very clean and staff is awesome and friendly
Not impressed at all. Popcorn is sold in plastic storage tubs and is expensive. Not even freshly popped on site!
Awesome movie theater! They serve alcohol and have reclining separated seating! Kick back and try not to fall asleep lol.
The service was more than amazing and some of the best steaks around. Every local should give it a shot, the prices are well worth it and it's not insanely priced like most strip restaurants. We'll be back in two weeks with our family.
Best cocktails in Pittsburgh. The bone marrow, wings and Mac n Cheese are excellent. The only downside is trying to make a reservation between 5 and 10.
Called for delivery, said it would take 45 min but showed up in 25. Reasonable price for what you get but VERY greasy!!
I would only give this place one star but the service is good so yeah. Back in the day they had fajitas on the lunch menu, but with that gone the menu sucks! That is all.
Overrated, overpriced, and at best, an average tapas place. Good things: The atmosphere was terrific, and the service was very good. bringing food in a sneaker was a turn off.
Had some calamari tempura and a couple sushi rolls. Nothing was bad, but nothing was particularly memorable either. All of the staff was extremely pleasant.
Love the outdoor pool in the summer. It. Is great for all ages. Has a big slide and smaller equipment for little kids. The staff is always nice. Bring an umbrella for the direct sun as there is no shade.
The food is decent cheap fast food fare. Problem is it's not fast! It's not completely sluggish but I'd have an in n out burger in the same amount of time it took to get my meal and not much compares to in n out fast food wise. Up your customer service game checkers!
Not the best bar by any means, but is a true definition of dive bar. They do however have fun jello shots that are in pseudo hypodermics, and those were only 1.50, which boosted them up from a 2 to a 3.
Holy shit, They broke into my apartment not ONCE but TWICE without ANY notice when they knew for a fact I wasn't home. \n\nZero stars. Fuck this place. Wow.
That was one of the most disgusting experience that I had in my life....very Bad FOOD  period!!
Great fun!  Love this place!  Highly recommend for your visit to Vegas-----will come back again!!!!!!
A bit slow for an airport setting and the staff were blaming each other for an order gone wrong for the customer in front of me...tacky.
They have gone from a variety of sauces to nothing.. I mean nothing not even plain chili sauce. \n\nSucks!
its 6 month's later  and i still hate this resturant ... i want my money back plus the day i wasted at the excalibur..... this place is a EPIC FAIL
its nevada education what more do you want
The lady was unhelpful and seemed annoyed by all my questions I was asking her. This place is expensive with a large smoothie being over 6 bucks. I ordered the mango slushi w/ boba. My slushi was watery and felt like there was hardly any boba in it. Go to Easy Life.
Good hangover food at the Manday Bay Resort.  The duck and noodle soup ain't bad.  Kimchi was average at best.
Good food for the price with excellent atmosphere and staff
I'm not a huge sushi fan, but I enjoyed Yummyaki. Their lunch buffet is relatively cheap and offers a fair variety of items to choose from.
There isn't much to say that hasn't been said.  Easily the best meal I've ever had.
Excellent food and delicately prepared. Can't say that I crave anything I've ever eaten there. It's not a place I lust for going back to.
The bar is cool but the bouncer needs to chill out. Being confrontational about parking only scares paying customers away, this is called the fruit loop so people can bar hop the loop. Don't chase away people who are gonna check out the other bars before coming to yours.
My daughter's bridal shower flowers were lovely.  They were a work of art!
Sandwiches are not that great.. .Fries inside the sandwich are soggy and the coleslaw is flavorless... Very overrated!
The Worse Airline Ever....God Forbid if they buy AA they will also screw that airline up forever also.
This was the single worst massage I have ever had. If you got here, do not have Reggie do your massage. Nice guy but he is terrible. And the front desk girls don't tell you about it until after your massage. I won't ever be going back here again. Total waste of my money.
Bad...Can't belive they serve food COLD when it's hot dish. Would not recommend to anyone.
Wendy's is Wendy's.... The food is decent. The Frosty's are what I go for! This one in particular stands out because of the updated look and Coke remix machine.
No tellers. Really. Hire hire hire. Today 2 tellers. Yesterday At 4pm 1 teller. This bank really sucks. They have a greeter and plenty of personnel to open accounts and do loans. But no tellers. Really!
Nothing to write home about.  Okay burger.
I come here a lot. Like that they have cheap matinees and offer a variety at snack bar. Like that they have the automated ticket machines.
I almost lose a shoe every time I stop here, the floors are so sticky. \nThe customer service is typically good, but man... Indoors and out, they need to fork over for some power washers.
After seeing every steakhouse repeated from NYC we wanted something new so we settled on Cut. What a great experience.  The server was more knowledgeable then most I encounter in NYC. We went to order a particular cut of meat and the waiter said we would enjoy something better because it was to mineraly. Fantastic sevice, fantastic meal. Highly recommended.
The gentleman who built this operation has left... The owner and his daughter were apparently not the best of people.. I sure there are two sides to every story, however no two people can make food the same.. having said that.. GO TO PINKYS!!
whoot whoot whoot whoot whoot I'm a fan! now if only I can get my butt in her another time for some of that pizza! Run! don't walk
Rich is a life saver!! Best chiropractor ever. I've been struck in my vehicle 5x and I couldn't live without him!
Come see Rahul!!!!  He will hook you up! Very easy to person to work with.  A+ service!
I have several cars from different manufacturers but I always enjoy my experience at Cadillac LV, my service advisor Al Smith is always helpful and accommodating. I could not ask for more. My experience is much better than BMW Las Vegas and equivalent to Audi Henderson who are also exceptional.
Went to the tilted kilt 2 watch the 2014 nfl playoff games. The place was packed but I was seated,greeted and served within minutes. The $4 spicy bloody mary was fantastic. The ambiance was nice and so was the food. I recommend you try the bloody mary when u visit.
My experience wasn't very good.  I'd rather wear wooden teeth than go back.  I'm still walking around with a crown out of adjustment.  The staff was fine and professional but the dentist... I thought was very expensive for the quality of work.  Get a second opinion, shop around is my advice.
Meh! it's just OK. The fries were over cooked and the burger was just another burger. Nothing to write home about.
I used to love this place. My problem with this place is some staff there didn't know what they were doing. One in particular but im not one to drop names. The rest of the staff there are excellent. Maybe today was just a bad day but because of service i received it made me do a review.
Come for the happy hour! This place has got to be the BEST place to bring a first date.
Awesome environment, fresh coffee and an excellent breakfast burrito. and all-around winner!  Only a mile from my house. A definate regular for us. Great to see such high quality coffee in Phoenix
The chicken shwarma was moist however, the Lafa portion is too large for one person. The falafel taste was great but the batch was slightly over-fried. However, this place is good for a quick lunch.
Let's not forget the owner gave Newt Gingrich millions! Yeah that's right, Newt Gingrich. And needless to say the Encore is right next store and much much nicer.
This review is mainly for your fantastic bartender:  Katie.  We attended a party here on Friday evening and she really kept the attention and service at a level few bartenders are capable of achieving.\n\nShe was fast, engaging and professional.  We will return the next time we are in town.
Great food, great drinks and great service! I highly recommend Valle Luna!
The fun atmosphere and nice staff, plus a great room with an awesome view, can't make up for food poisoning from the America restaurant.  I didn't want to spend my vacation in the bathroom.  We will try a different hotel next time we go to Las Vegas.
The food sucks!! My husband well done steak was undercook.  The chicken soup smelled funny and tasteless. I have better papusas elsewhere for similar price.  The milk Guanabana was not even sweet.  Will go else for Honduras cuisine.
In the land of the $.99 buffet you would expect more than a bun with lettuce and a stale bag of chips for $15.00 .  Even at airport pricing you would expect more.  If any of their regular locations are as stingy as this location at the airport I will not be going here again.
Favorite sandwhich shop around work. $7.30 will fill you up. get the GRIT!
Having just returned from Japan, I came to here to compare. I didn't expect much but was keen to relive some Japanese dishes. Service was really slow. Staff were nice. Food was \"okay\".
Only got 2 snow peas in my salad :( but other than that the spicy chicken salad was delicious and the guy at the register was very friendly.
Waited 15 minutes for someone to even come and greet us and take our drink order.  Never a good experience here
This place is awesome.  Just keep the terrorist out so that they won't be able to learn to build a working nuclear device!  =)\n\nDeuce-out!
I went here to try there new sausage breakfast sandwich (hilshire)  It was good.  But for a combo about $8.00 I could have gone to Denny's or I hop and had a much better breakfast.  Over priced for a combo.  I will make my own frm now on.
If say 5 stars for the food in the context of AYCE sushi. \n\nHowever 3 stars for the service
Great food. Prices are moderate for the local Greek biz in the neighborhood.
Dont understand the rating food was very average.  Diner itself could use a good cleaning!
I am only giving 3 stars because their breakfast is the best! Lunch & dinner is slacking..not as gr8 as it use to be! Rolls were hard like rock..
Wonderful local Italian eatery.   Good variety menu.  We've tried several entrees and they are all great.   One of our favorites is the pastrami and swiss sandwich.   Best quality pastrami and an outstanding french roll!   All the servers are quite pleasant and efficient.   In short , we love this place.
I love this place!! So many candy choices! There are tons of bulk candy items and a great selection of jellybellies. I just wish there was one closer to my house!
Just the experience and service is amazing! Oh, and the food is great too! It has everything one would expect from an italian restaurant and yet, it's more than that!
This place was ok until the woman who rung us up approached our table while we were eating. She shows us the receipt saying she didn't charge us enough for drinks and demands the money hahaha! I understand this is a mom and pop establishment and they need every penny they can get, but honestly we found it very off-putting.
Everything here is great...you can't get anything bad! Tres leche cake is to die for. Service is great, food is great, drinks are great!
I have been using their services for a while now and every time they exceeded my expectations with both the time and quality. If you looking for a place to get your clothes adjusted to ensure PERFECT fit this is the place to go.
Two stars cause the salad was crisp. The chicken was terrible. They should use a higher quality of meat. The service was horrible. Somebody please tell me where i can get a good chicken bowl
not worth it, just stay away
Excellent place to eat! I stumbled upon this restaurant and it just happened to be their first day open. I was the second customer. Food was great and the service was perfect.
Simply amazing.
Visiting Arizona with our travel ball team. In between games we go to Mama Gina's to eat. We ask the manager to change to channel to basketball and he tells us \"only if you move all the kids from the table so we can sit other customers\". Very rude and we spent $500!
Their primrib is good. Live music one time I went, trivia the next. Pretty fun
It is fast and good
Great service, great food, great prices!!
Just as an FYI, this company is now going by the name ABM Appliance Repair, INC. Still the same crappy service just a \"new name\" to make their profile look better for the Home Warranty Company.
They messed up my order, and it took forever for them to bring out my order. Service was super slow (on a Thursday afternoon at like 3 PM...) I ended up having to ask for my food to-go with the receipt. Don't think I'd ever go again.
Went to  Devils Kitchen tonight they just opened after being closed for the summer. It was absolutely delicious we had hamburgers pizza and wings the waitress Shelley was superb.  Can't wait to go back.
My wife and I have been going here for a number of years. Great dentist and his wife also works as the dental hygienist. They care about their patients and treat us like family. I would highly recommend.
I wasn't feeling too well from blacking out the night before, but I had the veal chop for dinner and it was pretty satisfying.  Portions were really big, no one in our table finished their food, maybe because everyone was hung over sick with no appetite.  Service was excellent.
Great selection and variety of food. Great gelato selection.
the worse place I have ever been to. It is located inside a run down gas station. The place has a feel of Texas chainsaw massacre.  Inside, the place was equally horrific as the outside. There is no way I would send my dog there ever again.
This is a bit of a different setting, but competitive pricing to go along with my cucumber water, VERY thorough pedicure, and good massage offset the decor. The staff is friendly and professional and I don't think I've ever had a better pedi.
Not the greatest, but not the worst Chinese food. Not a big fan of the prices, but good portions.
When we got there the place was empty and the first thing the receptionist asks is if we have a reservation.  Really?  2 hour wait for our food and they seated us in the lounge. I guess we just didn't meet there high standards. Anyone else who wants to go there better impress the staff to start if they expect a nice evening.
Worst crust I've ever had.  Strange place.
Great atmosphere and fantastic selection of craft beers!
Glad we tried this place on our vacation, quick and friendly service. Bartender was super nice. My group tried the quesadillas, fish and chips and the Philly cheese steak. All were very delicious! Just wish the atmosphere was a little better..
Don't send your teenage daughters in to this place, they quoted them $ 10 and demanded $ 20, they use their lack of English skills to confuse and rip people off.
I agree with the other reviews that the sides are lacking, specially in flavor. Pork and brisket were surprisingly good and I really liked the chipotle BBQ sauce.
The service was good but their food wasn't. I had the duck dish and it tasted really rubbery and dry. \nMy husband had the seafood combo and it also tasted rubbery. We both ended up feeling sick the next day.\n\nDon't eat here, unless you want to get sick.
A good pub close to Myers Park Country Club. Packed on the weekends with a lot of fratty people, but still a good vibe.
Delicious food. Filet cooked to perfection, difficult to do when you order rare. Their oysters are so good we had a second order for dessert! Service was great and very helpful. It can get loud, but is a fun atmosphere.
I wish I would have pissed away the money I paid for tickets on gambling!
Had a late lunch outdoors on the square. Our food was good and our server was great.
I got about 14 of us together from work to come here. It was great! The food was great, service was great and prices are great!!! I will come here many more times!
My boyfriend took me here on our first date and coincidentally also when he asked me to be his girlfriend, and we've come here for every significant date since. The ambiance is perfect, good music, great decor. Drink menu is good and beer list is superb. Appetizers are a must.
IMO, I think this is a great ballpark.  I think so mostly because they have miller chill in a can.  Angels fans flock to this ballpark to watch a game, and enjoy some time in the sun.  You'll only see me here if they are playing the cubs, but I look forward to my next visit.
I went here because I was told they served the best mushroom cheeseburger in the area.  So that is what I ordered.  It was good but not spectacular.   Atmosphere was nothing that special but it was clean.
Line to order lunch at 1:30pm was 10:00 minutes. Service was working hard just that a lot of orders and take out.    Once order it was ready quickly. We had the double gyro plate which was a large lunch. No shortage of meat. I found it to be very tasty.
This is a small tri shop that has everything you need. The selection is small but the staff will most likely be able to get you anything you need or tell you where to go so you don't get ripped off. The staff are so incredibly helpful and friendly. I liked this place so much that I joined the team!
The atmosphere is hip, several equipment choices so you never get bored, and lots of great classes for all fitness levels.
Formerly Pat Thai...still the best Thai food in Henderson hands down! In fact, it's my favorite in the entire valley. Great place to get real authentic cuisine in an establishment offering that \"mom & pop\" feel...
good customer service. food was okay. their 'fried saimin' was tasty, however, instead of saimin noodles, they used a thin chow mein type noodles. i hope they research more into hawaiian food because some of the desciptions in the menu of classic island food were wrong.
Tried ist once again & still Not happy. \nTiny tiny boba Drink. \nBurger is ok. Nothing Special. Better then Mc d but Too expensive. \nStill Prefer BLT @ Mirage & Burger Place @ mandalay Place.
Different person working today. Still couldn't get the order right. STILL sucks. Still.
Customer service was great. Very sweet people. My only complaint would be my NAILS. I went here to get my nails done ( gel manicure) and 3 days later my nails lifted and completely peeled off. Not going back.
The Mirage is one of my favorite places to stay in las Vegas. It's a little older, but still nice and very convenient! The air quality at the casino isn't so nice, but smoke doesn't really bother me anyways. Friendy staff.
I had hoped for more.  The service was OK. Not great. The food was also OK, not great. This got a 28 Zagat rating and I have no idea how. I would try it one more time and my wife would not. So we are not going back. Even the bread was bad. Blah.
This place is awful.  Wanted Pork Quesadillas but was told they don't make them even though it was on the menu.
Good food! Kinda loud with the table TVs though.Garlic knots are awesome!
Worst MCdonalds ever, if i could give zero i would. Super slow and irresponsible workers.
I love this family run coffee shop. The service is great, coffee and food is delish, and the inside inspires me to be productive. I love that they take advantage of wall space and feature artists. I can't wait to go back and sit next to the fire. Check it out, Big Dog knows what's up.
I wouldn't recommend this place if you're looking for a bar. I had four drinks in two hours along with dinner and the waitress cut me off. I was no where closed to being even buzzed. Was really offensive. Wouldn't come back unless I sat at the bar directly.
For an Anthem restaurant this place isn't too bad. The food & drinks are good but seemingly a little overpriced. Service is always great. Very loud inside.
Atmosphere is great. Service was good. The food left much to be desired. The margarita chicken was dry and had little flavor. The ribs were worse. The texture was strange and they were tasteless. I was really disappointed since the atmosphere is so neat.
Outstanding. I always go back when I'm visiting Madison. Try the spinach salad. If you don't want beef, the pork is amazing.
Love this place. So relaxing and welcoming. I usually go to Starbucks because I'm often in my laptop but this place beats Starbucks in overall atmosphere and they also have free wifi:)!
The best cupcakes in town!!!  Always fresh and delicious.  If I need a cake I may have to order from Showboy.
Good but too pricey for what you get.
The portions were slightly small, despite the high price, but very tasty. The hostess and waitress seemed to have some type of foreign object up their hind quarters all night but the bartender was outstanding. I've seen better bathrooms in a aircraft carrier. Nice place but not worth the price.
I got a groupon to try this place before I went to hawaii. I am super fair skinned and knew to go easy.  I found the staff helpful and sweet.  I love that there are a ton of different levels of beds and they are all clean and well cared for.  I went often for a month and will go back for sure.
Absolutely love this shop. I have 3 tattoos done by Steve & one of them is a cover up. Everyone there is very talented in their own way. Very professional, positive vibes, & good music. Nothing but good things to say about this shop!!
Bad customer service, horrible front desk, low quality rooms. Was visiting on business. Once the police showed up I requested a refund and checked out immediately. I will not return to a Quality inn  11/8/2014
Open late for drunk feasting!  Each time I have gone, there was a wait, but it's not too bad. I have ordered the dat biet pho and the chicken pho.  They were both good.  Egg rolls were typical.
The food is good, but am I buying a teriyaki bowl, or a used car? So many add ons raise the price to the point that it makes me want to go elsewhere. Brown rice is less expensive than white, so why does it cost fifty cents more here?
Good food, good prices and VERY fast delivery.  The food is always fresh and the egg rolls are really good!
Wonderful! The signature burger & Mac dish, fruit Tea were excellent, great service right up there with Bachi burger
Went for my birthday was happy with the short ribs I ordered, creative and trendy menu.
A while back the two Marigold owners started a seemingly Madison revolution in cuisine and I've loved going ever since.  I love the care they take with the food and the fun and friendly atmosphere.  If only it weren't so chaotic and crowded, but why should I think such a great place wouldn't get noticed?
I love this place because, unlike it's less desirable, older-fat-sister of a counterpart I don't have to go through 3 elevators, 5 hallways, & 2 bridges (?) just to get to my room.
Supposed to open at 7am. Still waiting outside the door at 730am. Ridiculous!  I will not be back to this location,  ever.
This place rocks!  Great fish and great prices and the people working there make your experience fun.  Ask D for his secret monkey ball roll or ask for the off-menu garlic edamame!
I must go into detail and raise my rating of this hotel. It is absolutely perfect. The staff is perfect and I have had about 10 stays here and it just gets better and better. The Wynn, The Hotel, and the Four Seasons need to come and take note of what true 5 star quality is. You will not be disappointed.
This is the best Asian Buffet by far.  They even have prime rib and crab legs on the weekend.\n\nMy only complaint, make sure you get there well before anytime close to closing.  When they are close to closing time, they don't fill the buffet with much new food.
They seem to conveniently be out of compact cars every time I've been here.  They suck.
I am a big fan of this place. Drinks are priced fairly. Food is good for being a bar. Only downfall is sometimes the service tends to lack, and the only reason is because its usually very busy. Otherwise I like this place compared to all the other bars in the area.
There is a consistent bad smell in the meats/cheese area. The rancid smell is obvious and they lack proper ventilation. Can management do everything about it?
This is our go to place when we want a quick breakfast. Food is good, service is good and environment is casual. Our server, Travis, was very friendly and inviting. Best service by far.  (And we come here often)
This Copps is near my work.  What can you say, it's part of a huge grocery chain.  They have a decent selection of beer and wine at good prices...the reasons I stop here on my way home.  It can get really busy after work, especially on Fridays.
If I could give this zero stars I would I was completely disappointed it was not scary way overpriced will never do it again
Just had an amazing beef quesadilla and an awesome  chicken tamale with a verde mole.  Both were fantastically delicious.  This stall in the Pittsburgh Public Market delivers authentic eats at an extremely fair price. I will be back again, again, again and again.
I have tried a lot of Pizza places in my life. and other then the pizza that I get from where I grew up. This pizza is by far the best I have had since then.\n\nIf you haven't had them yet, I strongly suggest you do.\n\nYou won't be disappointed.
This place has great pizza. I have been there twice while passing through Gila Bend. The place is clean and uncramped. Service is good and friendly.
CLOSED several months ago.  Now another restaurant, named \"Aroma\".
I have been checking on this place for the last couple weeks, first there was a sign on the door, \"Temporarily closed, come back later\"  Not a good sign.  Stopped again today, letter from the city showing is is shut down.  What a shame, were did my favorite waitresses go???
So disappointing for the price. I would pick the Habit fast food restaurant or even Carls jr over this place. If it wasn't as expensive I would say it's bearable. Trust me you can do better than this place for the money.
My morning routine! Love this place, the staff and if course the coffee!! Live that Dutch Bro's are all drive through but seriously the staff are so fun and friendly it really helps start my day right!
This place has been like my second home. Their rooms are huge and bathroom has a jacuzzi tub. Staff is always very friendly. Great place to stay in Arizona.
Recommended homestyle neighborhood dining.
LOVE IT!\n\nMushroom soup and mushroom ravioli is AMAZING!!!\n\nAlways stop here in Vegas!
Good Food....The Part-Time Hostess Is Awesome....
Good coffee, fair food. I found a hair in my haggis patty. The folks were overwhelmed by the numbers of customers during the festival, but kept their senses of humor amidst the panic. Nice, funky, homey atmosphere.
Boyfriend and I went to this for date night. Such a cute and friendly enviroment! Highly recommend. However, we waited awhile for our waitress to reappear but she was super friendly and helpful! Loved this place!
Fast sushi average, but nothing bad.
Good customer service. Decent food. Price is right. Carne asada tacos were great. Margaritas a little on the sweet side but surely did the trick. I would recommend, especially compares to other restaurants in the area.
Rooms were nice and spacious, very clean, across the street is a 24 hour walgreens so if you need anything you can get it at anytime. A lot of beggers in this area around the streets and on the bridges though.
I needed pants HEMMED for my grandfathers funeral and she wanted to charge me $32!!!! I said please these are just pants and she said that because they r wide hemmed that it'd be $32. Unless you have money to throw away I'd stay clear
I purchase some things here. It is a great store, but a little to pricey for my frugal everyday shopping. Only 3 stars because after several years of shopping here, they still cannot seem to get price labels on the shelves. This is one of the worst stores for price tags. They really do need a detail oriented price coordinator.
I had Thanksgiving dinner there in Nov. 2013. Worse turkey I have ever had!!! I would never have a holiday dinner there again
Large facility was part of the tradeshow for info comm. fits a lot of people and easy transportation
Good food, good service, and reasonably priced compared to the other Belagio restaurants. I had the fried rice with barbecue pork, and it was very good. Also had the tempura shrimp which I liked as well. We easily got in without a reservation on a Thursday night. I would go back.
I wish I had discovered this place sooner! I love that it is truly healthy food AND it's delicious.
Not the best Chinese restuarant on the Strip.  Food was okay tasting and overpriced.  Presentation is good and decor is nice.  Nice looking atomsphiere for dinner but food is better at other places and priced better.
Great subs lots of food. Italian stallion was great. Small ma and pa deli, you won't be disappointed.
Someone needs to alert corporate.  I show up on a Friday 6pm. 3 guys, yes I said 3 guys, are working the bar.  Not a tilted Kilt girl can be found behind the bar.  So many other options in Pitt for a good bar.
love the bellinis & eggplant shrimp!
Went on the website and it said it opens at 11am. Checked yelp it says 1130, had a groupon for this place waited more than 30 min no one checked on us. Guy comes out doesn't even acknowledge us and leaves continues talking with his friend. Terrible service!!
Swirls is a great rest stop in the middle of your Christmas shopping!! Great location in the food court at Fashion Square...such a friendly staff, and the best yogurt in town!!! A must stop!!!! Highly recommend
Came in on a Thursday from out of town and loved it! Great tunes, great games and alright drinks. The drinks were pretty pricey but I guess it's a club so it's to be expected. We will most definitely be back!
I could not move once I got into the freakin club.I've been to clubs that are packed but this was just ridiculous.the music is good here but ppl kept pushing me and I had to keep pushing them back! i prefer tao beach please.
Big beers, peanuts and a decent breakfast?  Enough said..
First time calling! was right on time. Kids almost fainted when they seen the giant 24\" lol. Had to cut there slice in four haha. Garlic knots are best ive had around here.
Some of the best you can get in Phoenix.  Great falaffel & schwarma.  Very consistent.  Always good.
This is the best Thai food I've found in Phoenix, and I've been to Thailand several times. Spice level \"hOt\" is just right. My nose is running :-) Green curry has great crunchy veggies, Thai tea is nice and lunch specials are under $10.
This is the best place to have lunch in Vegas on the strip. The Steak and fries is all you need.
Terrible service. Not a busy night and the waitress took for ever to take out orders. Waitress did not no what alcohol was served. Waitress was rude, owner was rude.
Service was slow.my wife's champaign had a bug in it. Fried rice was not fried. Kung po chicken had no flavor or spice. We might as well have gone to panda express. 100$ dinner worth $10
Another Extraordinary dining experience @ Spago. Finally tried the meatloaf....Wow. Mom didnt make it like this :-) I love this place.Great service by Tom Kehoe, a Cubs fan no less.
Beautiful hotel and grounds.  Rooms could use updating  though, and for some reason there are no coffee makers in the rooms or bath robes.  \nLots of activities, but the rooms fall short
Dragonfly Tea Company provided tea for the latest Local First Arizona event. Their tea was fabulous and the owner, Holly, is such a great person. She is very knowledgeable about tea and I am excited to visit her shop very soon. I highly recommend this business.
Went to this place for dinner after reading reviews here. Food was over rated and bland.
I have gotten ok service whenever you can get it.  Made several appointments and whenever I show up no one knows about it...  Waste of time!
Great old fashioned breakfast, nothing fancy just good ol' stick to your ribs grub. Good people working there to... I'm a regular now for sure.
My boyfriend and mines favorite hotel to stay in Vegas!  We like the new, renovated rooms. We like the casino and the restaurants in the hotel are yummy, especially Wolfgang's and Diego's!  Can't wait to go back!
We hired them to clean my elderly parents home. They were resistant to have strangers come in. The crew were very nice to them and my folks were thrilled by the results.
Fun, affordable & delicious. A bit loud for the older set but great music, free shots, and more food than you can eat. Family of 4 ate for less than $50.
Food was almost tasteless, but cheap. The environment is fine, nice design, but service is almost inexistent. Cocktails are made out of pre-mixed convenience products. I probably won't come back.
Good - open 24 hours\nBad -   The music was angry just like the employee. My smoothie was made wrong and he tried charging me to fix it after speaking down to me.\nGo to Town Square instead!
Been to this place once for dinner. The food was amazing and clean and fresh the environment was good too. \nOnly one thing don't really like is price too high for chinses good :(\nBut food so delicious no doubt
Try the mint yogurt drink...
Absolutely terrible! Worse service ever! Kept me on hold forever! Finally gave up and ordered on line. Food showed up cold and burnt! Don't recommend! Don't waste your money! Go someplace else...
*Note: Order what you definitely want as the serving is HUGE!!! If you can't eat HUGE servings...you can DEFINITELY share it as it can feed 2 people!\n\nI love everything in the menu... it always give me a tough decision when ordering.
I love this place and consider it a must-stop whenever I'm in Montreal.  It's got good music, inexpensive drinks, free snacks, and is usually not too packed.  A great place to go and just hang out with friends.
...At first glace, the soup at Pho Bang New York was dark and murky that went from transparent clean-cut, all business soup up top, to cloudy, mysterious and all party near the bottom - I present to you, the Soup Mullet...
Very good food, but a bit overpriced.
The egg roll was awful-very greasy. The Kung bao shrimp was unlike any we had ever seen. It was very tasteless. The eggplant with shrimp and pork had a lot of flavor and a large portion. The prices were very high for take out. We won't be going back.
Over priced really bad Thai food.  Don't waste your time even trying it.  We were at the grocery store and walked out and decided to give it a try.  The soup was lukewarm.  Most of the vegetables weren't even cooked.  For what we ended up paying there and what we got we will never go back.
Love this place so yummy n very good service and clean love taking my family here and friends !!!!!
MDR  was terrific.  I had two cracked windsheilds in two weeks and they were quick and helped with the insurance claim.
First plate of hash browns, smoked sausage, quiche were cold. No waffles to be found, but staff member had a plate full. French toast tasted like propane. Waitress was friendly and good service. Will not return for breakfast.
Small portions, high price, low flavor.... If you dont know how to cook asian dont... Better off for the ramen at saka-ba!
Rick is the best bartender in AZ!  Food is delicious and the restaurant has great ambience.  Entry says Breakfast and Brunch, but I recommend dinner...
One of the best buffets on the strip. I like the tomato shots. Bone marrow delicious. A lot of good variety and very decent tasting. Ice cream bar to top it off with elegant flavors not just the generic flavors.
Food is decent and the fun factor is better. When most of the good ticket games are more than 3 credits, which is about a dollar, having fun here can cost alot of dough.
Fantastic hotel, with nice, clean comfortable rooms. The fitness center is outstanding. Refrigerators in every room. The hotel rooms are in a large circular ring, with a nice sitting area in the middle. Only bad part is it's so close to the airport there is a bit of noise.
Actually pretty good sushi for airport food that is.  I guess that my standards or expectations are lower given that it's in North Carolina and in the airport and we're talking sushi not barbeque.  The CLT was spicy, very hot, which is the way I like it.
This Walmart is doing better than it was a year or so ago.  Things have been quite satisfactory here for a while now, so it's time to scoot them up to 3 Stars.     :-)
Having only been here once, and while it was super slow, I can't really give a full review.  However, I will say, the beyond meat option is fantastic, and makes for a yummy sandwich :)
Great Beer selection! Food was fantastic. Chorizo sandwich and Amy's salad. Fresh and fast.
Nice ambience but hate the vegetarian food .. Specially the veg patty.. Tasteless and cold .. Felt like they just look out do deep freeze and did not heat up properly .. Also the food was served after 40 min !!! I love the other Ohso location but disappointed with this 1
Over priced and over rated! Will not return here again.  Service was great and the place was really small. Definitely not authentic Thai food of which I was hoping for:/
Excellent. Had a great tuna sandwich.
Great Bagels!   Owner is real deal.  13 bagels for $10 great deal.
Its a big movie theater and i went to go see bad teacher opening weekend, but i was in the smallest theater ever i think that they should have given it a bigger theater.
Good rooms but be sure to get a room that does not face the school - heavy truck traffic and garbage trucks loading/unloading Bailee's all night
My husband bought a wallet from this Tag Heuer boutique.  We've never seen one before and after quickly looking online, we noticed there aren't many boutiques in North America.  \n\nThis boutique is well run by the manager here and the other sales associates just need to be a little more familiar with their products.
Fancy and expensive. I enjoyed the cuisine but not the tab. The experience was appreciated; service was up to par.\n\nIt's a great restaurant if you want to pay the price for foie gras & sparkling water.
This place is death on a plate. The buffet served like warm food. The hibachi raw meats were warm and slimy. The manager just shrugged his shoulders and said ah well. I then puked in the parking lot. NASTIEST PLACE EVER!
Pepperoni was spot on.  Cheese and crust are both very New York Style.  Best pizza I've had in Phoenix.  Love me some Grimaldi's!
Food is good, service is bad.  Have been here twice...both times our order was screwed up.  The second time we received no apology.  Wait staff is reactive instead of proactive.  Food is decent but expect more for the money.  I really wanted to like this place but I have been given too many reasons to go elsewhere.
Great place to take family. My kids love this place. So many different paths to go on. So much to do and see. Very relaxing and educational.  Never the same usually there is something different every time we go.
walking around streets of New York.  always worth a visit
This place is completely amazing service was great food was even better!! I finally had the red velvet pancakes and let me tell you it was everything I was hoping it would be, if you are wanting a great experience definitely check this place out.
We use Fender Amps and Fender Sound Systems whenever we can. The Fender Passport series is fantastically great for small to medium venues for weddings and parties. Never had a problem. The prices are right for different wattage/voltage power versions.
The food is good, but the service is lacking.  Also, the side of guacamole is tiny.
Stopped by to check it out after great reviews. Yelp says they open at 7:00 AM; we sat there until 7:10 and they still weren't open. Bummed...
This is a great baby boutique store.  The owner gave us a great demonstration of the cloth diapers and the baby carrier.  I can't wait to find out the sex and register at her store.  I love always giving back to local boutiques.
I agree with the two other reviews above. I ordered 3 Giness drafts and my bill was $21.. $7 a beer is outrageous! I live across the street and I will not be returning.
Very slow service. There was no one in the restaurant and it still took 1.5 hrs for lunch. Maybe nobody showed up for work. Food was ok, but very slow service mired the experience.
Cute disposable clothing.  Overpriced at full price with good sales.  Most items intended for a young clientele, small sizes, not tailored. Attentive staff.
OMG!\nThe cashier doesn't even said hi to you!\nDoesn't she realized that we are the ones who paid her paycheck? From now on I think is worth to drive to Scottsdale to a different car wash then headaches here in f hills in this place!
If you want to pay 15 bucks for a dish that tastes like a lean cuisine than go ahead. My fianc\u00e9 was ok with his steak but I was not impressed with the chicken I got. Not crowded at all. Service was good.
Best breakfast place in the West Island. Large portions, great service, and friendly staff. The place is always completely full, so my wife and I usually go early to beat the crowd.
I just had my dog groomed there this morning. He has been seeing Lis for years. I will NOT have any other groomer touch my Bichon baby. Please check her out she is great. She handles him with care and he always comes out looking beautiful.
The level of privileged white guilt that comes with comparing Nobu unfavorably to Uchi and Uchiko in Austin is almost as disappointing as the actual meal.
Games look pretty fun but there's always a group playing or waiting to play so patience is key. Food ranges from good to great. Not a fan of the drink prices but perhaps that's being nit picky (or cheap!). Try visiting when it's cooler outside while wearing a jacket so you can minimize crowds.
Great atmosphere, delicious fresh food!
Most Chinese food in this town sucks ass.  This is awesome.
Just AWFUL. Please take my advice, don't even give it a chance. Like I did. Major-HUGE mistake. Awful coffee. Awful pancakes. And just the most awful service!
We love the Fez and haven't been here enough.  We did a birthday for my Wife there a number of years ago and other get togethers.  Always busy with good service.
Wow this placed surprised me ! I loved the carne asada torta  and the strawberries and  creme dessert was deliciousssssss! Oh and  the customer service is on point!
Good sandwiches, and desserts.
Grade: C\n\nClassic cheap, greasy breakfasts. Good service. I just can't get all that excited about eggs.
Just a run of the mill Subway. Ate there last week and noticed a good size cockroach run under the chip rack.\n\nI don't think I will be back...
Nice people, and obviously an inter-generational success story but . . . pretty bad, totally gringo-ized food. Light on spices, heavy on grease and goopy sauce. Is this what passes for good Mexican food in Arizona?
Steak Tartar was delicious. View and service were awesome as expected. My only concern was that it was very hard to hear in the enclosed dining area, though the music was not loud. I think it was the fact that it room is glass enclosed. I will be going back to work my way through the menu.
Wow, I'm full!  The food is varied and pretty good.  I think I will be a frequent flyer here. The crab legs alone makes it worth it. Fresh oysters ( not very big, but fresh ). Yes, do try this place.
I don't even know why I decided on this place knowing how the Promenade Cafe is. This is probably one of the crappist buffets that you can go to in this area. Really just find somewhere else to eat.
Service is incredible. Every time we come we get a free treat like cookies or strawberries to show they care. Smiling staff and great food make this place worth the stop!
went here for brunch and they failed me.  it was overpriced food that tasted like cardboard! they couldnt even make it up in their service department.\n\nFAIL
Love my gym!!! Working out!!!
Good large selection of items.  Very nice, helpful folks.  However, the cheeky mouse that kept running out while we were checking out will insure that we only eat pre-packaged items.
JUST ordered, the guy on the phone laughed when I told him my last name, gave me attitude when I was ordering. Got my food, everything was soggy and old. Took one bite now I'm driving back to return my food.
Ate here two nights in a row as I was staying at the hotel with a business group.  While a little understaffed service was friendly and beyond efficient.  The menu was enjoyed by all and I can whole hartedly recommend.  Ask for the bar menu to have even more choices.
Delicious appetizers! Try the ahi nachos with mango habenero dressing.  Additionally, their pumpkin soup is KILLER! Love me some Bobby Flay.
This is no longer Francis and Son's car wash. I walked into this place and tried to use my Groupon and the cashier told me it is no longer Francis and Sons anymore. I had to pay full price for my car wash. It would have been helpful for them to post new management signs outside so a customer can know what to expect.
I walked in there today prepared to buy a motorcycle for my son walked around 10 people looked at me not even one person said hello hi good morning anything I walked out I will buy a motorcycle elsewhere
I use to go here all the time when they were at the old location on Litchfield and Bell and the food was spectacular. Since the move, the food quality and service has gone downhill. I honestly wouldn't recommend.
The food is always so fresh and tasty. the service is awesome! My lil one and i are regulars. We love you five and diner on southern ave!
What a great Bar! So much fun to sit at and the Strawberry Basil Mohito is to die for!
Delicious sushi and yummy cocktails.  We have tried at least 3 or 4 places on the strip that serve sushi, and this is our favorite.  Plus, it's fun to people watch all the people ready to go to the nightclub next door.
Super great people and great mom/pop breakfast joint. Enjoyed their chicken fried steak & corn beef hash.
Judy Moore and her team offer beautiful and affordable jewelry. They are experts in the jewelry world and can guide you to the perfect gift for a loved one or yourself. I highly recommend them!
Really fresh fish. Salmon was delicious. Service wasn't too good and it is pricey.
Great place to eat BBQ when you are in Old Town Scottsdale.  Get the BBQ Express.  I had the Hot Links and Pulled Pork delicious.  What a great find a real jewel in the desert.  I will definitely be back.
I ordered the fish tacos, and they were VERY bland. It was like eating air, accept that I paid for it. The waiter was super friend and on top of things though!
Great place to grab a good sandwich.  I was surprised they used brie, water cress, roasted red pepper, eggplant, and arugula among other unique ingredients.  Seinfeld is playing on the TV along with a live webcam of NYC.  Very unique place with very unique ingredients.  Love it!!
I'm sorry. The only thing I liked was the coffee.
I had no idea this place existed. We met friends there for dinner (their choice). It's a little dive looking today, but I'l sure it was awesome about 10 years ago. The service was okay and the food was okay, but I don't think I'll ever be back.
Horrible Service - Waiters stand in the corner and chat rather than refill drinks.
Another really cheap eat, a little divey, but the staff is nice. \nThey are not cheap with the meat and the taste is great. \nThe burritos are huge and the quesadillas great.
Rude unhelpful staff, difficult parking, actual rooms are across the street in another building (which they don't tell you,  they just just let you wander the casino till you get in line again) Seriously ready to drive back to Los Angeles or maybe find a motel 6... It might be classier
I was not a fan. There are better cupcakes in town.
Super good and not expensive at all! Sitting at the bar is also fun as you can see them making everything! Plus, our waiter offered my boyfriend and I a tequila shot after our meal! Really cool :)
Eek! Methinks not. My ears are still ringing from the unbelievable scene that unfolded when I told the guy his place sucked. It is a place to have drink and not much else. This place sucked when it was Ruby Tuesday, it sucked when it was Sucker Punch Sally's, and it still sucks.
HORRIBLE COMPANY!   Went to a party where they used one of their bounce houses.  Even after being paid they came and insisted on taking the bounce house early.  Very rude people.   Would never do business with them...
With Walmart being so big, they lack customer service. Pressed for assistant more than 3x at the fabric section and no one showed up. They just keep losing sales over and over. Will it ever get better??!!!! Such a disappointment.
I was at the bar playing max bets and got my bill and was charged full price for my drinks?  Nothing comped.  Left as an unhappy customer.You would think blowing a couple hundred buck at video poker would at least comp me a few drinks.  Nope.
Bartender service is supposed to be fast and attentive.  At the bar and he decided to read the paper instead of pay attention to anyone. Blah.
After my bad service experience at Girasole, the manager apologized and compensated me for my troubles. I would definitely go back, considering that the unfortunate situation I encountered was out of the norm for this usually friendly, cozy restaurant.
I had such a great experience there!  I was in town for a family reunion and looking for things to do besides gamble. I found this store and just fell in love with everything in it. I definitely recommend this store to anyone visiting Las Vegas!!!
I give this place two stars. One star per piece of hair I found in my gross goat coconut dish.
This was ok.  I really didn't see anything special about the food other than nice presentations.  There were four of us and we ordered many different things and I don't remember thinking one of them was anything spectacular.
40 bucks for a below par buffet for 2.  Everything was overcooked.  Our server was attentive.  And refilled our drinks and got us what we asked for.  I think that we may have been early for the dinner service, but overall it wasn't a great dinning experience.
Pretty good pizza! A little pricey but you get a decent amount for the money. Other people have mentioned Jet's and for whatever reason I prefer it's pizzas (the smaller square ones) to Luisa's.
It has been how many Saturdays that probably they are so busy , they hang up the phone and when we went there to order, the sales person said it was because he was busy. Maybe they don't want customers anymore? Ordered chicken at Glass Nickel after that.
Was very happy with the customer service, the grooming & the place was very trendy & spotless. Plus they gave a great discount for the first grooming. my dog was very happy!
This place is awesome.  I brought my 2007 Jeep Cherokee because my brakes were making a squeezing noise.  The owner said that I just need back brakes and my front brakes had another 15k miles on them.  I will not go to another place.  If I had brought my car to another shop, they would have told me to change the front brakes too.
had New York steak they cubed it and fried it in a wok. If i had filet mignon I would have been even more pissed. should have been called beef and vegetables with rice, at half the price.
So far, so good. it feels like I'm back in NYC in here. The styles are similiar and the staff are attentive and skilled. They have my business.
This place is a must for tourist and locals alike!  The Fireside Lounge is ideal for playing kissy face on a date night.  If you are bringing the family, then eat in the main dining room.\n\nGreat late night dining!
Good place to party. They have a nice balcony area where you can cool off if and when it gets too hot. The music is good but it gets a little cramped at times. Warning: do not throw up in the bathroom because they will kick you out even if you spend lots of $$$$$$ for a table. :-(
The menu in the store is nothing like the one online, standard fast food Greek fare, nothing special. Very disappointing.
Terrible. Overpriced, even for Vegas standards and the food is plain. The taquito appetizer was worse than Mexican food you buy in the refrigerator aisle at your local grocery store. Save your money and go to chipotle instead. The food is better, fresher and less expensive.
Too bad this place is now closed :( They had really good chai and frozen coffee drinks.... They will be missed
Steve did an awesome job fixing the dent on my Mercedes this morning, it came out perfect! he also came within a half hour of calling him, me and my husband will definitely use him again if needed.
This place is great to watch any type of sporting event. Bartenders are very attentive - food and drinks come quickly.  The food is not something I will look forward to again, but I go for the drinks, stay for the service and while I'm there, I eat the food. Two star deduction for OK food.
Clean, great service, great smiles, and the cooks know when it's time to take it off the grill... Eating breakfast starting my Saturday with a great Denny's start thank you.
Right next to Las Vegas airport. Great location if you are coming or leaving.\n\nThe food was very good and the service was average. Basically a nice restaurant for dinner.
Read wonderful reviews on Yelp. Placed reservation on Open Table. Received confirmation. Arrived at restaurant on time. Restaurant closed!!?! Now sure why...
Great food ... Excellent service ...family own ... lots of aloha love ...
This branch is closed but the st-denis one still open
Good BBQ! Better than famous daves. Best brisket ive ever had.
We frequent Brocach on Monroe St. often. Some of our favorite aspects of it are its ample seating and tasty food. The children's menu is fantastic, too--with the Maxburger being their favorite entree.
Quinn's on a Monday night was absolutely dead.  Heavy metal music didn't seem to fit with the Irish Pub theme.  On top of that the food was pretty bad.
One of the best indian food Ive had. Even better, its all you can eat. The garlic naan is delish! Every item in the buffet line was delish and fresh! Only Indian restaurant I visit in AZ.
Favorite go to place for Japanese\nHunting for items on wall is a good time\nDont know how it compares to Japan but seems damn close to it. \nLittle bit of a wait but not what I thought.  30 minutes for four on Sat 7PM\nCHEAP!!
food here is WAY TOO EXPENSIVE. $10.75 for pad se ew?! the portions are not even big. don't think i will be coming back for their overpriced mediocre food. back to my quest for a great Thai place.
Some of the best gyros I have tasted, at least here in America. \nWhen ever I visit Madison, this is one the places I must eat at. \nThis place is perfect to line your tummy after a night of drinking.\nThis place hits the spot and can be a very fun place too.
Don't even waist your time going anywhere else.. Buttermilk and apple fritter . Yummmm but honestly they are all amazing .
Good burger but nothing special. Abundant fries. Proprietor grumpy, dive location, and no restroom (even to wash my hands before eating) dropped my review from 4 stars to 3. Clean but shabby. Lots of shake flavors and other fried foods we didn't try.
$7 Reverse Happy Hour, yes, please!  Awesome drinks and a great value for your money!!
I definitely enjoyed my first visit here. I did not stay in the hotel but had dinner here twice and gambled. Next time I plan on staying here.
Great place to have fun & party and get drunk... Bad place to eat!!! Food was so bland & plain.. Like some bad ass Mexican bar food!
Maybe the Best Pizza in Vegas
Very good chinese food. We had soup, rice and noodles and everything was very good. service was quick and pleasant although somewhat businesslike. Prices were cheap too (less than $ 30 for lots of food that we had to take home). I'd come here again.
One of my faves groceries store. Make sure you go to the back of the store to get the $.99 cents coconut milk. The front ones costs more. Just a tip.
Bah.  This place is geared towards children.  I felt weird sitting at this place.  Like I was expecting HBO cupcakes and I ended up with Disney channel cupcakes.\n\nThe flavors were eh but the whole vibe just made me feel like I was too old to enjoy a cupcake.  :/
Excellent service very friendly people might close never looked better thanks sunset drycleaner
Started going here last year when my previous guy was unavailable. Sean and Polo are the best. Best haircut I have ever had. Not even close...You will not be disappointed.  I recommend making an appointment.
racist.   foods good but service was rediculously rude, unattentive and clearly racist. *Note: this is for the Famous Dave's on Sunset.
I reached corporate back then and they were responsive to my whistle blowing. So I'm revisiting and adjusting the rating once more - which I should have done it earlier
Definitely had better dimsum elsewhere! The dimsums were not hot and they were bland. Waving down servers was not fun either. To be honest, i don't even know the names of the dimsums i get but i get very American-Chinese food and it wasn't impressive.
Very nice cozy place. Friendly.  Krystal is the best!
My experence was ok ... it wasnt the best to die for sushi but the reson why i gave it 3 stars is the service...
I usually come to this location when I am pulling through the drive through ATM. On a few occasions the outdoor ATM has been out of order and I have had to use their indoor one. Standard location with good parking and location.
Consumer alert... rats!
SOLID SOLID SOLID. Service beats zoyo any day! Amazing crew, amazing selection. Cheers!
Been there a few times in the morning and afternoon. Good place to sit with a coffee or iced tea and work or job search with your laptop, with nobody bothering you. Staff seems friendly. In other words, it's a Starbucks.
SAS staff is always VERY nice.  They recognize their regulars.  Some days the cupcakes are dry but its usually hit or miss with that.  I can understand that its not easy keeping them moist if they have been out for a few hours.  The red velvet is to die for.  My kids love the place.
1) Bad barely warm food\n2) Luckily little seafood as frankly the length of time some of the food out there was suspect\n3) Vegetarian options include chips, rice, noodles, omelette and one vegetable dish \n\nHorrible food. Won't be back.
Good food just a lot of it also. \nNo wonder America is so fat
Not what I expected and won't go back. \n\nWent for an adjustment and left with more pain than what I went in with.  Said it would go away and has not after several months.  During the adjustment he snapped my neck so badly that I now have less rotation than before.
Dropped by 15 minutes before closing. Super nice folks there.  Had the pumpkin desert crepe (delicious) and some georgia peach tea (also great).  Definitely going back to try breakfast or lunch.
mold in the bathtub, smell of mold. horrible place. I would rather stay in my car next time.
Very helpful people and yummy kettle corn!  You can tell they genuinely care about making a super high quality product.  Thank you!
Went here for the first time on Saturday night . I'm from out of state  wasn't sure what to expect. I'll tell you what  very friendly atmosphere. The food I had was great it was beef mushroom ale pie . The beef melted in your mouth. The Waiter was very friendly and helpful. I would definitely go back
Favorite Pho ever!  I love this place!  The iced tea is amazing!  The service was great too!  I highly recommend it!
The rooms are good sized,  and well decorated. The beds are kind of hard, and there were not enough pillows for my taste. The staff is professional and helpful.  I'd say this is a 4 star hotel at a 3 star price. I would stay here again.
10 m sitting down then someone come and offer me the water\nAnother 10 minutes go bye no one comes to take my order\nMy roommate love this place I personal I think they don't know how the business
These guys disappeared and we never saw our money. :\\
This place is like a huge soccer stadium minus the soccer but with even more crazy Europeans.\n\nIn all seriousness, it's just like one big open space with random fire being spit around everywhere. Not the greatest theme.
Stayed on 9/4/14 for family gathering.  Got a great deal on Hotels . com and got room upgrade for using my Amex.  Room was nice, hotel staff was informative and I cant wait to return for a longer stay.  This also is an apparent magnet for the young and drunk as they seem to be everywhere you look.
Came here with a group of 7, \nmade reservations earlier in the day,\nThe service was on point,\nFood arrived in a quick manor and was delicious!\nWould definitely come back!
Ive always had a great experience here and feel the food is always good and the prices are reasonable as well. No complaints at all.. I will be going back here again for sure!
Lunch buffet during the week
My wife and I had a great experience at Burland. Trish helped us and made it a great experience.
Everytime I go to this theater there are always noisey Mexicans that wont shut the fuck up, or that have kids talking through the entire movie, last time I almost got into a fight with someone sitting behind me cuz they couldn't control their kids!\n\nI'll stick to going to harkins
Great coffee, delicious basket of muffins and biscuits and gravy. Courteous staff. Highly recommend it!
The food here is disappointing. The lo mein was too salty and the honey walnut shrimp sauce was lacking in both quality and quantity. I give them 2 stars though, because they deliver... it takes an hour though. Not great.
Have been going here for years but as of this time will never order from here again. Obviously they have changed staff but the customer service was terrible, long wait times and messed up orders. Take your business elsewhere. So many other good chinese restaurants in the area. Don't waste your time and money at this one!
Hahahahahahahahaha. Looking for a good time? Finding yourself in New York, New York? Spend the money. Bring your honey. You might find yourselves on stage. And, if you don't, you get to watch someone else's awkwardness on stage. It's a good time.
Always excellent food, atmosphere could use an update.  Service tends to be slow and the waitresses can be very moody at times.  It seems that service and ambience are not a priority.
I had a groupon for a dozen mixed cupcakes. They  were ordered a few days in advanced. No problem. Picked up today- they were very Good. :)
Zero star .......   They have really bad service... Wrong order, bad attitude, even worse, no apology for their mistake.....  And their food are horrible x 5....I will never ever come here again
I try to go here at least once a week.     They have expanded and have additional tables as well as out side patio.      They food continues to be great, especially their strawberries and cream, a dessert to die for.      You cannot miss going here.    Give it a try and enjoy.
We found the pizza very good but too pricey for what they serve. Service was ok but not spectacular. It was convenient because we spent the day at the New York-New York Casino. But there are better and less expensive alternatives for good New York Style Pizza in Las Vegas.
John the property manager is super nice. He was very helpful in answering questions I had the other day and he doesn't mind if I park my car there while I go for a ride on my motorcycle which I store there. Very friendly and the units are priced very decently for being in a more expensive town.
The $5 pizzas in the bar area are awesome awesome!  Thin crusted, great toppings, large for $5!\n\nPlus the Chicken Parm sliders are only $3!!\n\nYou can eat here for under $10 for a couple.  We love this place!!!
Restaurant was slow and so was the service. Food wasn't great. 3 stars cause I like the atmosphere.
Amazing sophisticated venue, Roberto is one of the most competent bartenders I have seen in a while.  Excellent location, great staff, handcrafted cocktails, glamorous and chic.  Must visit!  Trust a local!
First time, but pretty cool place to let loose and act like a kid again.  Plus food is pretty tasty also and arcade games are more aimed towards adults.
Another country restaurant/bar option if you want to head north...
Baklava and fries notable.  I wasn't a huge fan of the hummus.  I would stop by again if in that part of town. If you are in Henderson you gotta hit up the Great Greek.
Had the double western bacon cheeseburger. It was good, but not, \"Oh my god good.\" More like, \"Wow, Carl's Jr has really improved their burger good.\"\n\nGreat place to go to after you've finished at Pure.
The carne Asada Dona machi and cahuamanta sting ray soup is the best you must try
rice galore!
Saw the cook eat off my, and the guests next to mines plate. Without gloves. Canceled order, have not been back.
Some of the best pasta I have had yet. Fast and friendly service. Glad I wanted to try something new! The mac & cheese was INSANE!
Todd and his son have cleaned my carpets and have steam cleaned my tile and grout.  They always do a great job at a super price!  They are quick and efficient.  As a Realtor, I give many referrals and I am always pleased to give out referrals to Todd and Dunway Cleaning.
Smokey, inattentive staff with poor restaruants. \nThe movie theater, and the starbucks are the only thing that is saving this place for me...
I'm honestly surprised to see these good reviews. I picked up a large cheese pizza - simple as can be. It was burnt, and cost almost $18.00! Absurd.
A great time! Different than the typical big clubs like Tao, Hyde is more of a smaller lounge with full views of the fountains. Drinks were OK priced, music was actually pretty good, and it was not that crowded so we were actually able to dance! I'd definitely go back.
The Best Arizona Mexican Food Around!  Delicious!!!  Family owned and operated!!!!
everything was salty, seafood offering sparse.  I like bacchanal 100 times better and I'm a die hard cosmopolitan fan.
Can't go wrong.  This place is amazing.\n\nOnly complaint, long lines.
Decent food, but limited selection. The Asian bar had noodles, rice and one meat. The best part was the desert bar. Homemade ice cream, good choices of tarts and cupcakes. Good table service.
Not bad. I like Sushi Station better, maybe because of the setup is seems more full and busy. Anyways, same set up with the conveyor belt sushi and the colored plates (though I didn't like the patterns and found them less easier to discern than S.S.) Cheap sushi that fills you up.
Great boutique style consignment shop.  Very diverse selection with very high end (Jimmy Choo) to moderate pieces.  Cute, well done, smells good :).   I hate consignment shops that smell bad.  Owner is sweet and very helpful!  Glad I found it!
Great location.  Decent burgers and ok wings.
I'm sorry.  I did not like this place.  Food was OK,  we had two burger's, fries and a drink each.....cost us over fifty bucks.  Too much for so little, will not be back.
Not sure exactly, but it seems to lack quality or pride and that's been reflected in the food.. We just weren't impressed.
Service, desserts, and coffee were really good. I thought the brunch entrees were tasty, but not overwhelmingly so. The decor is...something else...makes me think I'm in the newest interpretation of Underworld, but I stopped smirking at it after a while.
Booked for a one night stop over and room was enough for the price.\nhowever even its non smoking floor, terribly smok smells in room.
I found the food to be mediocre. Plus I ordered an egg dish and I realized after I left that these were supposed to come with a side of pancakes but I didn't get them
The food is good and the bar isn't bad at all. Th outside seating is nice!
Real good food, reasonable prices, service is hit or miss but usually pretty good.  Glad they finally saw the light and opened for lunch on weekends now.
This was awful.  And now that we have been to Hawaii, it is even worse.  I have only been to Ono once before, many years ago in Scottsdale and don't remember it being this bad.  The service was horrible, the smell was foul, the food was gross.  Overall bad experience.
Came here with a few friends for lunch.  They have a decent lunch menu and we were in and out quickly.\n\nChips and salsa were good and my shrimp tacos were excellent.  This place is also good at night where they occasionally have live music in the bar.
If you are in Vegas and you don't hang out at Hard Rock, then you haven't experienced VEGAS!!!!  Hard Rock is THE place to go to in LV.  Forget the fact that it is off the strip.  Once you are at HRH, you never need to leave.
Typical fast food but with hot dogs and other crap....  Nothing special...  I don't want to eat in my car...  Not worth the time / effort to visit this place.
Good chicken salad, but wheat bread was ordinary.  Other sandwiches looked decent as well.
They have a lot of  variety of exotic food that can be found. The ready to eat counter is very convenient. I especially their grilled chicken with garlic sauce, yummy. They are also open late until 10pm everyday.
Great breakfast joint that reminds me of waffle-house. Do not order anything that could be stored in the fridge as it tastes like it have ( huevos ranchos ). Massive omlettes that are worth the price.
My favorite out of all the Buffet of Buffets! Food was delicious and servers ultra friendly
Judy does very high quality work, and I'm always pleased with her alterations. However, the other seamstresses are not as highly qualified. If you want something done right, specifically ask that Judy does it herself or you will end up visiting the shop multiple times to get exactly what you want done.
It's ok not great, they could really benefit from a refresh, it felt and looked dirty...
They don't take culinary insurance. If you have culinary you must pay a $75 office fee. Apart from that, everything else seemed very good.
Love this place!! If you are on a diet, don't come here. Large portions and great tasting food. The pancake was about the size of a hubcap... No joke !!
Dr Kelly is a consumate professional with a great caring attitude about his patients.  From the minute you walk in the door you are greeted so pleasantly (you almost forget you're at a dentist!)\nDr Kelly and his entire staff are wonderful!!
I've gone to Zojo a few more times now. The espresso is hit or miss. Some days it's delicious and other days it is very bad. So far I haven't been able to figure out when I will get espresso or garbage water.
Price is good but compared to other stores this location is just okay. They tend to under cook my quesadillas and they sometimes forget things so check your order before you drive away.
Cool hangout spot. Cool ambience. I enjoyed the musicians. But the food is way overpriced. The food is average, I've had better. Service was bad.
While wasting some time waiting for family to finish up I wandered into the store...It is all sparkly and pretty but I must admit...Nothing looks original. It all looks like something anyone would be wearing.
Chilis has really stepped up their service and quality of food. Our experience today was awesome. We are regulars so the change is service is noticeable. We will be back for sure.
Love the pumpkin curry, mango salad and the mussels on coconut sauce. How can you go wrong ? You can't. Great price, nice service and byob!!!
Solid.\nI'm not in love with the food, but it serves a purpose.  My hubby loves the cornbread, so we usually end up here versus Kona based on the bread alone!
a little expensive. my 4.5 lb Maltese is $45 to groom. but they're nice. friendly. even let u talk to the groomer and tell them how u want your dog groomed.
I think the food here is better in quality than Bellagio, but the desserts are not as good.
Gotta love it. Squid and octopus appetizer still a favorite.  The view of the fountain, decor and overall quality of all the dishes in top notch. A LV go to for me.
Friendly staff, clean and nice and quiet rooms. It was a great value. The breakfast was ok with bagels, juice, coffee/tea and pastries. This was much nicer than many other fancier hotels.
We experienced a roach infested resort with bugs floating in the pool and scattering on the walk ways. Not a place to relax we moved to another resort to enjoy the pool and sun that was bug free.
This place is a gem in the heart of Anthem.  Great food, great service, great atmosphere!   Check it out!
What a shithole. It's done. Time to blow it up and build something new. Staff is ignorant and obnoxious as well. Don't ever stay here.
I went to this club with a friend and I am sorry to say it was less than mediocre. There are so many good strip clubs in Vegas but dont make the mistake of going here. P.S. dont get a lap dance from Morgan she took my money and never saw her again.
Excellent service, quick coffeeaking, and our coffees/pastries were perfectly made.  For our first morning in Vegas (and the Elara), we will be making this our ritual while here!
Three stars only because we just came back from London. Flavor was okay. Glad it's in the neighborhood, but wouldn't drive across town for it. The beer and wine selection could have been better as well.
If Spearmint Rhino and Treasures were siblings then Spearmint Rhino would be Charlie Sheen and Treasures would be Emilio Estevez. Spearmint Rhino is a lot more fun with a lot more going on. Treasures is small and booooooring. Bottle service is a lot cheaper though.
Much better alternative than Kam's and the like. It gets crowded on the weekends and the building is actually pretty nice. I like how it is set up. No more dollar corona nights though...
I would have liked to experience the fest... The Yelp add said 11am! I asked a man at the vendor gate, how to get to the entrance he did not even say when it was open knowing it wasn't.  It was frustrating I'm glad I did not pay to go in.
Had steak sandwich, a little too fatty for me.  Kind of expensive.\nSmall place, but fun.  Rest of meal was good to go. \n\nWill definitely go back.
Beautiful location. Very long and very boring.  Definitely just a one time thing. You can become bored quick and easily.
The sangria here is awful. I think it was a tequila sunrise. The food is greasy and not in a good way. The only thing good was the goat cheese. But it is goat cheese. How can you mess that up?
Love Chino! I am a really picky eater and don't do a lot of whole in the wall spots but Chino is by far one of my favorite chill spots to eat. I usually order to go though. I love the quesadilla, jerk chicken (or jerk fried rice), and black beans.
only shabu in vegas... we are seriously lacking, but Swish will hit the spot when you need a shabu fix!!!!!!!!!
Food arrived late and barely warm enough to enjoy yet the plates were being cleared from under you almost in mid bite... staff was pleasant, waitress was attentive however lacking in personality...
The place is great. Very quick service.Wiil defentlycome back
Best BBQ joint in Charlotte! The Mac n Cheese is amazing and they have a great selection of local draft beers. Anyone staying in uptown and looking for some southern BBQ, must stop by QCQ!
Fantastic price, great Custer service, thank you Russell. So nice not to be upsaled constantly. Beat discount tire by $70 on a single tire. Bathrooms super clean too. Asked if they had any specials and automatically saved $10 on my oil change. Thanks!
Ordered from this place and it took 90 minutes to deliver a single topping large pizza.  When it got here it was cold.  Poor service - no thanks.
The service was really friendly! Almost fine dining service. Food was probably the only meh thing about it. Selections was a bit limited IMO. Over all great place, will head back soon.
Well.... We were a little disappointed. We were promised that we could get away with buying one drink and using the using the hookah discount. However, they automatically charged us with two drinks with a new waiter. Well played, sir, well played.
We went back again and the food was pretty good but I have to admit I'm pretty disappointed in the menu change. We've always wanted to try the chicken pot pie since everyone we know raved about it only to find out it was no longer offered. They did have a new salted caramel dessert that was extremely good though.
Was just driving around and saw the reviews.  This place was better than we expected. Very nice little pub and the food was excellent for the price. They have sports on and a kareoke pub too.  Seems to be a local favorite.
The employees here are all very nice and the food as a whole is what I would expect from a Taco Bell. \n\nBut the burrito I had here about two months ago had such a strong patchouli taste that I have not gone back. It seriously tasted as if it had been seasoned with patchouli.
Don't go for breakfast. Everything was bland. The line was too long for the ONE omelet bar and the muffins were from costco I think.\nMaybe lunch and dinner are better. Also, the holograms are way creepy.
You wouldn't think that fries on a sandwich would be good, would it be greasy, no way--- the best damn sandwich you'll find, I get Capicola, which is far from greasy. Great bar, totally Pittsburgh.
The pool is by far the best on the strip , unfortunately the location of the hotel is far from everything , the do have the tram but I prefer walking .
I heard good things bout Fat Burger before, so we finally tried Fat Burger for the first time.  Food was A-OK.  Nothing special.  Unimpressed at all.  Won't go back.
My last review was accurate. 17 bucks for a burger fries tea and tip is too high for lunch. They must expect convention people. Surprised how packed it was.
Very average. Ants in my room!  Going back to the Luxor next time
really great stop on the way back to princess street.nice fresh made food! exactly what we needed for dinner.
No nothing has changed I hate this place. Most of the food was cold it's over priced and don't have that home cooked love
Great tea selection in a coffeehouse that's unique 'cause it's in a converted gas station.
Awesome. Great patio setting and great beer. Food is really good as well. Go for the fish and chips. Patio gets loud when there is a band.. but it is a bar so..
Saltiest chicken I've ever had. Literally burned just to eat but I had showed up at the end of the day so maybe it was just a bad batch.
Example
The fries and 'slaw piled into all of the sandwiches is a cool local niche, but I'd say the overall quality of the sandwiches are just average otherwise.
acua is closed
There is no option for an individual 4 1/2 stars, but that's what I'd give it. There are better Chinese restaurants, but the combination of taste, value and service is really GREAT! We always get the stir fry in which you choose the veggies. YUM. I highly recommend.
been going here for 4+ years, always done correctly and on time.
Good food. Ok service. Expected a little better for the price but I will go back sometime. Give it a try.
Crockett's raw honey is now available at Costco for $8.99 for 3 lb (about a quart!) Yay!
Like many, I was not blown away by Graze but the food was good. I had the mussels and my partner the Graze burger. It was definitely worth the trip, although I might not be back right away.
I have been up all night due to bad wings. They obviously thawed the wings and let them sit in the warm kitchen and they spoiled.  So for me they go from a four star to a one star for this error.
This place is filthy and poorly ventilated. The sound system consists of four speakers that aren't even mounted to the ceiling. They're strapped to support beams. I rarely give poor reviews. The only reason I give two stars is that bottled water is only $1 each.
I was really blown away this establishment. I really enjoyed my crispy rice with fried tofu. The waiter was very sweet and accommodating. I enjoyed everything I had there thoroughly.
Food is ok. The only thing that annoys me is no lunch specials on certain days, but you wouldn't know which days until you are ready to order.
Came here at 10pm, and it was closed. The store signs still say open till 130am though. No sign telling you why they are closed.
Dinner:  Decent AZ Deli food \nBreakfast:  Good selection and consistent\nPrice:  Average\nCrowd:  Mostly seniors or young families with kids\nService:  Horrendous (would be 3 stars if they had decent service)
Best mexican food in Vegas.
Service is friendly, but the food is terrible and overpriced. I've been using yelp for at least a year now, and this place was so bad it inspired me to write my first review.
Only four cars in front of mine and thirty minutes later they still have not wiped my car down.
Unprofessional employees. Completely rude on the phone and couldn't answer a simple question. 0.5/10 would not recommend unless you don't mind losing your sanity going back and forth about a simple question about your delivery.
It's a 24 mile drive for me but it is the best BBQ in this city.
The guys at this barbershop are great, clean cutz and good vibes.Always playing good music.They get busy make sure to set appointment
Stay away from this place!  They talk people into services that are not required. They use scare tactics to get women to pay for services not needed. These people have no conscious! \n\nDo yourself a favor and go somewhere else!
Billy at Bink's Midtown was awesome. He remembered us and has the car pulled up as we walked out of the restaurant. He was polite and a great start and end to our visit to Bink's.
Solid place to grab a classic breakfast. Nice selection with seasonal choices. Had the Pumpkin Pancakes with some herbal tea.
No Longer in Business - Now a Mexican Joint....haven't tried it yet...
I have been eating here for about 18 years.  Food has always been very good.  Never really had a problem with the service, or food.  I believe they messed up our order once.  Not bad in 18 years though.  4 Stars, but closer to 5 than 3!
Went there for lunch and it wasn't too busy but being in a rush, we thought the service took a little long. The menu is large and they have great lunch specials.
I saw one of there signs that said breakfast buffet for $7.99 it turned out to be $12.99 cause weekends it comes with champagne. I thought it was kind of misleading. The breakfast buffet was nothing to write home about, not very good
Here is the breakdown. Fresh squeezed oj and goose, the salmon , and the filet! This is all you need. The sides are awesome too. I'm not going to say I have never had a crappy server here, but that happens anywhere at times. I will give 5 stars for the quality of the food and the reasonable pricing.
Latitude Eight is one of my favorite lunch locations in Downtown Chandler. I most often have had the Ginger Chicken Stirfry, but have had 3-4 different lunches and have never had anything I would not order again.\n\nLatidude has a great atmosphere and the staff is always friendly
Didn't get to experience too much of the lounge because we stopped here around noon one day and decided to keep the drinks flowing!  But, we were able to chat with Camille and another guy for a bit, so that was nice.  She made a great raspberry martini!  Just keep in mind prices are high.
Service at the bar is top notch.  Beer was excellent.  Food was pretty good.  Packed on a Tuesday.  Worth the visit.  Take home a 6 pack!
Well it is fast food, I thought it was a bit over priced.. The root beer is damn good to be honest! I think it will be a while before I am back...
Try the a-latta bananas.  Delicious!!  I asked to hold back on the banana syrup, so it wouldn't be so overpowering.  The staff is very friendly!!  And if you purchase one of their travel mugs you get a drink free then get 20% any time you come back in with the cup!
I've gone back a few times now, for some oil changes, and this and that, and I've had nothing but good experiences there. So I'm going to say that the whole brake thing was a once in a blue moon incident, and not the usual here.
Great vibe with too many great choices. I had the Frarattoo and would highly recommend it. Very rich and savory grain dish with poached egg. Great baked goods as well.
free and gorgeous must-do!! if it's your first time to watch it, try to get a spot at the center/front of the fountain (facing bellagio) since you get the best view and sound there.
Food was good, service could be a little bit more.on point, will definitely come back.
Wow, great fresh food!\ntomato mozzarella sandwich was terrific.  Fresh house made Mozzarella and real tomato flavor.\nEveryone in our party had something different, all very good.
I got diesel at this \"Chevron\" in Chandler, AZ on 12/11/2009 for my R.V. \"The Black Pearl\".  It was my first time there.  The prices were competitive.
I have heard great things about this restaurant BUT I think coming here during Restaurant Week was not the best idea. The food was okay (though sometimes overcooked and not as fresh tasting). The service was also okay. We could tell they were slammed. We'll try again during a weekday and hope to get the great food we heard about!
I used to be a huge fan of tropical smoothie. The service at many of them has been awful. May just go back to exclusively making my own smoothies from now on.
I was totally wrong in this review and should have made a second trip toPBD before reviewing. \n\nI now really really love their donuts especially the maple bacon, i am now a very good customer. \n\nThey have very creative and super tasty donuts anyone would love.
Oops, I forgot...I hate casinos and this one is no different than any other.  I was talked into going.
Well I came here for dessert and we got the fried Oreo sundae! It was hella good ! Worth getting it for $14 and it's big enough to share for 3 people. \n\nThe waitress service wasn't all that good, she didn't even give us napkins.
Great service, the food is good, and I like what they stand for.  The Play yard is a little small, but my kids still love it there.
Cute, modern, pastel love-fest looking place.\n\nI requested a sample of the Carrot Cake, which was promptly handed over: white gelato, white spoon... and a black, curly hair.\n\nTruly, a Kodak moment.
Excellent food! Never had a bad meal or service here. I always get the take home classic pasta
I went to see Nonstop today with my husband. It was a great experience! The food is amazing and well worth the money. The seats are comfortable and big. I will definitely be returning back.
Great place!  Chicken panini was awsome!  Also, the staff was great!  Especially the bartender, Sean!  Can't wait to go back.
This has already been said a million times, they do not have all you can eat sushi. That fact does not bother me because the quality is amazing. I love their unique and tasty rolls. One of my favorite sushi restaurants in Las Vegas.
expensive grave yard food... \n\nHad the barely soup and it was too salty to finish and that cost a pretty penny...
Great drink prices and nice staff in the bar, but sooooo smoky that I could only stay for one drink.
Pretentious clientele and mediocre employees. Maybe they weren't that helpful due to the fact that I forgot my hipster uniform at home. I'd rather shop online and pay s&h.
No flavor. food tastes like the Chinese buffet places. Ordered a sesame chicken expecting a heavy dark sauce. In return I got a honey flavored chicken plate.
The owner writes checks that bounce, and will not pay up when informed that the checks bounced. She doesn't return callls, and wont deal with the situation. Stay away from this company!
This place is a true gem in Vegas!  Definitely make a trip north to enjoy the history of this town through these fantastic Neon signs.  The staff is extremely knowledgeable and you will leave with a new appreciation for Sin City!
Great room - terrific pool & hot tub. Very accommodating staff. Beautiful locale. Quiet & peaceful, yet close to Scottsdale.
Pretty nice hotel for the price. Rooms are clean and well stocked. Lack of power outlets was a bummer. They also charge for fridge and there is no microwave. All in all a nice place to stay. Great food court and the arcade was a hit with the family. I would stay again.
I went for the basic oil change a few weeks ago. I had a good experience and will return. They  completed my change within twenty minutes. That is good enough in my opinion. Thank you Terrible's!!
Best gym in Vegas. Zumba with Ginger and the new Insanity classes are my favorite. You also should visit Ashley for a great massage in the spa.
Food was good and full of exciting flavors. Would put 3 $$$ for price.
I love this place!!! Best vegetarian eggs Benedict, and I've always had good service.
The food is great ..we had curry chicken . sesame chicken and tempura shrimp .hot and sour soup .all of  the food was great ...
Avoid this place. Yes the price is okay, but it's not worth the experience. It was packed with people sitting there doing nothing. Staff was not helpful or pleasant. Go to The Dugout instead!!
Lots of good markets in Madison, but Monona is good choice if you want to get in and out quickly.  Small, relative to other markets, but they've also got some a vendors including Java Cat (gelato) and Caf\u00e9 Social (brewed coffee and beans)
Today, the food was cold, apparently it was cooked before we order it. They just use microwave to heat it, but not thoroughly.\n\nAfter three hours, my boyfriend and I feel stomachache. I will never go back to this restaurant !
Always a classic. Pretty consistent, great prices. good food. The service could improve, though.
Their cheesecake and food is amazing however the service is terrible. Waited 15 min to get my check and then another 15 min for the server to return with my credit card. If you are in a hurry skip this place!
Not great. Long lines, slow service and cr\u00eapes that essentially all have the same lemon filling (unless they got our orders completely wrong). Cheap by Vegas standards, but you get what you pay for.
Maybe I'm missing something, but I found nothing good about dried up chicken fingers and a overcookrd biscuit that tasted like old grease.  \n\nI will definitely stick to popeyes for my chicken.
Soooo good! The pastry basket is perfect for groups and the service was great. I can't wait to go back to eat dinner!
Wow, I was pleasantly surprised. I came here thinking that it was going to heavy, unhealthy and greasy food. But it wasn't! The food was delicious. The server was very attentive. I enjoyed my dinner very much!
FYI Southwest Airlines won't let you print out your borading pass on your return flight until you arrive at the departing airport. Absolutely makes no sense....Will be using another airline for my travels.
Great food, but slow service. When they get busy, they tend to pay less attention to each table. One time me and my coworkers waited over 50 mins for our food. We ended up walking out and missing our whole lunch. Too bad
This place is pretty good, nothing fancy but has some good choices......even some items that aren't typically sushi items (poppers....and cream puffs)
Big portion. Food is decent but I don't plan on going anymore because it's not the most healthy choice.
The fish tacos are good but must eat them there. Rice was great. Everything else was just okay.
They made my husband eat the last piece of sushi or they charge him for leftover. What a threat lol! Food wasn't too bad but we are never coming back here again.
We checked in quickly, the room was clean and the AC worked great. Everyone was friendly and courteous, and I had fun in the casino. I enjoy old school Vegas; I'm not here for a fancy hotel room. Cheap drinks, easy access to Circus Circus, pool was very clean, what more do you need?
This place is no longer in business. Sad to see it go.
Awesome selection of juice as well as different pens.  The customer service is great and informative.
I always come here every time I come to Vegas and they never fail me with the food they have.  Open 24 hours a day which is good and have a variety of food from pastas, chicken, salads, sandwiches, wraps, and so much more.  the service is fast and friendly.
Another visit another great night. Food is delicious and so reasonably priced. This place should be tried if you haven't been here before. A real gem. Come try it!
You only go here if you want a more private area for drinks in the casino at The Palazzo.  Nothing special here at all.
Cheap prices off the strip. Buffet is decent and affordable. Long lines to check into room but the hotel is very nice for the price.
Average customer service,  average sandwich making skills, average speed. Hence average rating.
Sorry Louie, but I could of had better at the comedy connection in Boston. Go on  a diet so you can get up offf your seat and your way over priced!
Love this place, sushi is good and great customer service!
This place never has a long wait, always has delicious food, and their snicker doodle coffee roast is very delicious, a must try!\nThe staff and even the manager is always super friendly, upbeat and always helpful.
Excellent.  Mexican food, so chips and salsa has to be good, check!  Choice of fountain or bottled soda, good service and excellent food.  Been twice, same great experience both times.  Great to have in the neighborhood.
We were in the mood for a dress up steak dinner without the big price tag. Disappointed by the service and food but they did make up for it with a free entree coupon. Still, I'll go elsewhere for steak next time.
Food and service are both pretty bad.  We have visited Taps a handful of times over the past 3 years, never really impressed but our visit yesterday was awful, and I was only there to pick up a to-go order.  We didn't even eat the food we got, it was so bad.
Nice food
The food is good, but once we received our food we didn't see the waitress. We had to track her down 2x to even get the check. Service is lacking.
I love Filibertos but wont gobhere again! I love a good burrito gut buster but added non food items could be downright dangerous!
Sauerkraut? For the Hot Dogs? Would you mind?
I'm giving this place a one star review for one reason only. The bartender Danielle is horrible! Never seen a bartender with such a horrible attitude and I honestly don't know how she still has a job.
Best theater. Thanks Harkins.  Love that I can butter my own popcorn. Great location and decent seating. (Some theaters have really awkward seating) well kept and great daycare set up for those who need it. Love that I can use my college I.d. to get a discount on tickets.
Ginger chicken was very good and liked the boti lamb even though it was not fully cooked as per Indian expectations .. They do have a thali option with the lunch and dinner orders which is nice . Biriyani was pretty average
Best pizza around to go with great happy hour. 4 dollar Tito's is a can't miss till 6 PM. Very cool spot
They don't serve fresh food. Their buffet is probably the worst I had in USA in recent past. Place and decoration look good.
Love going to Wranglers games here. Parking is awesome, every seat has a great view. The only thing I dislike but theres not much that can be done and thats the price of food and drinks.
Very bad service!!they charge you 15%tip even you're only one people,no respect,never go back this shit place again!
Quiet off the strip breakfast spot. Food was good not great. Their pancakes are huge and service is excellent. We got the veggie omelette and it was nothing special.
this is a cool place which uses cocoa and chocolate in many of its dishes. the seasoned fries are pretty cool and they come dusted with cocoa powder\n\nthe pizza was ok. nothing too special. i didn't like the crust too much\n\nthe crepe was pretty good as well
I picked up a huge infection. Dirty. Shared instruments and sloppy.
The last few times I have been here the food is meh. I use to really like Mimi's but I am giving up on it for awhile.
Great martinis and cocktails in general.\nThe bartenders are also sup[er sweet, so be nice to them.
A pseudo-Greek cafeteria. Good variety on menu, but a tad pricey to my mind for lunch. Staff friendly, but sometimes a bit obsequious. If I was in the neighborhood, I'd go back...but not worth driving there on its own.
Yum. I do love this shop it's close to home very affordable and delicious. Great customer service as well!!!!! Always friendly quick and helpful.
This subway's already down hill. They have less options (no silantro or Swiss cheese). And  that is not all, they charge for refills, unlike other subway's or other sub places. And also their meat has a weird taste. But my sub was okay, but a bit dry.
I walked in and everyone eating there was Mexican, that's a good sign.  The food and soda were good and so was the service.
Do you like salt?? If so, this is the place for you. Food is very sub par here. I'll never come back.
I am not too fond of the dinner experience here, but it is a great place to grab lunch. Lots of choices and generous portions. Steve's is inexpensive for an eatery in the heart of downtown.\n\nNote the cute quotations on the walls.
cool and open.  Little pricey but they give you good stuff in the ambience.  Wish you didn't have to pay to go downstairs.
\"Welcome to Costco, I love you\"
We have 6 cats and have been very pleased with the manner in which they are treated by Dr. Heather and her staff.   A couple of our cats are semi-feral.   Dr. Heather didn't shy away from seeing them whereas other vets are not willing to treat them.  Kudos to Dreamy Draw!
Recent ownership change has been good bit it's still pricey here I find smiths to be better prices but this location has a cleaner stocked look and prices to match that device level. 10% more
It's been so long since I've been here I could not remember if it was good or not so decided to give it another shot. So we went for happy hour to give it a shot. The cooked food was too salty, the rolls were nothing to brag about. I definitely won't be back for a third time!
A little disappointed with the in house brews. I like to go to breweries for what they brew. There are a lot of beer bars around. Nice little spot, but the one bartender was overwhelmed and service was excruciatingly slow.
Way overpriced Chinese buffet! Sorry I don't want chicken feet! Will not return. Staff was nice but $40+ for dinner with iced tea? Nah...
I've never had a meal here that didn't result in diarrhea afterward. Nothing more needs to be said.
I love the selections. They are slways helpful snd pack the bsgs by your choice of flavors . I travel from la to vegas and I never leave vegas without dropping in for couple bags.
We eat breakfast here frequently. It's typical IHOP, but the food is fine and the staff takes good care of us.
Stopped for gas at about 8:50 am on Tuesday. The clerk was extremely rude. He was texting behind the counter and looked at me as if I was waisting his time. He proceeded to text as he charged me for my gas. I really hope he is not the store owner.
Best I've ever had in my life, and great gelato.. It was the best pizza ever.. And with that Italy imported oven it made it take on a different type of pizza... I felt like I was in Italy.. Definitely 5 stars
On time, did a thorough a/c checkup, made sure to remind me to change the filters regularly (had not been doing so).  Charged me a reasonable fee for service.
Maybe my dog is a dog park snob, but this just isn't her favorite.  There is so much dirt and dust that she needs a bath every time we let her play for a few minutes.  The small dog area on the west side gets really cramped when more than a few dogs are there.
I love the concept of this place, but at $9 for an adult admission I'm disappointed in the number of items and selection that were on collection in the galleries. \n\nHowever, if you want to support the preservation of black art this is a great place to spend an hour in.
Small, quaint. Not too many choices as far as seating. Bar is efficient, though
Great bar food and a wide selection of beer and liquor to quench your thirst!
Ok so I'm pretty sure I got food poisoning here. I used to like it. People watching is great.  But I got grilled chicken and a salad and subsequently lost like 5 lbs over the next 5 days.
Great patio. Perfect place to watch sports games. Food is good and variety on the menu. During football playoffs they put signs on the tvs of which games will be playing so you can sit accordingly. Busy place and staff does well handling the volume.
Sand volleyball, outdoor patio with games and occasionally live music, huge beer selection and the most amazing soft pretzels with homemade beer cheese...my favorite bar in Charlotte!!
Beautiful, well maintained and a nice assortment of food in the food court. Tortilla was my favorite! :)
Now they have an open bar outside with waiting service. Big change with last year, changes inside too with the seating. Good thing is it's 24/7. I remember it tasted better years ago. Now it's just like any other place. First time eating since 2008.
Good food. Lots of beer on tap and very tasty cocktails. Prices are middle of the road.
Always has been a favorite! The management and staff have always been great and do whatever to keep you happy! There is not one bad food item on the menu and everything tastes so good it makes it hard to decide. Their Buffalo Mac and cheese is great, also a fan of their pretzel too. Also all the beer options will keep anyone satisfied.
I ordered the lasagna bolognese and it was scorched. Instant buyer's remorse.  The lone bright spot was our waitress who was quite attentive and friendly.\n\nWe won't be patronizing Picazzo anytime in the foreseeable future.
Service is great, the dish I got was disappointing, but the server had it taken off my bill without me asking or suggesting to take it off.  Any establishment that does that is top notch in my eyes, they remember how important the guest experience is to people.
Best night during our vegas stay.  Linsay the mechanical bull operator makes a great first impression and persuades those on the fence to try the bill.  Great ribs too.
Ich habe schon \u00f6fters Braten, Leberk\u00e4se, etc. f\u00fcr Firmenveranstaltungen und Feiern bestellt. Die waren immer \u00e4u\u00dferst lecker.
Go here for your Hawaiian food / filipino fix!  I always get the Adobo Omlett!! so good...but i have had Chicken Katsu from here and other food.  Def  a must if you are sick from the vegas buffets.
As terrible as a meal could get. Pizza with prosciutto and arugula resembled cracker bread with a meat volcano on top. Waitress seemed to think the pizza was the best thing ever but she also looked like she didn't discriminate against too many meals. Great ice water though! High quality stuff on the rocks.
Patio seating is lovely!
The food was decent at best,  service was awful.  Lazy host, slow service,  mediocre food.  I would not go back to this location.  Management needs to work on the customer service for this restaurant!!!
This Casino is old. I really needs a remodel. It is connected to the Tram which you will have to walk to Aria *kind of a long walk* and then from Aria there is a tram to Vdara and Bellagio.
Crazy Shotz Photo Booth is a MUST HAVE at any party!  It was the main event at my 40th birthday party!  The kids loved it too! The pics turn out great and you have lasting, cool memories!
Used the 2 4 1 coupon early evening. This means a 14 dollar cocktail costs 7. Not bad. The coupon doesn't work for the 20 dollar premium cocktails. Service was slow for us.
Ken is great. He is able to fix almost any issues without even having to be on site in your office. Rather than charging for his time to come out to fix a small issue he walked me through everything and told me what to get.
The food was.....eh. \nI stopped by to grab dinner; and as a desperate vegan, this was the only place I could find near my parents' home.\nThe staff was super sweet and helpful though.
Made my order wrong and I failed to check it before I left. Went back the next day for a replacement and they got that wrong too. Fortunately I had checked before I left!
Fat Burger rocks.  Definitely my favorite fast food joint.  Get a loaded burger with chili...so good.\n\nI put Fat Burger at the top of the list for fast food.  In and Out comes 2nd.
The most beautiful hotel I've ever stayed in by far. But the casino is S M A L L  and walking back and forth to the WYNN, where it's more lively, gets tiring.
Had a great experience ordering delivery from here. My boyfriend and I ordered 2 pizzas with an estimated delivery time of 45 min, but ended up only taking around 25 on a Saturday night which was great. The pizza was delicious as well. There are so many different options, it's hard to make a choice!
What a wonderful place! The workers are so helpful! They were able to resize my wedding ring (bc after I gained all my baby weight it didn't really fit anymore) Thanks guys! Keep it up!
If you are a pizza freak... this is the place. The wait is always long I am sure, but the drive and the wait are worth it. The crust has a sweet tinge to it and the \"super 6\" is definitely the way to go... although, I saw the garlic bread and it looked good too.
My absolute favorite place to eat. I have never had anything there that I haven't liked and am gradually working my way through the entire menu lol.
I always see at least one person touching ready to eat food with bare hands. Always the fry cook, and this time the drink guy was manipulating ice spillage back into the bin..bare hands..boo
Pizza is really as good as it gets in Vegas.  However it is really pricey.  $5.00 a slice and $25.00 for a large cheese is the most expensive pizza I've ever seen.
Came here once, out of corn. 2nd time I came, still out of corn. Service is slow, but at least the food was fresh and made to order. Would prefer Tacos El Gordo.
1st time and it will not be my last time...This place is off the charts good...damn you smosted chicken you ruined my life cuz now I have to drive 5 hours just to eat you again
Girl at drive through was extremely pleasant tonight! Lol no prob with my food. N I got a happy face on my order.
After much ado James arrived and completely revamped the garden and sprinkler system, to the point of what we expected. I am sorry it had to revert to heavy handed tactics, but the job is well done for now and completed.
Not horrible, but not great. It kinda makes me think of it as a younger sibling to a noodle place in a mall. Definitely felt the 90's vibe with the decor.
Who would have thought such a great sushi restaurant would be in an airport? The sushi quality and polite and speedy service are excellent. They also have a great selection of wine and local craft beers.
Great place if you wanna feel like you stepped back into the 70s, or so my husband says. Really romantic place to have a drink. Definitely worth the visit if having fun in Vegas!
Avoid Dr. Troung. I had a horrible experience here.
Ordered the chaat items. Have had much better. The green chutney they add to chaat is the idli chuney. Not meant for authentic chaat. Havent tasted anything else, so cant comment.
The happy hour is great, not sure how they can do $10 unlimited wine for ladies and stay open.    The $5 minute items are fun and have a good variety.   \n\nI agree with MR the creepy guy should stay away from the customers.\n\nBring Dave back!
Great pizza, some of the best in Vegas.  Always have great beer specials!!
I love this quaint little library. The children and baby story times are fun and well done! The children's section has an amazing assortment of books and a cute play area that has some innovative activities for little ones to do while their parents gather books nearby. There isn't much to complain about here! I love coming.
Great lounge. Much better than United. Free well drinks and wine and a buffet meal is served - gratis. Cool vibe and layout. Only complaint is that it's too small. Place is always packed and hard to find a seat. Also has free wifi.
Whenever you get a great service and a wonderful attitude at a very fair price, you can't help but be happy and satisfied as a customer. Gareth was Superb!  Highly recommended because he's knowledgeable and didn't try to upsell me or worse!\nEasy to find location.
Se horrible!  I can't believe how cold the fries are! My chicken sandwich had the smallest amount of chicken I've ever seen on a sandwich. The salad was served without sauce. Nichols served were cold with little cheese. I'd skip this one if I were you.
food was awesome.if you go at the right time no waiting in line. alot of selections!!! and their desserts....Mmmmmmm!!!
I was so hungover when I arrived at Earl of Sandwich that I do not even remember what sandwich I ordered. I do however remember that it was delicious and that my hangover magically disappeared after eating said sandwich. Thank goodness for the Earl without him I'm pretty sure I would still be on the floor of a bathroom somewhere in Las Vegas.
Definitely a late night kind of restaurant in my opinion (especially since there's no line up later in the night). The staff is super kind and helpful, and to me the food is just very cheap for the size of the portions and the taste. Love
Amazing! Simply amazing!! The food is great. We had the onion rings for an app plus the farm burger and the fish and crisp sandwich for our entrees. The service was great! Must go!
Definitely expensive but this is Vegas. I had a polish change and my technician kept complaining about how she did not have a break our lunch and that it was time for her to go home.  It really did not make for a nice, relaxing experience.
closed!!!!!!!
Great pizza chain but so so in execution. Usually have to wait longer than usual for this location and felt sick a couple times. Hope their ingredients are fresh and being well taken care of. The delivery should be more faster.
Awesome service, nice atmosphere with great music, good NY Strip steak at great value with the fact two sides are included in the price, about half the price of other steak houses!  Great wine, cocktail and beer list!\n\nWayne Gorsek
I found Carpet Star on Yelp and everything was great, just like the reviews! Steve was awesome. Super honest and got a red wine stain out of a tan chair.
Eyemart Express and the Funkhouser staff offer horrible service and will try to nickle and dime you every opportunity that they can. They won't offer an explanation, they'll just be rude and insistent.
Definitely my favorite sushi spot. Great price and delicious sushi. Service can be better though.
Service was excellent, large menu, good food and wine. Just a little traditional french joint that is as cute as a button. Nice terrace/patio as well.
Everytime I come here they mess up my drink... The only I like about this location is the baked goods. Never will I return again
This place has some of the worst dumpings I've ever had.  It tastes like everything has been frozen previously and just thawed/boiled and then dumped on your plate.  Everything is extremely greasy and chewy and I would not go again.
Server was rude and arrogant.  After treating me like a piece of crap found on the bottom of her shoe, she added insult to injury by forgetting to put the entree in one if my meals.  I had to drive 2 mimes back just to get what I had paid for !
Thought the bagels were not good. Family liked them but I tried the place a few times and thought they were tasteless. Would never go back. Yes, it appears I'm in the minority
Because sometimes you just want to flip the bird at calorie counting and healthy living.  This valley landmark is the place for satisfying that once in awhile sinful urge to screw up your carefully laid out dietary plans.
What a great place. The location is tucked back in this little strip mall area. The creamy broccoli soup was wonderful and I really enjoyed my Mediterranean wrap. Will keep this on my list for future lunch spots.
Amazing place! Everything here is perfect. Bomb food and awesome customer service! A must try and must go to! Love the cups and the atmosphere! :)
pretty good. I would come back
Great place to eat.  the five of us were all happy with our meals.  The service was average but very friendly.  The amount of food you get is huge.  I got the huevos rancheros and was very happy with my meal.  I would certainly go back again.
Awesome staff.  Great hosptial.
Should've known by the name America that this place was not going to be good. Not traditional at all skip this place.
A hidden gem under Ballys. We had some great fish and prompt service. Will be back next time I'm in the area. Booyah!
This place is just OK, especially considering their high prices. A lot of pretension and not a lot of quality. The only thing I liked was the ceasar salad.
The food was great. I had the catfish & chicken qtr. combo with greens & yams. You could tell the sides were made ahead of time (they were barely room temperature) but were still pretty tasty. I'd recommend checking this place out if you find yourself in Charlotte!
One of the best US Airways hub airports.
Always a fun show. For a free Vegas lounge show this is as good as it gets. They are always right on the mark and high energy.
Poor quality with cold food and commercial kitchen quality food. Not worth the money. So many better choices for food while in Las Vegas.
Disappointed in this sandwich bar.  I had a salad which was ok - nothing to brag about.  I was disappointed that the menu only had hot subs - no cold sandwiches.
This place isn't bad but it isn't the best. I must admit that I must get my artichoke toast, bacon wrapped dates, and albondigas fixing every couple of months. The atmosphere is cool for an after work hang out. It's not too much of a bar but not too snobby.
We have been here for breakfast on many occasions and have never had a bad meal. Recently we tried the all you can eat Friday fish fry and it is wonderful. The clam chowder is excellent.
LOVED THIS PLACE ! Was my very first time here & it won't be my last , Kevin was AWESOME & FUNNY! But the pampering was theee best & most relaxing ! Took Their Time & my nails were on point !!
i m a pickie eater, well, to me personally, i liked this, it got the food i m after and service was alright, even thou they do need to improve, but i sure liked this place, i would defintely come back for this and bring more friend.
This place is next to my work so it's convenient. The staff is friendly and always willing to help. Definitely recommend this place
Love this location they are super quick on a busy morning and if your a regular they remember you, your name and your order fabulous costumer service!
After a notable absence, they have their Slush Puppy machine back up and working. The food is always pretty tasty and reasonably priced, but the Irn Bru slush puppies are what keep me coming back.
Good bar food snacks, meals were average.   Fun crowd.
This place is really nice.   Would definitely come back for a date night.  I would recommend splitting a meal.  Proportions are HUGE.  The BLD burger is awesesome but just tooo big.
I Love love love this place! Never had a bad meal ever at Spice Island, so I could go in and blindly choose any dish and be happy with my choice. I love their slow-cooked meat dishes  and their Himalayan spice tea. Amazing! Plus, it is perfect for a grad student budget :)
I was in Vegas on a vacation and went to this Baskin Robbins.  There was paper in the ice cream, service was terrible and the bathroom filthy.
Traffic wise, the absolute hardest airport to navigate. Good shops, good food stops, but don't get flipped when being dropped off or you'll miss your flight.
Never.....again, this office is so rude and unprofessional that I'm more mad at myself for not checking Yelp before making my appt. If I could leave negative stars I would, this came as a recommendation of a coworker, huge mistake - they'll never get my business again.
Just ok.  Not great.  To many places like this in Vegas and quality is lost in quantity. Service is so so.  Used a Groupon.  Doubt I'll be back.
i called the phone number 11-6-11 ... recording \"the number you dialed is not in service\"
The food is great , ordered the chicken fried stake , I cleaned my plate ! it takes some time but it's worth it and the desert was amazing.
The best Italian restaurant in NY is the Best Italian Restaurant in Las Vegas!! Incredible experience!! The food just keeps on coming!!
I thought that the pizza was good (7/10). We are from the East Coast and are visiting and thought that it was very reminiscent of what we get when we are in NYC. For the price it was fantastic. Lightly sauced and nice and greasy.
goldiggers everywhere, place smells like smoke, no class\n\njust no
Very disappointed with this place. First they claimed that our taxi will be here in 20. They never showed up, when i called they kept claiming it's on the way. Two hours later they tells us they cant make it and reference us to another cab company.
This is mediocre at best for dinner.  I have to assume the good reviews are based off a breakfast experience because our first time dinner experience was blah across the board. \nIt felt and tasted like an upscale cafeteria experience... not good.
Solid three. Mexico City style food. Good service. (way better than places like Macayo's.)
We were let down by the lack of meat in what were supposedly meat dishes. For nine bucks a pop, we expected more than three small bites of meat per plate. If we ordered only veggies, it would be have been fine. but we didnt.  We wont go back.
Nice atmosphere and friendly server, but blah food. No one in our party reported liking the food. Maybe it was the prices. I don't think that we will return.
Favorite place to get a beer in Madison! #2 Strong Ale is always a winner and the Penguin Ale is a good standby. Great atmosphere, fun crowd, and if you get hungry, the Frabonis pizzas are as solid as frozen pizzas get. Oh, and whoever does the chalkboard art there has got major skills.
Loved, loved, loved the Smoked Salmon sandwich on ciabatta bread. The jerk sauce is also very good and spicy.  The barbeque was also good.
Not impressed, very un Italian food, bordering on tasteless. Very weak sauce on my baked spaghetti. And the primo pizza was slightly better than lean quinine.  The trivia announcer that was having problems pronouncing the long words in the questions didn't help any.
This place is overpriced and slow. They try their best to overcharge customers. This will be the last Jiffy Lube I go to.
Don't waste your money.  75 bucks to sit in a storage room, sorry \"theatre\", and see a staged show.  Way better shows elsewhere for your money.
We had to wait 30 min before the food came out, and the waitress was a stoic bitch. The food was just mediocre and over priced.
BEST Mexican food restaurant this side of the Mississippi and this side of the border!!! If I could rate this 100 out of 5 stars I would!
The pizza was fair;  but my husband said their pasta and sauce was delicious, so I'm def. going to try their other dishes next time.  Service was awful though, we had to complain because we waited half an hour for a table, then nobody came to serve us!
I love this place.  I've been going to Paisan's since i was about 10 years old.  The best is a Porta Salad and then going on to the Bella Pizza with onion's!  BEST PIZZA I've ever had!
I am a big fan of this place.  Always have been.  \n\nToday they had a demo day, and the guy doing it helped a buddy of mine with some impromptu golf lessons.
Very nice family operation.  Pizza was very good (more like Streets of NY) the cold Italian sub was tasty but on the skimpy side with the meats & cheese.\n\nAll in all a good experience and we will give them another try real soon.
Typical American restaurant. Flavorless. Not to mention overpriced. Don't waste your money.
Meh. Decent. Mexican food on fried bread, if you can picture that. Still, it was good, and reasonably priced.
Don't let the ultra-cool surroundings distract you from the fact that when you bring your date here, you'll be paying about 150 bucks for P.F. Changs with smaller portions.
I'm visiting Vegas and my girlfriends and I wanted a solid breakfast. This place is awesome. I got the Sunday morning and added bacon. It was more than enough and left me feeling great. Everyone who works here is very friendly and seems like a family owned place. I will def come here again.
I'm never shopping here, I don't wanna shop somewhere where associates think if u can afford it in just goona purchase the bag online then looked at if I could afford it
By far the worst food i have had in Phoenix... Service is extremely bad.. We had to wait for 20 minutes before someone showed up to take the order. And then it took them another 40 minutes to get the appetizers, which had gone cold by then. \n\nDefinitely not worth the money.
I was really disappointed with the food, the ambience and the service..would never go here again or recommend it to anyone..
Clean and updated McDonald's with the new menu board, serve-yourself soda (Coca-Cola products) and a ketchup dispenser. Yes, they have a drive through as well. As McD's go, I thought that this was a decent one.
I had the mushroom cheese steak sandwich and it was ok but not great. I split my sandwich in half so I could eat the rest later and I'm just not that excited about finishing it. It could just be that I'm not a huge fan of greasy food. I would probably not go here again.
I wish there were more traditional donut shops in my area. These cotton candy treats are good but they all taste the same after a while. They are sticky, spongy and just dissolve on impact. Once in a while I want my cake donut and a normal maple bar served in a place where seniors are reading the newspaper.
Everything is good except the tortas just feel plain for some reason.. My kid's love eating here  you can't go wrong dam tortas keeping me from giving them 5 stars!
Exceptional service. Our chef was very fun and entertained our 4kids. The filet was amazing and cooked perfectly. The chicken was juicy. We will come back when we are in Scottsdale again.
All I can say is....booooooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrriiiiiiinnnnnnnngggggg. \n*zzzzz*\n\nI expected more.  The price was really reasonable, but I wouldn't stay here again if I was going to Vegas.
Not surprised it CLOSED, staff was rude and uppity.
Ive been to this place a couple of times to have a sandwich for breakfast. They have good tuna sandwich, good tomato and mozzarella sandwich, good coffee, only complaint is that it usually runs you about $30 per person, and for a sandwich, a coffee, and a drink thats a bit expensive.
I been to the night club but it was my first time at the day club and I have to say again very classy nice and table service made it all that better
Horrible!!!  Potatoes are extremely greasy, burnt eggs, slow customer service, bland taste. I go to breakfast on a regular basis and this is by far the worst I have ever experienced.
I went to this office today with my children to get glassesfor them.the staff and the doctors were very friendly and helpful. i highly recomend this wonderful office.
Mary is wonderful!!! She  cares for my puppy as if he were hers!  She texts me daily and often sends me a picture! She has been a lifesaver and I would recommend her to anyone needing pet care.
This place rocks. CONSISTENTLY good pizza and a great staff of delivery drivers. They always make it right if they make a mistake.
Overpriced.  Bland sauces.  Mediocre service.
Very bad service.  Their payment method is very strict.  They charge about double what you would pay in Chinatown.  They aren't interested in repeat customers as they are rude.
I defy you to find a better Thai restaurant in this country.  Be careful the cook has a temper.
Flies in this place.
I went to this location on the strip tonight and it was no longer there :-( does someone know if they moved locations?
Yangste Chinese bistro will be truly missed. Really you guys. The new place will not ever compare. Beware that the new place needs lots of work to be able to compare to the lagacy yangste had built
People were not kidding about the SLOOOOW service here.  It wasn't even busy, but our food took forever to come out and it came out wrong items. but we still ate it. foods were pretty bad
We found The Perch by accident and can't wait to go back. Perfect size portions for sharing. Loved the crab cake and shrimp flat bread. The build your own Bloody Mary was both brilliant and delicious. It's refreshing to have a new place to frequent.
One of the best indian food I ever had.
Great place, great food!
Good hospital everybody was very friendly this is my first time going.. \nI looked it up on yelp because my dog needed shots and this one had the best Reviews.. And it was very reasonable
Absolutely horrible - from the terrible service to the awful food. This casino is really nice but definitely skip this restaurant. All four of us were disappointed with our food. I ordered the \"ultimate\" grilled cheese and it was pathetic. It was rock hard bread with unmelted cheese. Terrible.
don't do. \n\nNOT worth the 33 bucks. Will never make this mistake again. Unimpressive is being kind.
Guys. You charge .99 for one donut but 5.99 for a half dozen.  C'mon fix the sign.  I have brought this before on premise but the argued the sign wasn't wrong, but inside it's still 5.99.   fix the sign.
Super friendly staff, great atmosphere, free wifi. If I lived in Madison this would be my home away from home.
This wait is ridiculous. Haven't even tried the food yet but it's been 45 minutes, our waiter hasn't checked up on us in 30 and I had to wait 10 minutes for the single person restroom. This is absolutely unacceptable regardless of how the food tastes.
It's crappy.
Nice selection, local hangout spot, poorly located. At least currently it requires a walk slightly out of the comfort zone for some. Worth it if you aren't too cautious though.
I love this place!  There are TV's everywhere!  It's the place to be!  They have multiple floors for sports viewing, stadium couch seating, gambling room, private rooms, outdoor couch seating (with a pool table), and cold beer!  You can't get any better than that.
Great little place for a quick lunch at a great price! I had their fish tacos- they were fabulous - I wish I had choosen all 3 to be corn but just a preferrance - the flour tortillas were great.
I love this place! The service is excellent! I've gone to several salons and this one is my favorite.
Terrible! silverware was not clean...service was super slow...food was mediocre...took about an hr to get food on lunch break and had to get it to go and order was incorrect as well...not my daddy to say the least!
We come from an area where Thai food restaurants (SF Bay Area)  are abundant so our review is probably a little bit harsh. We enjoyed the vibe , the staff and also there was plenty of parking to to be had. We had soup, flavored salmon and pad thai.
4 pounds of fresh cut greasy french fries with cheese sauce and ketchup has to be had at least once if you are in Pittsburgh.  They literally cover a plastic cafeteria tray with fries for about $5.00 They aren't that great, but there sure are a lot of em.
Great guacamole & enchilada con mole! Surprisingly delicious given the strip mall location.  My food was served promptly.
Service isn't anything to brag about. Kind of rude until they drop the check. But the crispy chix salad an devils spit Bloody Mary are what I come for. Always amazing.
The meat in the chicken and beef pho was overcooked and dry. Service was slow, had to flag down our waitress, who was busy on her cell phone, to get her to help us.
LOVED IT!!! The flavors are awesome. With my favorite mix being:\nCoconut+Strawberry+Apricot Tart+Fresh Strawberries+Nila Waffers= Deliciousness. \nPricing is great as well, staff is friendly and place is clean.
The employees went completely above and beyond to make our experience. A great one. I gave 2 stars because we ordered 6 items and only  1 of them were in need of talking about. The tomato soup. Sounds silly, but it was well worth trying it.
This is a nice theatre in a good area with plenty of shopping in the area.
Dr Cordero is a smart dr. However the wait time and over crowdedness of this place makes it unbearable. I'm at the \"primary care\" part of this facility not the urgent care although they are connected, I must change dr's.
This location is fairly small. However, it still has a pretty decent variety of beers.
Nice location, nice decor... mediocre coffee. \nMaybe it's the barista, maybe it's the machine, maybe it's just bad coffee. \n\nI have it on good authority that the tea is excellent, however.
Within an hour of my post I received an email from Phoenix Children's Hospital asking me to contact them.  A week after my post they took my account out of collections so I can make my last 4 payments to them.  I'm happy with the outcome.
Very good Chicago style hit dogs and sandwiches. Beef sandwich was decent, I added hot peppers & provolone cheese dipped. Overall very tasty and I enjoyed the flavors.
This place was great.  They were the first vet I tried after moving to Pittsburgh and I was very happy.\n\nThe staff at the front can be hit or miss, but all the Vets and Assistants are great.
loved it, will miss it since it's going bye bye due to bankrupcy.
Absolutely amazing!!!!  No cork fee just bring your own bottle!!
I've been to other places in Laveen and this one is the best. Awesome prices and the people are very friendly. Even as a walk in on a busy day they are staffed to meet the demanding need and not having to wait too long. LOVE IT
The music is okay, and it gets SUPER packed. It's not a very big bar but people will squish in like sardines. Considering how loud and crazy it is in here, the bartenders were still nice and the prices for drinks were reasonable.
Good food, found them on IDine. Lots of TV so great sports bar but I was trying to have a conversation.
I LOVE this pizza. I'm totally addicted to the crust and the fact that I can get broccoli and garlic as my toppings.
I love going to the Apple store.  It's pretty standard.  Always busy but I find the associates are super willing to help.  \n\nI always like to see what exclusive cases they have.
This CVS is pretty large and offers a wide variety of merchandise.  The employees are friendly and helpful.
On the strip really ! But the h\u00f4tel is noisy and the breakfast is served from 6 to 9 am and the waitress was not friendly at all. You have to eat it standing up , no room for everyone...  The room was ok, old but clean. You get what you paid for ;0)
The food took forever to arrive and when it did I was grossed out.  The pad thai was more like greasy chow mein.
Pas de place pour s assoir. Comptoir old fashioned genre orange julep. Toilettes \u00e0 l'ext\u00e9rieur  lieux propres. Personnel motive et gentils. Bonne bouffe. Pas de hamburger.
Wasn't impressed by this show and even slept through part of it. I saw another cirque du Soleil show at Suffolk Downs a few years back that was much more entertaining. I have to give the performers credit though, the acrobatics and diving were pretty cool.
Unbelievable! We were in town for weekend and looked up the reviews in yelp for a nearby steakhouse. Service was top notch, wine list extensive and above all an excellent meal. Would definitely recommend it for a special occasion and great meal out.
This place has some amazing Hummus... but the food, unfortunately, is hit or miss, even when ordering the same meal on different days.  I did come here for brunch once and the chicken and waffles were literally still raw - they did comp that dish and offered a replacement.  Just be careful :)
Stopped in for a quick bite late at night as everything else was closed.  Had a club sandwich and some fries.  It is a normal Ihop, nothing fancy.  Service was a little slow, but our food was out at a decent time.  Not many people in that late.
Outstanding!  Best jerk chicken I've ever had
I come here for happy hr all the time, I LOVE IT! Appetizers half off and cheap drinks, it doesn't get better than that. Their firecracker shrimp and shrimp& lobster quesadillas are amazing! Must try. One of the best happy hr menus if you ask me :)
Had dim sum today 2/2/14.  Very good service today even though it was super busy.  All of the different food was good.
Buffet includes liquor...what more can you ask for?  One of my top 3 faves in Las Vegas Buffets!
Good, but not worth the price.
Stopped by for a late lunch because we couldn't decide to eat. Its a bit pricey for the food that was served. I got a hippie wrap that was mediocre but I tried my friends fish taco and it was very good!
Matt is very attentive. He has lots of patience, and seems to be more into the customer service side of things than sales. I ended up purchasing more product because he was so helpful. Cool cat for sure. Their product seems to taste less synthetic than other e juice I've purchased from other stores.
The worst pizza I ever had ice tastes like sewer. I ordered a sub the meat was old and bread was stale. Service sucked don't it here unless you want a stomach ache.
WAY TOO CROWDED! If you're looking to try any free weights, good luck finding a spot. They pack this gym in to capacity. Unless you want to workout at 1am. I gladly paid the penalty for canceling my membership early.
BBQ Brisket is amazing
My life will never be the same. Hands down best taco I have ever had. Truely authentic. With our limit Spanish my group and I weren't sure what we were ordering,the beautiful thing....it didn't matter, everything we order was amazing. Fast, friendly, affordable and the best tasting taco ever.
Favorite is their mango milk tea. Right next to Lee Lee's Supermarket.
Went yesterday and it was crazy busy matt is still in the deli why he is not a manager yet not sure they have him running around like a chicken with his head cut off he is by far the only one who knows what's going on in that store and even the associates from other departments are asking him questions about there job
We needed to grab a quick dinner and didn't have reservations anywhere. They had plenty of seating at 7:30. We had the flautas, chicken fajitas and steak quesadilla. Even with these basic Mexican dishes, they added their own twist to make them special. Very good food.
What a menu selection! Great food and entertainment
Great lunch spot. Perfect portions, amazing prices. Good quality authentic, quick \"American\" Chinese.\n\nChicken and broccoli is where it's at! Crab rangoons were also on point.
The service center was exceptionally accommodating. They promised me specific times and came through right on time. The wait lounge is comfy with lots of amenities to bide your time but of course there's always the courtesy van to take you home or shopping
Even with the construction right outside the property, the hotel was quiet. I kept looking to find something wrong, but everything was clean and tidy. The bed and pillows were very comfortable.  Great TV and channel selections.  I would definitely stay here again.
Coming from Japan, I can attest to the authenticity of the ramen served here.  The flavor of the soup was so rich and delicious, it was truly a treat to get to eat here.  Probably one of the best ramen I've ever ate!
Very nice service!  Good fish, And interesting birthday specials :)
Been awhile, used to go quite often because my friends liked it. Food is not very good, bar side is fun though.
This gym has all the basic equipment that you would need to work out everything. I like this gym for the convince of how close it's to me. It has a kids area so parents are able to leave their children while they work out. They also offer a pool, basketball court, and racket ball area.
We drive 25 minutes every time we want Qdoba. The last couple times our food has been great, but the service sucks. Employees are rude. They don't great you with the typical banter. It feels a lot like we are inconveniencing them. Not sure it's worth the drive anymore...
This is by far my family's favorite go to spot for dim sum. We absolutely love it and take friends and family as often as possible. They have a better selection on the weekend. Yum!
Breakfast burritos are generous in size and only $5.50... Chorizo beans cheese and egg was good. Red salsa is good and spicy but be prepared to pay extra for everything even chips...
Love this place, always very clean and the toppings are always fresh! I wish they had a soda fountain also...
Been going to Mr. Lucky's for years.  Had the gamblers special.  The shrimp, salad, and potatos were very good.  The quality of the steak has gone downhill.  Disappointed.
As far as frozen yogurt goes, there is none even close to how good Golden Spoon is.  They aren't fancy or self serve, but the yogurt is amazing. They also have a frequent flyer card and often offer great deals for discounted gift cards. So amazing I don't know what to do with myself.
Not as good as Corner Bakery in Dallas area, but along the same lines.   Would help if they had some egg white offerings.  Service ok.  Coffee better than average.
Love Brooksies - for propane but also BBQ essential. They have a friendly knowledgeable staff and their prices are competitive.
This place is brand new, clean, and reasonably priced.
Worst ceviche I have ever experienced in my life. Probable -stars. One of the more expensive items on the menu which was of kid size.
Debbie made a gorgeous gift for my husband. I urge you to avoid over priced jewelers and go to Debbie for your unique jewelry.
Good store. Always has what I need.
this pizza tastes just like peter piper pizza.. except the games and such.. awesome crunchy wings prices are great.. they have live shows on special days.. really great staff.. the wibe is great. great atmosphere
I just picked up my slacks from here they adjusted the waist and it was perfect. It was also affordable and the people are so nice, as for the review complaining about the price its ridiculous to give a bad review because of the price. You should ask how much its going to be before you drop things off and commit.
Guess my original review was right on. They are now closed.
The entire staff in exceptionally rude. The representatives they send are always late, grumpy and overall not helpful. STAY away from this company. Avoid at all costs.
Checked in here while in town for a wedding. From the time we walked in the door to the time we checked out we had nothing but the best service from the extremely friendly staff. The room was always super clean, the bed was comfy and the pool area was really lovely. I would recommend to anyone staying in the area.
A very very long wait like two hours,  this is the best pizza in the state of az but wating two hours to eat is not right.  The pizza is really good.
Fantastic, competent, same-day service with a smile.  Excellent price, as well.  The comments found about Gabe on any of the other five-star reviews here sum it up.  You won't find better.
LOVE IT! \nWe are regulars here and enjoy our sushi! Always consistent, great staff, good prices (matters when you go every week! )
More than three years later still great California style family dining. The burgers have a great charbroiled flavor and the chili fries are perfect. You can always count on Phyllis and Team keeping you happy.
This was the most amazing food I have ever had. Starting with the table side guacamole, every dish we had was presented fabulously only to be outdone by the incredible flavors.\n\nHank said \"boing!\"
I love this place so far. I'm so glad we have something like this in Maricopa. I've been working out here several times a week since it opened and don't have any complaints. I love the gym, but I also can't wait until the pool opens this summer!
Get the concrete mixer, you'll love it!\n\nOther than that, it's fast food.
Worst airport EVER!
Seriously? I order a drink and the waitress wants me 2 finish my 1st drink so she doesn't have to make my 2nd and give me a clean glass? Alrighty Then!
Nice location, great place to go shopping if you don't want to deal with the typical mall.
Not too impressed , very crowded ,Loud , poor seating , Gyro had little to no flavor, Expensive , Poor parking. Sorry Guy's ,I wont be back.
Amazing burger and great experience. Wait staff was so friendly. The unique burger flavor combinations paired were wonderful.
Had a carne Asada burrito it's was pretty good. But I do like chipotle better.
We didn't enjoy our meal because of loud - mouthed staff. When we asked them to tone it down,  one of them replied that  the restaurant is a public place. How lame is that! !!!.don't come here if you want to have a pleasant meal.
Service is pretty bad and eclair or croissant were not good at all. Very much overrated. We had to ask for silverware and water twice. It wasn't very crowded either. Nothing we had was close to average including the brunch plank. Only above average item was the French toast.
I am definitely not impressed with this place. They don't have their stuff together, the ambience is too chaotic, and the crowd  drawn to this place is absolutely classless. Their restaurant staffs should  be retrained so they're not running around like headless chickens. No desire to come back here.
Love this place ! Food\nIs so authentic and the service is not bad at all ! Definitely recommend this to everyone
While the service was above average the food was so-so. I ordered the New York Strip and it was grisly with little flavor.
Perfect food, unbelievable service. Don't hesitate to try this steak house!
A little piece of paradise for the senses!!! Great atmosphere, amazing fresh food, and super sweet customer service at acceptable prices!!! I never drink coffee and had a dark chocolate mocha worth breaking my 14 year coffee free streak!!! Love love love everything!!!
Horrible service. They have messed up my order twice. I had to call customer service and complain and they kept messing up my order. It's no complicated to read an order when making a sandwich. Since the one manager left Tom it's not the same place and they don't take care of their customers. Not happy with this place.
Best airport restaurant I've ever been in!  Great prices, great food.  Our server Michael was great, gave good suggestions and provided awesome service!  Would definitely recommend to anyone traveling through Phoenix airport.  Kudos to Michael, thanks!
Order the corn beef sandwich, and be sure to share it with a friend.  The chicken soup is good too.
I love this restaurant I used to follow the food truck. Everything here is so unique. Its definitely one of a kind
Love their tacos. Service is fast and friendly. Place is clean..bathrooms clean. Need to be better at keeping the guacamole made so people don't have to wait.
Very good sandwiches, just a bit small.  Double the meat if you want a more manly sandwich.
Everything about this place is amazing. But if you want to be adventurous, order the veggie sandwich with bacon. \n\nThey'll look at you funny, but you'll thank me for it later.
Quality control seems to have disappeared here.  The crust is a disaster these days... and they're really slow... 45 minutes is too long to wait for a casual, mom & pop pizza joint.
Service here was amazing. Ask for Tammy!
My previous review was very harsh, but true.  I met some friends at the roosevelt last week and the service was perfect.  I have had nothing but poor service previously, but this new hipster guy that waited on us was a really great waiter.  So, I'm upping the stars, hopefully the service keeps improving.
Horrible urgent care, will never go back. Dr couldn't care less about his patients. ( I saw dr.singh)  There are a plenty of other quick cares in the Greenvalley /Henderson area do not waste your time coming here
local businesses like this are the scourge of Tempe. No concept of anything resembling service. Dirty. Inedible cardboard food. On it's way out.
had an absolute ball! so happy white castle came to visit! can't wait for the next one later this year! i'm soooooooooooooooo there!
I just stopped in for a milk tea with tapioca and it was great.  They will adjust the sweetness if you ask them to. I am looking forward to going back to try their crepes. They have some specials that look like good deals too.
The service was top notch. You must try the pork nachos.  Dressings are all made in house and are very good.
Easy to get your drank on.  They fill you up.  Basically $15 since it's $14 for a yard long drink and then $1 tip.  Everyone gets the same thing (the most alcohol one - 180 Octane and something else).
This is hard to do as I never give one star reviews, but it is hard to review a company that doesn't return phone calls. Don't leave a message saying you will return a phone call after business hours when you have no intention of doing so. I will be taking my business elsewhere.
Watching Monday Night Football, Packers kicking falcon butt! Great happy hour prices, great food and fantastic waitress Brittany! The tv is ridiculously huge, it's like we're at the game!!
Having a bit of a wander around Edinburgh and looking for something just a little lighter than standard fare for this city.  We tried this funky little place and really enjoyed our lunch.  Great service and a nice decor.  Try the spinach, goat cheese, and sweet potato pie.
What a disappointment! After seeing all the great reviews, we walked all the way there from where we were staying... only to find that it was closed. Had there been hours listed on their Yelp profile or website - or even a phone number - we could have found this out without wasting our time.
The gyros are good, best French fries ever.  A slice of pizza took a long time.    I like how small it is.  Family run.  Go here while waiting for your mienke oil change.
This is typical of the overpriced diner but with neato interior design in Las Vegas. Great for groups and drunk eating if that's your bag, baby.
Bad Chinese food. Small space. Bad service.
Amazing!  Great food, service and drinks. Not just burgers. This is our \"go to\" place.
One word.  Sloooooow!
It seems like the products are made poorly.  I don't care what the suggested retail price is compared to what you are selling. The staff is usually to busy talking to help you and the customer service desk is not very knowledgeable of their products. I don't think I will be going back.
Fantastic. Shrimp creole was great. So was the chicken and sausage gumbo. I will be coming back.
Meh. What's all the hype about? It's hard to believe it's run by the same people as Monty's diner because the service and food quality are so much lower. Not worth the wait.
I have given them another chance and they have won me over again. The coffee itself is really good and strong. I have yet to retry the food and the portion sizes but I do wish they offered larger whole bean coffee bag quantities other than 12oz.
Love, love, love this LV store ! The people were very friendly and helpful, not snotty like you might find in other LV stores. The sales associate went out of her way to help me find the perfect wallet . Sssooo pleased with my purchase !
Horrible customer service. A gentleman walks in and asks for two spareribs and will pay any reasonable price and the girl said no. Sad, sad. Then I ask for one extra hot sauce for my take out order and was told no. Really, it's just hot sauce.
Would give zero stars if i could! Over ten dollars for four doughnuts? No prices listed. No descriptions listed. And the doughnuts were so GREASY! You could taste it. My hand was covered in it. We didnt even finish them, just tossed them out. Will never go back. Go to Pinkbox instead!
They have incredible food and the service is fantastic. Will absolutely travel from anywhere to come and dine here!
Meh... \n\nSuper slow going southbound in the morning. I've discovered I can get to work quicker on surface streets, which are no picnic.\n\nDecent ride when it's not rush hour.  Nice view through the mountains.
Useless.  I'm told they \"don't do iPod classics\", even though I already have the replacement parts AND tools, I just need help with the labor.
My favorite little neighborhood bar to hang out.  Great food, Great bartenders, Pool, Video Golf and Video Poker.  The service is fantastic and the bartenders know you by name.  I even hit my first Royal Flush on video poker here!  Cool place on the southwest side of town.
Was just stopping through on our way to Las Vegas. \n\nIt was 7:00AM in the morning...the Starbucks line moved quickly...and everyone was friendly.\n\nThats enough for at least 4 stars :)
Got to enjoy a couple pretty tasty orders of garlic tuna and albacore, not too bad. Then ordered a \"The Win\" roll, also, not too bad. Got halfway through my Win roll when a wandering cockroach walked across my plate... I rest my case.
Awesome Greek food and wonderful service. It's a family run business and the food is fabulous. If you're in the area and craving Greek food, this is the spot.
It's Papa John's...what can I say.  It's not great, but not bad for fast pizza.  Even though it's not great, at least you know what you're getting every time.
Not my idea of authentic Korean, has Korean flavor but portions are small, menu is limited . Wasn't impressed and I'm Korean.
Went today for the first time. Great toys, treats, and other goodies for my pup! Bought a new collar and matching leash that is not only great quality, but also super cute and priced fairly! I will definitely be back soon!
Love this place, so many beautiful items, i bought a lovely dining set so beutiful and the prize omg, so happy and clean and a very nice lady attending all customers, her name is Iris, love it !!!
Horrible service and horrible food. The seafood pasta was under cooked and had a very fishy taste. The chicken marsala tasted like chicken teriyaki from a cheap Chinese restaurant. Worst chicken marsala ever!!!! Do not eat here. Even their bread came out cold with their cold red sauce for dipping.
Best pho I've had since moving to the area!  Servers are nice and helpful (which is great if you don't know what you're getting into) Cafeteria style seating in a cozy but clean atmosphere.  We'll be back!
What more can you ask for?  Tasty food and efficient yet friendly service in a cozy, romantic environment.  They only take reservations for a group of 6 or more so be prepared to wait about on hour on busy nights.  Although we waited for about 45 minutes, it was well woth it.
Cool atmosphere, awesome mix of people and its super close for me.
I am sorry to say but it's the worst indian food I have ever had. The food is not fresh and tasted as if it was from previous day's buffet. I am from india and can tell easily by eating indian food if it's fresh or not. Waste of money at this place.
I'm extremely upset with Corleone's. I waited 2 hours for my delivery order and he didn't have change that I really needed. They lost a loyal customer
Now who thinks of going to a grocery store for a meal and a drink.  this place has it all; eat,drink, be merry and shop before you go home. give this place a try.
Have seen Mystere...Absinthe and a couple other smaller shows.   I love this show.  For me and my friends it was by far the best.
Who would've thought. Awesome lunch and salad.  Love the Don Gobbler.
Best bakery, very awesome atmosphere.
the prime rib was good. decent buffet but nothing wow.
The caprese salad and flautas are amazing! Great service and excellent food. I'll definitely be going back.
I will never return here. Went to grab pizzas on the go and the manager ruined my experience. She was rude and made me feel like we troubled her ordering pizzas.
Couple patients and I have been waiting for 2 more hours even with the appointment.  They are nicely keep asking everyone to wait. And we wait until the office is closed and the reception left. And we stuck in the office with no one but the security.  They just think we would leave if we keep waiting without refund.
Cash only, no drink refills, no phone orders, no ketchup, 90% breading 10% shrimp, and frozen fish. No thanks. Hey Pete, can I get my money back?
Great food and awesome dining room decor! Monkey bread was delicious and the Farmer's Toast was so fresh! The Corned Beef Hash was also very tasty. Definitely a must-go if you like farm to table dining!
We had a fantastic pizza half Hawaiian half the works. It was warm and cozy atmosphere super fresh salad and great tasting pizza.
Love the trainers! Trace is a great man baby to work out with... Boot camp and yoga are awesome! Sauna & steam room are a plus.
Cuban chicken sandwich was delicious, only wish the one side of the toasted rye wasnt soggy.   The Orzo was enjoyed by my 18 month old!  She loved it!  Iced tea is always the best, love the new refillable cups!
Great local beers, live music and awesome food!! On a cold night my husband and I came here and split the pasta fusilli with chicken and the grilled cheese with roasted turkey. Both were a huge hit for us. Mark said he is going to crave the pasta!
Crepe shop in New York New York. They serve sweet and savory crepes to order.  The breakfast Crepe was  a bit too bland. The cannoli Crepe was sweet heaven. Good for a quick stop for a bite while gambling.
Great food--a hidden gem. Inexpensive French bistro and pastry and French tea (nearly impossible to find in Phoenix).
If you connect in Charlotte expect constant delays!!!!!   Every time I connect through to Dulles I experience planes with mechanical delays
Love Sushi Loca!  Lots of variety, tastes great, nice atmosphere, fast service!
Thankfully my sister-in-law directed me to Al's Beads. Now it's always on my list of stops when I go to AZ. The quality of the stones are truthfully represented, the prices are fair and the staff is very knowledgeable.  I will not buy any turquoise anywhere else, period!
Food is good, Meat Jun, spicy pork ,and Kalbi.. just like Hawaii kine Yummy's and Tasty BBQ, btw the owners are from Hawaii also.. wit side of mac salad, kim chee, long rice, and much more. Prices are reasonable.
Solid pizza and huge slices, 1 is a fair snack and I don't think you would ever need more than two.
Great service and modern flow - always a great time - close to light rail fun restaurants, bars, etc
I come for the salads & cookies. when I'm feeling it of course.
I had the pulled chicken on country bread, he had the pulled pork sandwich. I wasn't impressed.. the meat was too saucy and the sauce didn't have a great flavor. The guy behind the counter was very nice and helpful for us newbies. For me, the food just didn't cut it.
Sure tell the snowbirds are back. Wow it's packed and everybody is having a blast. Sicilian chicken soup is sooooo good
This place is okay if you're not expecting too much. It used to be a lot better. But the last time I went some gay guy grabbed my husbands ass. The drinks were wayyyyy too weak and the music was kinda old. \n\nThere are worse clubs in Vegas I can definitely attest to that!
Do not, I repeat, do NOT go to the nail salon next to Dillard's. Very horrible service, they do not listen to you, they do a horrible polish job and of course the typical Vietnamese gossip the whole time which is very annoying.
Go here for the beer on happy hour.\n\nOtherwise, it's an overpriced bar with semi-decent food that's also overpriced.\n\nAvoid the pizza, Tombstone freezer grade.
OMG was so happy when they opened in Vegas. Even though the Vegas namesakes are good all time fav is bacon chili chz dog & fries of course - amazing! Staff is always friendly & keep the place lookin nice.
Delicious food, wonderful service. The small plates were awesome. Great dinner choice!
Just saw an ad on TV, not 10 minutes ago advertising unlimited soup, salad, and bread sticks for lunch for $6.99\n\nI called the restaurant and they said they wouldn't honor that price.  \"It varies by region.\"   \n\nSo does my selection of place to eat.
So disappointed in this place. Been going for years but the food is inferior and the wait staff and others hustled us out quickly. We will not be back. So sad.
We loved this place.  My wife and I love Chinese food and have tried many restaurants across the valley. The Egg Foo Young and General Tso's Chicken were excellent.  Presentation was attractive, service was efficient and friendly, and the restaurant was clean.  Family style dining.  Worthy of many rerturn visits and delivery orders.
Always too hardcore.\nLeave here blacked out* and bleeding**\nLong. Island. Iced. Tea.\n\n\n*Jessiee thinks she paid for a drink here with her Macy's card.....\n** From the knees\n(b)
The food was good, but it's a bit over priced. My burrito literally only had the steak in it.
Excellent! Highly recommend!
I go here every other Thursday. The chicken is so juicy and tender. The different types of sauces for the meats are very good! The quinoa stuffed avocado is crazy good!
I agree with an earlier post the staff was extremely friendly and helpful and the restaurant is clean. Not fancy, but very clean. The food was too dry for me.
The sandwiches here are alright but the price can't be beat considering everything in Vegas is very expensive. How other people really like the sandwich it is kind of like a cult following, I only consider this if I'm starving lost all my money gambling... Not that I gamble
The best frozen yogurt ever! The cake batter always taste the same. The yogurt is creamy and not to sweet. This location is always clean with a super friendly staff.
A wide range of mouth watering fudge sold here.   It is a family run business that has been in this location for many, many years! You can watch the fudge being made through large glass windows!  Super delicious!!!  Try the butter tablet.  I think this unique to Scotland!!
Nancy Erdmann was very rude and insensitive. I felt rushed.  Sadly, I'm someone that's going through a tough time health wise and I'm just looking for a good doctor to listen and help me.  The search continues...
Glad this place is finally closed.\nFamous by now for trying to totally rip people off.\nWhat a horrible experience.\nSee ya!
Typical bar food but the drinks are where it's at. The moonshine slushed are yummy!..especially when you mix them together!
I love this store and I love Jan, the owner of the store! She always has what I need.... or she goes out of her way to get it. This is definitely my go to place for anything cake or candy related!
Benny florentine was great!! Great mix of flavors.  Atmosphere was nice
I really like Bond with the street view of the strip and cozy couches and good music. The drinks are pricey but thats a no brainer but to hang out and get the Vegas vibe it is pretty cool.
I went to Serendipity 3 a couple years ago but didn't get a chance to do a review.  I really enjoyed their service.  There was a very long line to get in.  Once we were seated, however, the food came quickly and was hot and yummy!  The waiter was really fun and cordial.
Leaving to go to George and dragon...have been sittin at booth for half hour and no waitress in sight. Sigh...
Came here for lunch the food isn't bad, service is ok. Last time we went was a better trip, dunno if we will come back again. If your gonna eat here better to have a coupon just to try the place out paying less than you would have by just stopping by.
Went for the first time a week ago, heard a lot of great things about it, thought it was expensive but really it was reasonable priced, food was great, just took forever to get a table even tho it was a week day, but I guess it only means they doing something right.
Tried lunch.  Salad over dressed. Sandwich missing sauce noted on menu. Service very slow given only three tables occupied.  Can't recommend.
Slow & expensive and overall the worst experience I ever had at a printer. It took them over 30 mins just to wire-o one document...!
Very friendly, very good food and clean. \nCheese fries, cheese sticks, quesadillas and pizza were all good. \n\n\nCon. Cold in their they needed to turn heat on.
We have never had a bad experience here. Great wings, ice cold beer, and fantastic staff.  Much better than other BWs we have been to.
Not very clean and rooms smell funny. Not geared for thwarting younger crowd.
Pretty fun spot. Food is not amazing, but it's outdoor seating makes up for that. Cheese and fruit appetizer is quite good, I think appetizers and drinks are swc's specialty.
Just came here to grab a frozen hot chocolate.  When we got here, there wasn't a line, but when we were grabbing our drink, the line started to wrap around the building!  The frozen hot chocolate tasted really good, but it would definitely not be worth the wait or the price.
The dumplings and the noodles are quite plain: I can't say it's yummy, neither it is bad. It is kind of Chinese food, but something must went wrong...
Attempted to call numerous times just to ask get a price quote on an install only to be transferred numerous times with endless ringing and never received an answer.  They won't be receiving my business because apparently they don't want it.
10$ for a Cr\u00eape. Really?????\n\nOverpriced & Bad. Never ever again
A must try, Chicken is great. I have never had this combo before, but will say it was better then I thought
Great, fun atmosphere, and good food! What more could you ask for?!
It gave up the ghost and Stone and Vine has been there unite a hike
Chicken soup is delicious plastic chairs uncomfortable kinda noisy
In love with this place !!! Service are awesome ! Food are also awesome !! I order the pastry basket and chicken and waffle for brunch, stuffed!! My coffee is bottomless !! I'll definitely will visit again!!
Decent food, fun atmosphere. not New York.  Had the pizza and chicken parm. In a pinch not bad, reasonable but small portions. The crust was ok but not a great, and the chicken parm was small.
One of my favorite meals I had on my last trip to the city! Oxtails, sides and desserts were outstanding!  Ill be moving to town in a few months and I hope to become a regular :)
Fair Oaks Diner is wonderful and I always am extremely satisfied when I go there. The cherry cobbler is amazing, and all the special omelletes are delicious. The atmosphere is homey and feels warm.
Was nice for awhile but lately, on weeknights, the vibe has been dragging. And the music played over the soundsystem has been odd, if considered music at all. I guess most people wear headphones anyway but would be cool to have a better vibe with some type of subscription music played overhead.
absolutely wonderful --- it's huge -- there's all kinds of awesome foods for sampling and purchase... I left with about 10 lbs of various cheeses -- all the samples from all the vendors were awesome -- it wore me down walking the entire market...\n\nwill absolutely visit again
Staff is nice and the price is fair. Car condition is superior.
Love their cheesy stuffed crust pizza! And my friend says they got the best hot wings in town :)
I must say, the portions are huge.  We had a party of six and ordered six different entrees. It was way too much food.  I had the French toast and it was delicious.  I would recommend coming here for breakfast because we weren't very impressed by the lunch menu.
It definitely shows its age.  The exercise facility is small and quite crowded.  The pool is nothing to write home about.  Well, at least it's cheap and clean.
The most amazing place! Absolutely stunning! Must to see!
I wanted to give this place a one start but because the food was not bad,  I am giving it two. The bad part part was the service,  simply horrible. The table was not well cleaned,  the waiter got an attitude and ignorant. I am not sure if I will go back.
This place id FILTHY!!! All the teenies working there need to get off their phones and maybe wipe a table off? Went for a blizzard and there was not one clean table. SERIOSLY?
Helpful friendly staff always available when questions arise! A+
We went here because we had a gift card. We will definitely be back. We had the bacon  wrapped shrimp and carne asada, both excellent! Service was spot on and atmosphere was charming. Will recommend to friends! Cheers!
They really dont care if you buy or not . Good luck getting help walk around for 30min no one even said hi..I would go to Spencer appliances on san tan and market in gilbert.
Blah, I should have ordered the wings \"charred\", but I will most likely never go back to this place, very common food, not worth the price. And the reviews were right the waitress disappears to God knows where.
Based on yelp reviews I went in for Capt Crunch French Toast. Exciting as it sounded it wasn't five stars but the server was very helpful and attentive so that makes a difference. The burger menu looks amazing so I will return for that. Good burgers are always a plus.
I had the 6 oz herb chicken pita and it was delicious. I also added a Cyprus smoothie (strawberry and mango_ which was quite tasty. I would definitely return.
great show. Experience better. Seats were upgraded....stop all the bitching about how expensive the seats are..YOURE IN VEGAS. I was thankful they upgraded my seats due to it being unsold....
The bartender made an excellent Moscow mule, and the nachos were bomb. Would definitely go back.
Love Teres! Super clean, very affordable, and ultra friendly. Darlene and Jamie are the BEST! (Ask Dar for some bad Haiku LOL).
I have ordered from this place two times, and both times my order was wrong.  How does a pizza place screw up a two topping pizza? Not only was it wrong, it was cold and tasted so bad that the teenage neighbor boys wouldn't even eat it.  Yuck!
This place really scares me sometimes.  I bit into a taco last night and grease literally streamed out the other end.  Luckily I'm already on Lipitor.
Ask for Amanda! She welcomed me with tea and always askes how I am. Hair came out fab... Also love the location in the Arts District. I'll be back!
Kimchee Poke - rubbery\nSpicy Poke - good\nTako - ok\n\nGreat idea, but perhaps I was there on a slow day with not so fresh freshness.
After growing up here and having this open space it is difficult to see it developed into the park it is.  It is well maintained consideering the use it gets and is a nice recreation spot
Takes terribly long although I am Gold Member. Name is not listed on the board. Endless discussions.... It took 45 min to get the car.
Great selection of supplements and awesome drinks. They know their stuff and will help you with what exactly you're looking for. Great prices!
Amazing. Was not bored for one second. Only negative point: there isn't really any storyline. Was in the first row and got splashed a few time (just a little).
Hour and a half delivery time was my option.  Offered $100 tip for something faster.   They thought I was joking.  I literally had a hundred ready to go but they wouldn't do it and thought I was joking.  They even hung up on me. I get that since it seems over the top but I was serious.  Sad face :(
It's meh. \n\nSpinach dip appetizer was bland, but my shrimp pad Thai was pretty tasty. I won't be coming back because I feel there are many better places around like the sandwich shop across the casino floor. Now that is pure nomnomnom.
Avoid at all cost... Got sick here.
The burger is alright, even though it doesn't have any flavor. I like their fries but it comes in little quantities. Overall an okay burger place but overpriced for what we got.
Standard, nothing special. Greek Salad was 80% olives..... that was weird. Fresh bread was delicious though. Steak sandwich was very hard to eat.
Its awesome to be able to see some of my fave comedians locally.  They have a two drink minimum and seating is a little weird but I def cant wait to go back.
A well crafted hole in the wall, it's a average joes type of place, but Bunny the babe bartender we will make you felt right at home.
Love this place!  Its nice to have a different option for Mexican food finally.
Small place on Centre that just opened up, staff is extremely nice and courteous.\n\nDelicious chicken kabobs and proper hookah's - reasonably priced. \n\nPerhaps student discounts would attract more ppl in the future too.
This is my favorite Thai restaurant in CLT. I LOVE the Pad Thai and shrimp rolls. The food is fresh, service is excellent and location 5 minutes from home. What's not to love about it?
Gave them another chance, hoping the staff had changed, or been trained. Glad we did. Service wasn't outstanding, but acceptable. Food was great. With a lesson in customer service, this could be a five star.
Very good barbecue. Too bad it was pork instead of beef. Would recommend it though. Very friendly people, as is the norm in this part of the country.
Great hibachi and Sushi. Fast and clean too.  I have been there many times now and it has been fantastic every time!
I would like to give this more stars as my children did enjoy being there but my husband and I were thoroughly disappointed as we walked through with not much to do and most of the exhibits broken or left a mess. We have a membership and I would really like to see it taken care of!
I have called this company 5 times to get a screen door repaired.  ZERO response.  So much for trying to help a local business.  I will order one direct from the web and do it myself.
To long of a wait, employees complaining \"where did everyone go?\"  No chips, no Guaq (would have been another 10+ mins wait) after already waiting 20+ mins get food.  Employee on cell phone scrambling to make Guaq.  \n\nPoor management.
nothing was really great, I would definitely continue to try other places before ever going back.
My wife bought her new sprint cell from Doug at this Costco.  Doug was so helpful and we got the best deal in town from Costco.  Great Job Costco.
this in and out messes up on my order twice now will drive down to the one in san tan mall from now on
I love this farmer's market! I hope more vendors will start coming to them and showing more diversity. But, no other complaints here. Most of the vendors are super nice, too.
Great patio bar, good location! Loved the live music! Service is excellent, good food & drink specials. Over all good vibe, fun and entertaining. I will be back!
Great burgers.  The burger menu is a little odd so you may have to build your own.  Get that tator tots, they were bad ass!
absolutely love this place!!!!\ni always had spray tans but this is by far great!!!
The small jerk chicken was amazing! It came with red beans and rice along with some dynamite sweet potatoes! Certainly coming back for more taste of the Caribbean...
They sell animals to people that live in states where those animals are illegal. Example: selling ferrets to people that live in California. These people don't care about animals, they care about money! Adopt, don't shop! They prolly get their puppies from mills too.
Don't bother coming here unless you need a last minute gift.
Thors soo fresh & soo clean clean!
our luck was not as good as other,  service was just okay i can say it better then a good buffet so was there food!!  the prime rib was not cook to expectation  \ni don't think i want to try then again \ngood luck
If ur not a middle aged or older women from scottsdale and loaded don't plan on getting any help. There's some great furniture and the name says it all Fiesta.
The staff is very unfriendly here unless you like getting barked at like a dog.  Saturdays are fun for the strippers, but the staff will take your drinks before your finished.  The staff need some serious training on customer service.
Favorite is their tofu soups. Good bulgogi.
Giant servings, cozy home-cooked flavors, more than decent prices. Totally in love with their loco moco. Love this place!
Came here because the original Pancake house we normally come to was torn down since out last visit. Great service, and great hash
Love this place. My husband and I go there often. The staff knows are names and also helps us in trying something new. Ask for the Red Sox roll. YUMMY! Good Sushi at a good price
These guys showed up at my house just a couple of hours after my call. The very nice gentleman explained the charge and spent over half an hour attempting to clear the drain. When he couldn't get it cleared, he explained to me what needed to be done.\n\nHe did all of this and then did not charge me.
One of my favorite treats in the Valley! I have always received great service and AMAZING FOOD! \n\nSure there's a wait, but its only because everyone loves this place. Highly recommend the Pizookie! Large servings, I cant say enough good things about this place.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix.  It's the best Korean food I have had on the West side of the valley.
Slow service. Prime rib arrived cold and too rare. Would not come back.
This place is actually pretty good if you like different types of meat in different types of sauces then this is the place for you. I am trying to get through all of them my favorite so far is the red Chilli burrito or lengua tacos with a horchata!
My tip, try the Adult Milkshake. 16oz glass of ice cream with 1.3 to 2oz of vodka. Plus the food portions are large so don't bother ordering appetizers unless you can really pack it in.
Stopped by this place because we were on the east side of Phoenix and wanted Greek/Mediterranean food. Just happened to find this place out of sheer luck. The food   was great, especially the chicken and rice. Would definitely come back to try more of the food!
I see Kandy every 2 weeks and I have never been disappointed, I love their guarantee and all the colors they have to choose from! The girls at the front are nice, especially the blonde one, she always asks how I am doing. I highly recommend polished!
They close at 9:30 on Fridays? Are you kidding me? If you have to turn away business because you're closing, worse shoo away the customers you have, something is wrong.
Fresh & delicious. Meatball sub was perfect. Soft tasty meatballs, melted cheese on a soft roll. Yum!
I was surprised this business was in existence.  I went for a meeting an wanted to order a single order of French toast.  I was told it is only available on the buffet.  Well that was a wrap for me.  I am glad our meeting is changing either way I will not be returning.
The hours here are terrible. They make no effort to accommodate the customer. Plus it's in the ghetto
Great place for all-you-can-eat sushi. $13.99 lunch, quick and friendly service, and yummy sushi. No complaints! Sushi places only get five stars from me if their sushi is orgasmic, a spot which Ye's couldn't quite reach. Almost there.
It didn't find this place too exciting or exceptional.  The servers were nice and they had a typical selection.  I'd say it is a little overpriced and I would probably just hit up a dairy queen or something to get my ice cream fix.
The food here is delicious, you will not be disappointed!
What a dump! The food is terrible. The service is awful. The clothes are worse.  This is a great place for people with deadened taste buds and color blindness.
Absolutely fantastic. Second time I have eaten here in a week, and today is only Tuesday! Cuban sandwich is to die for. Amazingly fresh ingredients. The housemade potato chips as a side are wonderful. The only thing better then the food is the hospitality. Job well done.
Free and much larger than I expected, this botanical garden was a pleasant surprise.  There are a few corners that are particularly nice, like the Rose Tower and Temple. Meander throughout and try to get lost. Sit a spell on a bench and enjoy the scenery.
Hmmmm well they just \"moved\" around and didn't dance much. The waitresses were slow and the staff was rude. I've seen better for sure.
Do not use! The Salon staff were nice, but the business practices are not. I bought a Groupon that the spa director refused to honor. I was not permitted to speak with the spa director only given a number that was not answered nor were my calls returned. Shame on you Rio Wax Salon.
Not much differentiates this Walgreens from all the others. It does have a drive-through pharmacy, but it's not open 24 hours. The photo counter staff is ridiculously grumpy, but otherwise the staff have been quite friendly. It's clean, never too busy, and the only drugstore in the area.
Terrible! The calamari and olives were okay but the service, terrible, steak was overcooked and tough and the scallops were mediocre. Luckily though we did order the scallops because otherwise the steak wouldn't even have been edible without the sauce. Gordon should be disappointed. What a rip off.
If you're staying at Venetian, it's hard to eat anywhere else for brunch. I mean... this place was literally on our way out of the room. They have a nice patio surrounded by fountains, and the omelets are different every day ;)
I have stayed here for years. Friendly staff And wonderful guest rooms. I love the Carson tower 1 of the last great downtown hotels in fact it could be the oldest casino downtown . original white marble floors , giant shark tank too swim inn and large guest rooms . \nThis place is not next to the Fremont experience it's part of it !
Unless you want to be rush and sign a 12 month lease the same exact date, I wouldn't recommend. (Since your contract to the lease is how they get paid).Your better off using trulia or zillow since you can take your time and actual find a nice home that suits your needs.
Very happy with this company! I will be using them again.  I also refered them to a friend and they were just as pleased as I was.  Friendly and hard working.  Left the house sparkling and even cleaned the inside of the oven which was a nice suprise!
We've been waiting so long for our food that I don't care what it tastes like anymore.
Lines move quickly, they serve coffee & snacks, and they are always friendly. Drive thru ATM's also.-Really why is there braille on the drive-thru ATM?
Great place to watch games inside or outside. Tacos are ok. Chips and salsa ok. Service was great. Hard to find a Mexican place with food that can beat cantina 1511
Is this a daycare or car rental service? I dropped a friend off who received awful directions from staff on how to get here. When we arrived, I could see why. The place was swarming with children belonging to BOTH staff members and appointments were continually interrupted by screams in the back and interruptions for mommy.  Not very professional.
I don't think ANYONE likes going to the dentist.  That said, the staff here makes it as painless & enjoyable as possible.  I had my 2nd cleaning yesterday and they do a fantastic job.  I would recommend this dentist to anyone in the area!
If I could give this place less than one star I would - horrible service and they kept people waiting for over 1/2 hour with about 10 tables open. We finally left in frustration an went to the Mexican restaurant down the street - should have started there and skipped this place all together.
The Fries are good. The burger taste like burger king with thousand island dressing. It's not bad but I have had better
Best spring rolls I've ever had. I frequent this place at least once a week. Try their surf and turf - prepare to be amazed. Also, lemon grass chicken is one of their best dishes.
Just not a favorite place. Food is subpar and bar tenders seem to have their minds on the women customers versus trying to serve.  After giving a few try's will not go back.
Ordered take out Pizza and Wings this evening. Order came quicker than was stated in the confirmation email. The pepperoni pizza (hand tossed crust) was like I ordered it from back home, light with a slight crisp to the crust. Wings were cooked perfectly and meaty. The Gold Spicy sauce was wicked good too.
cheap = nice\n\nbesides that meh, almost no ambience.
Very 'hardcore' Asian food super market. Apparently if they do not have it (Asian food) you don not need it. :)
We were there for last three years for convention.  For $36 a dinner buffet is in a high end price but the food is not that great.\nyou can find a better buffet for that price.
Not bad. The quality is very inconsistent.
Seated quickly despite a full restaurant and lobby. Delicious food. Looking forward for a second visit.
Worst movers, scammers will charge for a step, will charge $39 fro blister wrap horrible people
How do you say \"Wow\" in Spanish?\n\nService was fantastic, the food was off-the charts great and had a home-cooked qualities and the prices were very reasonable.
What a cluster
St Joes is part of the Dignity Health medical group. It is a wonderful hospital with incredibly talented doctors as well as a top notch medical education center. It is a great place to receive treatment for both patient and family due to the nice facilities.
This place has fabulous food and great service. This is a must for anyone visiting Vegas.
Good sandwiches but but not great and I have to say the product is relatively small for the price.  Stay away from the salads though - they were not that good...like ordering fish at a steakhouse I suppose. . \n\nNot sure what all the rave reviews are about - seriously.
On est all\u00e9 pour d\u00eener avec mes coll\u00e8gues, on est sorti en disant bof... Manque de places et de stationnement , une chance qu'on est venu a pied !
Tried them again.  Nope.  They think they're going to win by aggression?  Not in this decade!
Kind of a forgettable experience as far as Irish pubs go. I don't remember much about it. Bland at best...
Vegas pricing.  To be expected.  I can't get over a certain expectation of quality when sushi reaches a certain cost per roll.  The ambiance is fantastic and the service was outstanding.
At night is kinda like a club, it has a Frat party feel to it HaHaHa \n\nThe DJ sucks, don't really know how to mix the music. Hate that there's a $10 fee to enter.
The service is so terrible. They even want to charge 15% tip for that kind of terrible service. The food is just soso. I will never go to that place again.
Two Harley's and four friends for lunch at the Hideaway. We enjoyed a few brews, couple cigars and a great lunch. Will be heading back real soon.
Awful. Went with 6 other goodies and it was a joke. Service, food, timing...no. Spend your $ at Guy Savoy or Picasso if you're in LV.
Friendly and efficient
I usually stop in once a week or so and this place is great. All of the staff members are great to deal with! Jason and Alexis are very professional and courteous. The best selection of craft beer on draft in the area! Nice people! I love spoke and wheel.
Love the cilantro margaritas, patio, and live music.
Yummy!!! Margaritas...yes please!!! \nAmbiance was great. Service was on point. Food was fresh and delicious. I ordered the spinach enchiladas which were pretty good. Tried my friends mole enchiladas, even better!! Overall...really good!!
Despite the somewhat extravagant price ($12 and change per person!) and indifferent service, my coworker and I were suitably impressed with our sandwiches and the speed at which we were able to obtain them at the height of lunch hour. Bonus points for crushed ice, Cherry Coke and an air conditioned patio.
Epanada was amazing! I had enough food from my entree' to feed a family of at least 3. I will definitely be back. The 3 stars is because my entree', Arroz Con Camoron needed more flavor.
This was our 3rd wine tasting and food pairing, again we were not disappointed Dennis out does himself. The food is outstanding and the wine just adds to the pleasure of the whole night.
Umm their bread is good! Their peppers tasted like salt and the rest of the sandwich was eh but don't hold me to this I was kinda sick.
In 2 words - Great place (for lunch)\nEat there 3 times a week, great service, good food, smiley faces all the time, definetly worth a review. Watch out from spice level 5 and up, they can make u go boom!! :-)
Pretty good.  Not bad.  But why did they open up right next to Hue Gourmet?\n\nNote added:  I hadn't yet figured out that this place is vegetarian when I wrote that.
there dryer don't get that hot
The Cuban panini was terrible. The homemade chips were the only thing that saved this place from a one star rating. The lettuce wraps were average. The service was very attentive, but I guess you can expect that on a Monday when the pace is over half empty. If you have the choice, go somewhere else.
The fish and chips basket was SO good! The fish basically melted in my mouth. And this is coming from someone who doesn't care for fish ;)\nAnd the key lime tart was incredible. I will definitely be back :)
The sweets looks like they were made by a rookie and the milkshakes were flavorless. Also, the selection seems a bit short compared to The Milk Shake Factory in the South Side.
Love the food, place is old and out date, little dirty, service is not that great...
Really good beer selection here. We had food from the catering menu. Wings were great, they had a lot of meat on them. Dinosaur sliders sound weird.... Eat them. Beer cheese and pretzels yum.
Like to stop here on Fridays,as your first drink is free. That's right not 2 for 1, free! Had a burger on last visit which was quite possibly the best I have ever had! Fresh,hand patted,with a great bun. Craving another as we speak..Service OK.
The food is good....selection is ok.  The service is good. It is WAY loud ALL of the time.  I understand that it is more of a sprots bar kinda feel but not being able to hear the waitress was a little frustrating/\nWe will go back I am sure of it.
Regular hotel. \nClean and good rooms. Pricing is regular and they have free parking. \nInside they do have good restaurants though.
I swear this place has angels in the kitchen. Amazing food and great service. Food had tons of flavor, and the extra ass cheek gained was well worth it.
Family and I enjoyed eating here. Great price and huge portions. Luckily, we got there right before it got busy. Our server was really friendly. My picky 3 year old inhaled her food. We will definitely go back. I thought it was better than Over Easy down the road.
Terrible service!  Somewhat over-priced and the food was just alright.  I wrote a blog post about it: http://crayonsanddrywall.com/2014/07/30/the-weekend-luke-wholeys-wild-alaskan-grille/
Came here with a group of friends for dinner and drinks. Small plates are great for sharing and everything we ordered was delicious. Staff was friendly and attentive and wine list was extensive with lots of affordable options. Definitely would recommend!
Went to pei Wei the other day.  Honestly service always is accurate, quick and efficient.  Food is also good, spicy chicken, honey seared chicken, fried rice all very good... This fast food is so much better than others.
thank you for las vegas premium outlets for upgrading this indoor mall!!! finally the renovations are done and shopping is very convenient now. they have added more stores and there is two foods courts for customers to enjoy!!
Bring back the Lebanese food! I came all the way to this casino just for that. Disappointed.
Wow, my husband and I were beyond impressed. Drinks are delicious and the the food so amazing. I had the special, which was a red snapper. Easily the best fish I have ever had. And in Arizona, too funny! Stellar!!!
Good solid home style food at a very reasonable price served in a place that is quite possibly the friendliest I've ever experienced in CLT... honestly. The overwhelming majority of patrons are on a first name basis with the staff. \n~Mel's diner... renamed Showmars
The staff is amazing. Tyler took the time to analyze my gait, brought out several different shoes, and set me up with the perfect pair to keep my ankles in proper alignment. This has made such a difference! The shin splints that have plagued me my whole life, no longer prevent me from running.
Very nice library.  Cool staff, good selection, easy to order items they do not have there.  Chill place to kick back as well.  Just wish they didn't have that $1 fee if you forgot to pick up an item on hold......Brutal.
Where do I start... This place has the best frozen yogurt ever! It is in a very convenient location and the inside is bright and fun. Also the toppings were amazing they had flavor combinations I have never seen before! If you want some amazing froyo check it out!
always love publix! best grocery store ever!
I would go back anytime. Went there for lunch with clients; good ambiance, good food, good import beer, good service, good experience!!!
The place is large and spacious with a large bar.  The service was okay but it was the middle of the afternoon and there were not many people in the place.  The draft beer selection was most large commercial brews and were between 5-7 dollars. With a limited number of spots in the immediate area it is a fine place to have a drink.
Love it! Candy bar stout and Irish Nachos!! A must visit in Scottsdale worth the drive from Payson. Will be back soon
Love this place! The people working there are really laid back and nice. They have a good variety of flavors and toppings. Thursdays are buy one get one which is great. Usually when I go there is a guy working there that keeps his dog outside... the dog is really calm and adorable! :)
A month ago, I got a filling job done at Madder's. However, it led to nerve exposure. Now I can't use my left side to eat, I am very frustrated for what he has done.
the cookies were ok, nothing special. I asked if they were a bakery; which means they make the food on site. I was told that they get the doughs frozen from their factory and they (cashiers, not bakers) bake them.
I Took the Yelper advice and ordered green chile burro enchilada style. It was good!
Great food and drinks at great prices! Gave 4 stars because of the wait, but it was worth it!
Horrible people OK food. The food is soap but the owner needs a frontal lobotomy. By removing the little midget from his ass. Don't waste your time. Life is to short to go somewhere with no insurance on the Buisness.
If you're looking for a healthy meal, this is definitely the place. The wraps are good, but a little on the small side. The combo deal is not bad, for $2 more dollars you can add a small smoothie.
Loved the food! Spice levels are good.\n\nThey must start having Buffets on weekdays too!
Place was good. I got the Phat Burger, it was good. Wasn't too busy. Service was fine. Would definitely come back again.
Having a crappy day to.find out.that the valet was.full ...valet person tells me it was full just to.be.lied to as.they let.in other cars ..sad sorry ass employees ...last time I stay here
We walked in at 7:30pm and ordered a salad and a large pizza and same with our friends and we did not get our pizza until 8:45pm! The service was unacceptable, and did I mention that there were only 3 couples in the restaurant!!! Never again will we be going to the restaurant! Poor service!
Good authentic Sonoran hot dogs. Prices for the burros were a little high but were tasty. Would frequent again.
Probably the best sandwiches in vegas
The place has gone through a complete renovation! And the best part is that the prices haven't gone up from when it used to be called ?Great Wall Super Buffet?, the quality of the food has improved as well, hopefully that won't change anytime soon. Will be going back soon! 'nuff said.
Was enjoying a nice afternoon spending money enjoying the Supercross race when one of the managers said they don't play \"motorcross\". So with that I'm never going back to San Tan brewery. Guess a basketball game that's on 6 other tvs is not enough for a couple paying customers.
I like this place, never had anything bad, prices are right.  The wait can be a little bit during lunch hours.
Food was okay. Had the Aloha Bento.  The beef was tough.  Chicken and fish were good.
We are regulars and tonight disappointed that the cornmeal style crust was not presented.  Hope this is not the end of our normalcy!
Came here this morning with my office , and let me just say from the service to the food it was great , Ryley was so nice ! We will definitely be coming back :) !!
Waiting 45 min past reservation, while being told several times you're up next is unacceptable. They over crowd and generate extra income in the bar.  Then would you like still water... Yes, but you might mention its $9 bottle .. Good food but not worth the attitude and delays
Stopped in for a quick appetizer and beer after work and it was Wonderful.  Beer was fresh and tasty. Ordered the ceveche and it was AWESOME!!!  Great prices. Great atmosphere!  Loved it!
Good little greasy spoon. Decent prices and for good food.
Delicious and amazing quantity for the prove you pay. Friendly employee. We will be.back
Drive by Popeyes many times but never stopped in until yesterday. I was very happy I stopped in. Great tasting food and pleasant employees.
I only came here for the frozen hot chocolate...just to see what it was about.  Honestly, it was quite disappointing.  I was hoping for a stronger chocolate flavor.  I was okay with it mainly because I was sitting outside on the patio in the scorching heat.  The service was great, but I won't be coming back here.
OMG I love this place personally it's the best! I love how when you get it to go and they get it ready in 10 minutes, I also love the employees there so kind:):)
Thank you for making a beautiful ring! Sylvia was wonderful to work with and we love the finished product.
This location sucks. Rude and unfriendly employees on multiple occasions. Their selection of food is easily rivaled by the 215 & Rainbow location.
Sorry folks. We love Thai food & even have spent time in Thailand. This was not good Thai food & very expensive for what you get. We will not be returning.
Negative. Food was totally bland until i ate a retadro pepper that burned my tongue so i couldn't tell it was tasteless. Decent delivery time but yea, no.
Got there relatively early (around 6) and ended up waiting around 30 minutes for a couple tacos and then almost an hour and a half for a burger. Food was good but nothing extraordinary. Unless you get there right at five, bring beer and chairs then this isn't worth the hassle
Pretty average. Italian meatballs and desserts are good here, most everything else is average buffer fare. Prices are always cheaper if you have a casino rewards card, which are free to get so there is no reason to pay extra. Just go to the casino's card services near the food court and get a free card.
Great staff and the machines are always hot, the food is good and the beer is cold, cannot wait to get back to Vegas to visit this place.
It gets pretty crowded in there around lunch but the sub's and prices are really good and well worth the wait. They are pretty good size sub versus anything you would get at Jimmy Johns or any other generic sub shop.
I ordered the Kalua pork and cabbage with rice and mac salad. The mac salad was average, the pork was bland and the rice was stale. It was like eating 3 day old rice......gross. I was disappointed with the quality of food and will not be returning.
I have been going to Freddie's Nutrition for many years. They always have excellent customer service and have great knowledge of the products within the industry. I would highly recommend anyone seeking performance supplements to visit Freddie's. I recommend all my friends and patients to go to Freddie's for their honest advice and great selection.
Love this place it was my first visit... Wow!!!\nA must visit it you come to Charlotte
Good Italian food at a reasonable price..........some of my family don't like the Pleasure Bar, but they're just snobs.
UPDATE - I did speak with Don the owner here and he did say that he remembered our conversation and that he did not include the freon, which he should have done initially - causing the quote to be off. I appreciated that he was willing to call me back and we split the difference cost wise. Thanks Don
Had a quick stop in the Old Port and wanted to get my usual Montreal fix of poutine and a smoked meat sandwich. \n\nBoth were good, its no Schwartz', but cured my itch.\n\nDon't get stuck on the back patio though, its dark out there.
Walked in.. Waited, waited, waited... bartender saw us just... waiting...then we left... Thanks Grind....
This is a drinkers bar. It's got plenty of TVs, a juke box, Golden Tee machines, pool tables and some couches to relax on to watch the games. NY Yankee fans will give this place 8 stars. No food here so I gave it 3.
This is one of our favorite sushi spots! They have great happy hour deals and a nice atmosphere. Every visit we've made has been a positive one! Be warned, they do not have happy hour on Monday.
Waited over an hour to see the doctor and I had an appt. Their Cimmaron office is much better.  I'll never come here again.
My husband and I were very happy with the professional, skilled massage Mark & Joanne gave, and will definitely book again when we return to Vegas. Recommended!
We just got back from our trip to CA and everything went great.  We really appreciate the personalized service we received and the large selections of motor homes to choose from.  I would definitely recommend using RV Rental Outlet.
The number is out of service!  Disappointed.
Clearly a one is generous. A clear statement by Amex regarding the complete ignorance to running a lounge and incompetence of design. Horrible food, uncomfortable furniture, no service. What the current managers do not understand about travel is shockingly clear - everything!
Great drinks but service is painfully slow. The extremely loud music makes it difficult to chat with friends.
Pricey but a good time waster. I zoned out during the mani-pedi.  I would have scored higher but the 10 min massage was a waste of time and money. Skip the massage.
One of the worst shuttles I've taken.  The driver drove like he was Mario Andretti's brother and wanted to be him.  He took curves almost on two wheels and at one point hit a large rut and threw us out of our seats.  I am under doctors care for back problems because of it.
Yet another great coffee hot spot in the city. Campanelli serves a serious coffee alongside some nice gourmet sandwiches. With Square George Etienne around the corner take your coffee to go and hang out in this great park!
Not my favorite! Lacking service and quality .
Super stoked
Ordered at ORDER HERE sign. She sends me to the cashier. Cashier asks me to repeat my order to him. I give him an \"are you serious\" look. What a bunch of idiots.
The food was decent, but one gets the feeling of eating at the dorm cafeteria in college. The people were nice though. I just wish they had more of a difference between lunch and dinner. Almost everything was the same.\nThe desserts were pretty but most of them failed to make an impression.
I really like this place. Great selection of meats and Latin products with quite a nice produce section as well. I got a tad upset when one of the butchers didn't speak English but when the other one noticed he took over and was pretty helpful. All in all a nice little market.
Lots of cool cars, parking is busy but it's vegas so deal with it. The staff is around and they are very friendly.
Eh, it was ok. I think Circus Circus needs to remodel this place. Haven't been here in years and it looks the same.  My son had a blast so that's all the matters.
Don't like to be the person to go against popular opinion but this place is only ok. There's no real atmosphere there. The food is decent and I've had the brunch a few times. I think I'd like it a lot more if the drinks weren't so expensive.
Love the Iced Toddy!
We come to the Cal for a simple meal at the cafe. We come because we get local comps for playing here.
This place offers a level of inefficiency I didn't think would be accepted in Las Vegas. Waiting to buy tickets... 20 minutes (6 people in line). Waiting for the ride itself... 5 min !
I think one has to be local to really enjoy Shomars.  The food is marginal, and the menu is about 80% sandwiches.  Most meals can be bought for $7-$10 with drink.\n\nBetter than McDonalds.  Kind of like a '50's-style diner, without the ambiance.
Dr J is an excellent physician, always makes sure all questions are answered, you get  real appt. No bullshit. They are very efficient and accessible, prior to Obama care.  Have not been in since that stupid law kicked in.  Really knows his stuff very easy to talk to and he communicates very well.
Yes their food is good but not worth being bitten time after time by spiders. Me and the girls I ate with were bit many times on our legs, when I told the manager he did nothing about it and just said they try to keep the bugs out but it's \"difficult\". Then just shrugged me off. Worse experience ever!
Awsome Place!!!  The manager was so helpful!!  Great guy!!
Food was great! Friendly service . Reasonable price. So much to choose from I had to try hard not to look at the other choices.
Pros: staff is really friendly and usually pretty helpful\n\nCons: food is inconsistent is always very good in flavor but the quality and quantity depends on who's working
Nice to have a bike friendly place to go in the south. Great food and staff as well!
They advertise all u can drink for a certain price but did they forget to mention that it takes them about 20 min to get your drink. Also they kept bringing  rolls to our table that we didn't order. My husband and i prefer nigiri. Over all the food was good but the service is under par.
More and more I am finding that the movies I want to see are not available streaming.  So the price goes way up and you have DVD rentals,  which you can get cheaper at the Library or Red Box.      \n\nI think the quantity is falling at Netflix.  Probly time to shop the other services.
Good food, a little pricey for good food. nice atmosphere. good place for a date or to start out a 21st birthday if you got some money to burn.
Love the sausage! That is my favorite here; best meat they have. Ribs are very good, pork is average. Turkey is also very good. Sides are good here, the deviled eggs you must try.
Hands down best pancakes!!
I've been sitting in the ER waiting room for 3 hours with my 85 year old grandmother who is having chest pains. Unacceptable!
On our way out of Vegas stopped for the night at a nasty hotel(not here)...all was erased when we checked out the buffet as
Po Po Platter to start...cannot go wrong.  The service is fast and they were always checking up on us.  Main dish was perfect, Chicken special and Mongolian beef.  Both were perfect.  Great local spot and I will most definitely eat here again.
Margaritas were weak, and expensive,  $8.50 for a house margarita during happy. Really? I don't think so. \nThe tamale and chicken enchiladas looked amazing,  but were super spicy. \nThe service was ok, not very attentive or friendly.
Be sure u go to the right location, Bethany Home & 16th. Next to Dick's Hideaway
Super fast service! I am so glad you all opened:-) The spinach feta omelette was awesome! Good luck!
Had a mushroom cheese steak. Normally a very tender juicy sandwich. Not this time. Tough and dry. Trainee needs more supervision and training.
Wow. Stella on tap cost ten bucks!!!
I came in for lunch, sat at the bar, was carded for my club soda and felt like I was invisible because I wasn't ordering proper drinks with my food. It was ok bar food at great happy hour price. Nothing really to race about though.
Servicable lunch joint. Large selection of sandwiches and quick service. Slightly higher on the food chain than Subway or Blimpie.
Best foie gras dishes you'll find anywhere. If you're in montreal, don't miss this place.
I had a facial and it was great.  They use top of the line products...steam...shoulder massage.  All for only $17.\nDoesn't get any better than that!
Chopped pork, corn bread, soul roll, blacked chop Delicious.  Agree greens a bit stemy but still good. Strawberry cake fair banana pudding eh. I'd go back!
I came in to get a pedicure with,my friend and we had a lively time. Great atmosphere with legit technicians.
Just go, you won't be sorry.\n\nTwo stories, darts/pool, nice variety of \"working man's beer,\" decent jukebox, interesting crowd, and good atmosphere. Feels like you are in the middle of wisco...
Gloppy sugary sweet flavorless anglofied sauces.  Tiny bowl for your food choices.  Intrusive server. Fresh ingredients.  The perfect Mongolian BBQ for Republicans.
All around great food.. the burgers, the sushi, the appetizers are delicious! I definitely recommend the tuna tar tar app and the nachos! Great drinks list and fun bar scene. This place is also really nice in the summer because it has a big back porch.
I went in there once and none of the employees greeted me or even acknowledged my existence. I browsed their materials for about 10 minutes and a couple employees walked by me and never asked if I needed help! Terrible customer service!
We expected better food. It tasted like California Pizza Kitchen. Not impressed !
Not much to say other than the FREID CHICKEN with honey and hot sauce. No questions just order it!
Food is fine. Manager could learn a bit about customer service. New employees don't seem to have been trained. Meh. What do I expect from fast food?
did not stay here, but did explore inside and even did the gondola ride.
The food was good.  Had the filet mignon egg sliders and fries for lunch.  \n\nService was a bit rushed and not overly friendly.
A gem in the west valley! great atmosphere and and live music. The coffee is always fresh and the food is tasty.
I thought my salad was disgusting.  I had chicken on my salad and I thought I was chewing on a chicken foot....Yuck! There was almost no lettuce mostly black bean juice and gristle.  I will not go back again and I suggest you don't either.
Sorry... can't get over the teaspoon of orange juice.
I bought a dozen confetti cupcakes with buttercream frosting for a party.  I tried one and the cake was so dense and dry I decided not to bother bringing them to the party. Pretty disappointing considering how pricey they cost.
This is the single best fried chicken on the planet. The only thing missing is the bulletproof glass.
I called to ask a general question.  I finally got through the automated messaging, and the phone started ringing.  They picked up and immediately hung up the phone.\n\nThis happened twice... the second time she actually said \"hello\", then hung up.
Ok I cannot understand the reviews nor the ratings here. My only explanation is that no one has ever visited this place sober, ever. Unfortunately yesterday night I did and it was an awful experience. The pizza was, in one word, disgusting and quite cold. Just stay away, even if you are dead drunk.
Great place! Our favorite item by far is the crispy Thai tofu (and I'm not a vegetarian). The sauce is awesome and the tofu is firm and crispy. They're like mini French toasts.
Small portions.  Not tasty.
Amazing food and excellent service. LOVED the porcini rubbed delmonico.
I've been to this location many times for both take-out and dine in. Lunch and Happy Hour are my favorite times to go.  I enjoy the food and for some reason they have the best chocolate cake I've managed to have.  I'm not sure why there's is the best but it most definitely is!
Horrible service. Wouldn't give me what I was asking for for no reason, they lost out on the money they would have made from me. Don't go there.
I had an incredible time here because I was with good company and the service was good, but honestly, I can't remember much about the food.  I do remember the incredible view!  I want to go back and give this place another try.
Waitress was awesome! Food very good! Drinks were cheap. A local favorite.
My health is better because I have been coming to Vitality Health and Wellness for the last two years. I like that Dr. Christy Thomas is integrative and combines traditional medicine with alternative wellness approaches. For someone wanting to be proactive with their health I would highly recommend scheduling a consultation.
Strange place... Rocking club like music with a pretty big Italian menu. We ordered the pizzas which were just ok.
AWFUL LEARN HOW TO RUN A RESTAURANT!!  Decent food but who wants to wait 2 hours for a crape?? All the guest look at each other like What the heck is going on. Pathetic!!
I wrote a review on Sunday and now it's gone ? It was about their very, very poor service. Where do the reviews go that are up on the Yelp website and then disappear from the businesses page one is reviewing?
First time here I ordered the chicken kabob entree.  The service was very slow, not sure if it was just a bad day for them but I was waiting a pretty long time for my order.  The food was excellent though so I am willing to give it another go around!
I don't understand how you offer delivery and I literally live on the same road, less than two miles away and you don't deliver to my area. Seriously the SAME road?! It doesn't make sense to me.
excellent service and food. Steak was a bit under done, but fabulous flavor (towards rare side of med rare) and i didn't want to send back and cause delay for my guest to eat. otherwise, was a fabulous night.
Spinning classic 80's and 90's music all night.
I was staying at a hotel near by and room service had ended. Went in yelp and found this gem. Called in an order for a veggie pizza at 11: 10, pizza arrived at 11:40. Delivery guy was very pleasant. The free \"check in\" garlic knots where tasty.
(with apologies to Jerry Maguire):\n\n\"I love Joe's! I love Joe's for the perfect BBQ restaurant it wants to be. And I love it for the perfect restaurant it almost is.\"
The dealers manning the roulette tables get icky and weird when someone is winning consistently. They act rude and create an atmosphere of animosity. Aria in comparison was real good, had fun at Aria. Avoid Pallazo for casino.
I guess I expected better. The staff didn't interact with us at all and there selection wasn't that great at all.
There is a problem with the expiration date on their milk. With 4 days until the \"sell by date\" it was sour. This is not the first time this has happened. I don't buy my mild their anymore.
What a fun place! Just a hop and skip away from the light rail and the perfect stop during the art walk.  The food is tasty, booze selection is fun, and the architecture is great.  Not huge on all of the expansion around it, but the food has stayed the same.  Give 'em a try!
I love Chocolate! \nSee's is all about the free samples, see-gars, and chocolate lollipops for me. All of the samples I have had are really good, and I would consider giving the create your own box of chocolate card as a present, but they lack chocolate covered fruit. Tisk tisk.
Awesome! Honest and fair. Will do business again. I came from Gene's Auto Worx in Tempe.  Gene's is shady..
This is like fine dining at a buffet price. There is fresh sushi and salads. I always end up eating 2 of the creme brulees. Of course prime rib and crab legs have a plate of their own.
If I could give vapor vortex a negative star I would. The employees were constantly talking about drugs right out in the open making a very uncomfortable environment. I wanted to purchase some juice and instantly had other products shoved In my face. In my opinion it was not even a satisfactory experience.
Second time at this location and cold fries again. Over $45 for 2 adults & 2 kids and I didn't order a side. Burgers & chicken sandwich were okay but it's pricey. For the $ there are better choices with table service.
I lived in Los Angeles for several years and enjoy vintage shopping. When I traveled to Tempe on business, I discovered the Meat Market Vintage shop. They carry quality vintage clothing and great prices.
Loved living here....for the past 6 years...always quiet and safe. Until there was a shooting last night that they arent doing anything about...I wouldnt move here because the safety of the tenants is not a priority
Second time in 6 months that I have had problems with meat department. First time was bad shrimp. Last Saturday I bought chicken that was super rotten. I smelled something in the car on the way home and when I got it into the house and opened the package I about fell over.  \nFAIL ALBERTSONS...
Ninny...Pad Thai!  Also, the server was awesome! Very rare you get great service now-a-days...he was awesome!
Great food and drinks!  Love the cheese and bacon tater tots!  Dayamn!  Pairs quite nicely with a Grape press
Not good at all. Bad service. Ok food. Will not return.
Turned away at 10.15am because the kitchen was too busy. Plenty empty tables though. Poor management, if you're going to advertise about a new breakfast menu you need to expect this and plan ahead.
Was a bit boring .. not really a fan of drag shows lastes to long aswell so I left it was a waste of time and brought down my buzz
Can't go wrong with Brothers. Large airy bar that seems to be a great place to catch a game. Not as good as the Iowa location, but worth checking out.
Excellent palace for all local stuff...really diverse wine grouping with wine you can't find most places in Phoenix.
The food was decent. I had the Standard burger and shared a few fries. I liked that it says the restaurant's name on the bun of the burger. It's very filling; six hours after eating, I still wasn't hungry. Service was good. The waiter was friendly and promptly gave us our drinks and check.
Only tried the adobo, but I loved it!!
I've always used the west lot with no issues. I really wish there was wifi available, but at least I don't have to pay to park and wait.
The food is pretty good and there are many options. But I've come here many times because I work across the street, and the service is nothing close to outstanding. I've never seen one of the servers smile. I've had better sushi elsewhere, with better service.
If you crave Greek food this is always a great fix. You can get a great gyro plate with home fries, or lamb chops, pasta or great Greek salads. So glad it's in my hood. I always eat at the bar, but they have a very nice dining room for bigger groups.
The Sunday brunch is good but not great, the place is a great steelers baron Sunday's
Notwithstanding a previous review, I do go to \"10\" here...but my taste buds are probably a bit numbed by cigars. Pin-Kaow is a much better than average Thai venue -- the food's great at both lunch and dinner...best of all, it's reasonable.
Never has fresh fruit and vegetables. ..take notes please more organized and organic...need alot more variety when it comes to no gmo foods
Food is veryyyy good. Customer service is not so good. But it's worth if for the food!
Love this studio! All the teachers are great and friendly! Facilities are good. The women's locker room is always immaculate and very nice. My mom and all my friends use this studio! I highly recommend this studio to anyone wanting to try bikram or looking for a new studio
They are clean but like most chinese fast food places you only rent the food here. I live 3miles away and my date and I barely made it home. I wish I had two barhrooms in my apartment. For the price you get plenty of food and the staff is amazingly nice and attentive.
This is the same place as urban beans. If you'd like you should just read my review for that place. All I can say about this is the food is mediocre, and the place isn't classy enough to be a wine bar. Go somewhere else for food and for coffee
If mill avenue and scottsdale fashion square had a baby, their oops baby would be named city north.
I have been here many times before and loved the place, but recently with the addition of the all you can eat menu I was disappointed!  I will give it another try but it has sadly gone back a few stars. Also since the down economy it had to cut back the 24 hour sushi, so sad considering I used to enjoy a late night snack!
The burger was awesome!! I like the way they give you a ton of topics and you can customize it. Oh and the shakes are amazing.
Sehr schneller und freundlicher Service. Zu Preisen und Speisekarte wurde bereits alles gesagt.
Drink Prices = Great!\nNoise Level = Too Loud!  (8pm)\nStaff = a little slow\nAmbiance = low light, nice romatic scene if not for the noise\n\n2nd Apperance = probably if the annoying jock isn't here!
We were told by a few friends to try this place and we went with another couple and no one really enjoyed the food at all, the service was ok and the drinks were good, but net net I would try several other places DT before this place.
What a crappy slow drive thru in the mornings! Because there's 2 order screens, your order can easily get mixed up if stupid drivers cut in front of you.  Bad call McDonald's.  \n\nFood was slapped on.  But hey, that's why it's fast food.
Food was mediocre; edible but lacked flavor.  Wait staff was ok. Atmosphere was great!
I got there when they opened and ended up getting my oil changed on top of the Smog test. I was out of there within an hour. The owner gave me a coupon for the oil change and I ended up paying less than 26.00. I also used the coupon on Yelp.
Best pizza ever!!! Yummy fresh ingredients, make your own, portion sizes are perfect. Staff is amazing and I'm going back again today for lunch. I'm on a program and their calorie content fits right in!! \nHave fun with it!! Yay MOD
great food for a great price.  and the people are so awesome.  new location same good food.
The food is all right but it's not that impressive.  The restaurant is more like a bar with a fairly cozy ambiance.  The menu is good and the price is reasonable.  They have the usual specialty rolls like Dragon and Godzilla rolls.  The a la cart ones are what you normally expect from other nice Japanese restaurants.
Great Italian! LOVE the complimentary pre-meal bread and rosemary oil! Chicken Parm is to DIE for. Pasta Weesie good as well.
This is a rare little place that is run by a family and serves authentic Taiwanese food! The prices are so fair, it's incredibly easy to fill up on a budget. The food is fresh and chef Ching knows how to serve some amazing food! Try the beef noodle bowl!
Service was very friendly. But this location needs a deep cleaning. It is very dirty with dirty bathrooms. Cleanliness is not a priority for this location
If you are ever in town the ying yong is awesome. This is a very unique and excellent restaurant. I would highly recommend.
This place will change your life around!! They always do an amazing job!! You'll never want to go anywhere else again!
Good food, great atmosphere... \n\nThis place is entirely underground, all you'll see when you drive up is a little shack-like building. The seafood is only fresh and well prepared. Drinks are well poured (strong). \n\nI hear happy hour here is a good deal.
Nom nom nom.  Sums it up!
Probably one of the few places in Las Vegas where you are not required to buy a bottle to sit down in a booth/table. Decent music. Lots of hookers. No cover. Expensive drinks. What else can you ask for?
A good place for kids. There is a play area. The pizza was not very bland/generic. If you want good pizza this is not the place.
very disappointing
The thing I love most about Costco is that I really trust the quality of the products they offer. It seems like they really do their research before stocking a product. On the rare occasion that you buy a dud, they'll take it back with no hassle.
good food, tasty seafood pasta, best CA roll I've ever had, flavorful lobster miso soup, unique 5 spice ice cream dessert topped with pear, but very overpriced.
Why not as discriminating as some of the art schools I have applied to, I prefer this academy because it was the only one that accepted me.\n\nAlso the paint is delicious.
Tried this place out today! They did a full body massage and surprisingly got all the knots out. It was an amazing deal, and the staff was very friendly. I'm definitely going here again and bringing my boyfriend next time (:
We had so much fun at the Sugar Factory! Bottomless bloody Mary's and the delicious signature burger were a great start to my Sunday, but our server, Max, was the highlight of the experience! He took excellent care of us and was an absolute doll. Keep him around!
All I can say is Perfect!  I come to Montreal for business from California......it is now a necessity that I dine at this restaurant each time i come here.  There is nothing I can complain about...... Barroco is just fabulous!
Excellent food, superior service, and by far the best view in Vegas! Definitely check Alize (located at the top of the Palms hotel) out the next time you're in Vegas!
Had the mushroom swiss burger...always a goodie!! Totally greasy though, it ran down my arm, but was so good! Do I ever eat healthy?! haha
Marissa is great at hair (color, cut, style). I've been a client of hers for several years and followed her from her previous salon.  She styled my daughter's hair for her wedding as well as her bridal party and it was so beautiful!  I recommend her to all my friends and family.
The food was ok, we ordered dinners but got ala carte, I don't think the waiter spoke English, it was just ok, the place needs a good cleaning.
This food leaves an oily sheen on the plate; we just don't care for the flavors here.  Not the cleanest place in the world; the servers are harried and not real friendly, and the hours are unpredictable.
I only Mcd's for their breakfast sammichs, apple pie or sundaes. Other than that, this place is nassssstay!\n\nDon't forget to ask for military discount!
Great surprise for a buffet, large selection, and great desert options.  Highly recommend
I used to go to this gym until I joined the Army and cancelled it. I just came back on R&R and asked if they could let me have a pass for 10 days to stay in shape. They wanted me to pay for half a month!\nSupport the Military ? Not this place.
Friendly service and good food, the chicken was moist and tasty, and make sure your rolls are B.O.B.S. they bring your food to your table for you, just make sure you bus yourself afterwards. I would give it 5 stars, but parking was rough, being in a strip mall parking lot.
Un-Real best BBQ, very good!
The most yuppiest biker bar in the valley.. They hate the locals in cave creek and only cater to the yuppie big wheel bagger crowd from phoenix, locals should not give this scumbag POS one single dime!!
This place is terrible chicken bowl was cold and super hard chicken looks like it was cook 5 days ago never will I come back, a refund would be nice!!
Quick and easy
Barf. I can usually eat anything. The pad thai was the first dish in 10 years I couldn't eat v   The wifes cashew chicken was a 4/10. Keep driving to Naga if you want Thai.
OMG...the food is 99% American and 1% Jamaican!  I was very disappointed.  The food lacked flavor and they served very large portions. I will most likely not be returning.
The original, and a destination in and of itself.  One of my favorite photos is of me taking a bite out of one of these bad boys - looks like it is going to swallow my head.  Don't forget to get that egg on top!  If you were sober enough to remember your first visit I guarantee you've had a second visit.
Food was good, service was prompt and very friendly.  Cho was great, very pleasant.\n\nWould recommend for both other locals as well as tourists.
Their \"Low Price Guarantee\"  basically excludes the prime times they might offer a lower price.
4 stars, the buffet was pretty good, but my loyalty is towards another buffet place in Vegas.  I like their selection of meats, since I'm always willing to venture and try different type of meats.  They had some elk which was very good.  Their dessert selection is really good too.
I ordered two double cheeseburgers. When I got home, I found that the burger had no cheese, nor onions, ketchup, or pickles. Confused, I looked back at the receipt and it said two double cheeseburgers with no specifications and they charged me full price! Never going here again.
We love this place. The Screaming Orgasm is YUMMY! I love the sushi and the service too! It is a great place and has fantastic food - great value! We found this place one night lost when we first moved to the area and it is now one of our favorite spots.
Yes, you can find a cheaper tire. I like this place because they offer a warranty and a bunch of other services with your tire purchase.\n\nAnother great thing - I was literally out of there in less than 15 minutes! Extra star for their awesome service!
Worst experience ever.....I ordered the phone online I got the food on time but it was missing a lot of details and sides it's my first and last time ordering from famous potato
solid experience for dinner. grits were very good as a side as was the tuna and salmon tartare for appetizer. ordered bone in NY strip which was $46. was good, though perhaps a bit more fat than i prefer. wine menu very extensive, like 130 pages long or something.....
Summary based on 1 visit:\n-came here on 1 January morning when Costa was closed\n-standard coffee drinks\n-ok prices\n-helpful, friendly service
A 2nd visit that was just as good as the first! We tried the pasta this time and it was tasty, filling, and priced great. Even though we arrived 20 minutes after the \"lunch\" specials ended, then server offered them to us anyway. A nice, friendly touch.
Filthy place.  Bad tasteless food.  Rude waitress.  Yuck!!!!
My step-mother told me that Cost Plus carries lots of flavors of syrup for coffees.  While that is true, they didn't have the Gingerbread syrup I was looking for, so #fail.
This is the slowest Starbucks ever... I hate it !!!!!
Not worth the money, horrible in every way especially the value.. I really expected more from a Hubert Keller restaurant, but maybe I caught them on a bad day..
This is a pretty lame place. The corse is extremely boring. completely flat on every hole. It looks like it was designed by a 6 year old. It wasn't very clean either. Man I miss Scandia. We need another great mini gulf spot out here but this isn't it. I would pass if I were you.
I've only put one star because it appears that Thyme at Holyrood has closed!  I was devastated to wander up and down Holyrood Road today with no Thyme in sight.
After trying this place for a second time during lunch, I found the food to be considerably better. I didn't order the sushi rolls and instead ordered Kung Pao Chicken and was pleasantly pleased.
Awful experience. Got sick and not good. I'd be better off with canned dog food then eating there again.
As someone in their twenties, I seriously enjoyed coming here! It completely exceeded my expectations. This museum is a must when visiting Charlotte, especially if you have small children. It's a one of a kind place indeed.
Costco is the spot for cheap gas. I usually swing into this Costco to buy pre-made rotis which are Indian bread. 2 packs of rotis and gas and I'm set!
Ordered online took over an hour and a half to arrive. I live in the same zip code as the restaurant. Food arrives lukewarm at best. Will not try again.
Way too much for a little street taco. Server was pushy and seemed to want to get us out of there as fast as possible. 1/2 off happy hour is the only reason for the 3 stars. Poor service, mediocre food. Probably won't return with the service we had.
Outstanding blend of flavors beautifully presented and pretty darn reasonable.  Had our table on the patio.  Pleasant might on charming setting.
Stop here for breakfast. The food was awful and the service was horrible... we waited about 25 minutes for the server to come to the table and on top of that she was not friendly at all she took our order and did not see her again until she bought us our check. I will not be coming here again.
Went there to see the PSY 7 fingers acrobats last night and it is a beautiful building with not a bad seat in the house. I was worried the parking was going to be a problem but I got out of self parking lot without much trouble from the crowds. Everything ran smoothly
Very understaffed. Long lines. And the pastries and drinks are way overpriced. $3.50 for a small cup of regular Joe. They do take Starbucks card now.
called for  cab. estimated 20 minutes. called back 40 minutes later. \"oh he picked up someone, do you still want the cab?\" YES. I HAVE TO GET THERE! No apology, no discount. Weak.
Average food. Noisy inside. Not a lot of parking, actually horrible parking. I got caught in the drive thru trying to leave. It's like healthier fast food. I had the breakfast burro and my wife had the Cali club. Both were average to me.
Service was good, had to wait an extra 30 min to get outside table even though had a reservation. But the view was worth it. Had the scalops and the chilian seabass. \nThey were both a little over cooked for my taste.
Not really a big fan of this place.  Egg rolls are bland.  No one at the table cared for them.  Entre was Luke warm when served.  Place smelled musty when we first came in.  Service was good however.   All in all I will not be coming back.
no cheap, touristy feel here. Great beer selection and fantastic food in a brasserie atmosphere.
Over salted food. Sort of crappy service. The rice was way too sticky. Not sure why this place is rated so highly.
Never seen such an amazing unique store!!! Amazing finds!!! One of a kind for sure!!!
The best.  Absolutely.  One million times.  One of the top 5 meals I have had in my lifetime.    Go there - do it.
As far as fine dining is concerned, this is the best place in Madison. This chef is extremely talented, anything you order will be top notch. They also have an incredibly knowledgeable staff and an excellent wine list. 5 star, two thumbs up, gold medal winner!
People were telling us they were laughing so hard that they cried.  We didn't experience much laughter or tears.  Not sure if it was because we could not relate to it.  This show is for 45+.
2nd time visiting the restaurant, I liked it a lot more this time. Got the Chili Cheese Coney. Could have used some more chili but hotdogs were over bun size.  Fries were good.  Good spot for lunch or for casual hangouts.
I am surprised by all of these great reviews.  People comparing this place to bagels from New York.  No comparison whatsoever!  They lack any kind of flavor and the flavored cream cheeses barely contain anything to flavor them - very skimpy.  Great neighborhood atmosphere and I really wanted to love this place, but sadly will not return.
Lime service is on point, but vodka OJ's have to be approved by management. Rules are rules though...
Nice staff very friendly and patient in explaining how you make a perfect choice where you make you own pizza indeed. The prices reasonable and pizzas maybe not perfectly perfect but good. Only reason i give four stars is having got a slightly burnt pizza a day when i guess was due to load of customers.
Came in and asked for a certain shoe in size 6 - 7 1/2. The girl working there today responded \"We only have ADULT sizes\". I have never been so insulted in my life.
Thank you Southwest Greens for my beautiful lawn! My front yard used to be an eyesore and now people stop to admire it!
born and raised in new york.. this diner beats any ny diner i've been to. it's unfortunate, but true. get the pancakes.
Food & service is excellent.  Good place for appetizers & drinks.
So happy with this place, staff is knowledgeable and polite not like other vapor stores I've been to. This place is definitely my regular spot 5 stars for being the best
The food was average; I've had better Asian fusion food at other less trendy places. The nightclub was a different story....we had mixed feelings about it as we went two nights in a row. Packed dance floor, overpriced drinks, and they charged cover from the ladies, so not cool!
Pretty good a bit pricey could be cleaner
I drive by daily and after a few years finally went to the restaurant. It was like sitting in a cigarette ashtray.\nFood was inexpensive and passable. Service was okay. I would not go back because of the stench of cigarettes. I know nothing of the casino or any other casino.
update: this store location has closed.  good riddens!
The customer service people in this Gap need more training in \"customer service\"
Right now they are doing a lot of work in the middle of the mall so you have a few detours to do. But, they are still filled with awesome stores for everyone.
Breakfast was good, but the shuttle service sucked!! Always late!
I love the doc (Dr Bozeman) and am excited to try the new massage therapist they just added.  I don't know about pricing bc my insurance covers it and my copay is only $25.
It's just not worth it to go here. The service is a hit or miss - some waitresses are helpful; some are bimbos. The food isn't that great... you can definitely find better. The inside setup... well, we had to sit outside because of it. I wouldn't go back.
Fast & Good!
To update my first review...\n\nThe second morning here I woke up with ants in my bed, all over the floor, and in my suitcase all over my clothes. I was bitten by one of the ants which led to an allergic reaction and infection that sent me to the Emergency Room. Stay here at your own risk.
Love the bootlegger. Good Sandwich every time.
Finally... Great sushi in the NW.  Its great to have this place with a wonderful variety now available.
The staff here were very friendly! I had a free drink on my card and the barista gave me a suggestion of something to add to my drink, too! Awesome job! \n\nI think out of all the Starbucks locations I've been to in Charlotte, this and East Blvd are my favorite locations.
Kathleen, our pilot was amazing. The whole experience from start to finish was a real pleasure and one of the best things we've done in Las Vegas. Don't miss it and ask for Kathleen !\nWorth every cent !
From the first meeting, the staff was professional and knowledgeable.  The price was great.  I will be calling again.
not very welcoming, no one is ever around to help!  it's a good thing that I know what I want when I'm there.  But when I want to ask a question about a product, no one is available to help.
We eat here almost every month, excellent veal and pasta dishes, pizza and likes the seafood salad.
Wish I could give it less than a star.....the worst!!!\nWe were sick the entire day!\nEven a local came up to us and said he thought that it had gone down in quality....DONT EAT HERE!!!
Best Liquor store ever!!! I wish we had these in Minnesota. I couldn't understand how they charge less for more and more for less... But I'm not going to lose sleep over it, i'm just going to buy more.
HANDS DOWN the best burger joint!\n\nPros:\n+great service\n+amazing food\n+oxtail fries\n+kiki burger\n\nCons:\n-there isn't one in San Diego!
This is the best place to get maxi dresses. It might be pricier than other places, but the quality and fit are way superior. I have invested in 1 dress each summer and they are by far my favorite dresses and I get a ton of compliments when I wear them. I don't see other girls wearing the same ones either.
Fashion Show mall is the largest mall on the Strip!  It has all different kinds of stores, from low end to high end stores! The mall is very clean, bright and airy!  Absolutely enjoyable to shop there.\n\n\nWe made several trips to Fashion Show Mall on our recent visit to Vegas. It's so convenient.
Great food. I would give it 5 stars if they took credit/debit cards.
Pretty good, cheap Indian food and one of the 2-3 Indian grocery markets in the university area. There are also a number of sweets you can buy here. \n\nReally convenient to get all 3 (market, restaurant and sweets) from one little place.
I love this store, when I was younger and went to California this is the place I had to go to shop they always had the best shoes and clothes, I was sooo happy when they finaly decided to open a Nordstrom Store in Scottsdale.  I buy everything from Nordstrom clothes, shoes, makeup, sunglasses.
Perhaps one of the best lunch deals out there. The pizza is always tasty and salad bar is an added bonus. The staff are always friendly and the decor is actually very nice.
Big chilis fan but was surprised by the lack of service from the staff. Seemed like every request was an inconvenience by multiple servers. Not the type of environment and service that I've come to rely in from a great restaurant chain. Hopefully it's better next time.
Horribly slow drive thru, takes 15-20 minutes on average. Food is good, but not that good.
Sushi was OK but the service was terrible. Me and my group were rushed to order, hostess was extremely rude, and had to wait 10 minutes before we even got our service. Not worth the price.
Just the facts: \nThe worst hibachi style meal in Pittsburgh. Try Benihana for the food or Nakama for the atmosphere. I live by the Waterfront and frequent all of the restaurants located there.
Nice layout to this location of Wildflower but between the unstable Wi-Fi and overly loud *pop* certainly not the best place to get any work done.  Friendly servers, as always, and another in a growing local chain perhaps they need time to fine tune, but for now I'll drive the extra miles for a different location.
It was ok ... Parking is horrible .. Service was ... Breakfast ok ... Not sure about coming back
This is an excellent addition to the Edinburgh landscape. Both style and substance from the \"demolition chic\" interior to the unpretentious food on offer, although not too overboard, I would be happy to take my mum in for wee treat. I heartily recommend this place.
Korean chicken was amazing! Drove past this place on the way to work and had to try it. Not disappointed at all. The maple bacon donut was amazing as well. The line was long but worth the wait.
Service was good - friendly, attentive, prompt. A little pricey, but worth it. Fish was fresh. Salmon was slightly overcooked but tasty. Sushi rolls were wonderful. Tasty salad.
I been coming here for about 3 years and they been great for most part, mainly because of Marcella ( I think that was her name). Always was a great cut and gave like 20 /30 min awesome massages. She left in December 13 and it has gone down hill ever since. I got my haircut about every 3 weeks .
A disaster from beginning to end. Really a couple of eggs and some bacon and coffee simply cannot be that hard to deliver. Needs fixing fast.
I went here after a Sapphire Pool party, but was somewhat disappointed as it went kinda slow on a Saturday night and most of the dancers from the pool didn't come here afterwards. Girls are not that attractive, drinks are very expensive.
very avg lik most other indian restaurant !! though its decent compared to the price (9 bucks buffet )!!
This is a great atmosphere with some great food. the ingredients are fresh and smarty pared. Get the Habanero hot sauce, very good!
We went for breakfast and elected to order their buffet breakfast.  This includes fresh fruits . Yogurts . Donuts pastries oatmeal  eggs sausage and bacon . They also include made to order omlet . Their is also a large selection of fruit juices . The selection is always fresh and the waitress were very attentive
I don't like this pizza no flavor compared to Napolis, verrazano, due forni, or Rocco's
Hands down best sushi I have ever had so impressed with the service the view (I went at dinner and the every 15 minute fountain show was amazing on the patio, weather was perfect!) food was amazing well prepared and topped with great additions. Service was impeccable must try if your in Vegas and like sushi.
Beijing noodle went downhill after new management took over. Texture of noodles tasted not as good as before. There is no more live show of noodle making. So do not expect that if you read it from old reviews.
It's OK. For what it is, it's a little pricey. Pizza is decent but nothing spectacular. The salad I got was pretty uninspiring- hardly any veggies aside from iceberg lettuce and bottle dressing. Best thing I had was pasta dishes- those are quite good.
Great food, reservations are a must, bar gets over packed and it is near impossible to get a seat.  Also make sure you sit in one of the side rooms and not near the kitchen.  Food is grea and alone would be worth four stars,but the service is suspect at best, and being beyond packed is what bugs me about this place.
Nice find off the beaten path of Mill St. Food was really fresh. Pad thai yummy. Beef salad and spring rolls to start were fresh and hot. Each dish was really good. Would have loved a beer or wine ;-)
High pressure sales, and the prices are outrageous! 59.99 for a hand wax?!  I don't think so. \n\nAlso, very few comfortable places to wait, and very poor selection of snacks or drinks.\n\nSeek a better wash , and better customer service elsewhere.
I brought my car in to check suspension. I don't think Hank looked at it. It was up on rack for 5 minutes and they said I needed wheal bearings 600&. I went for 2nd opinion wheal bearings are good. Hank and Elsie don't trust them!
Amazing bartender! Best service downtown and very knowledgable. You can sample the beers and see which ones you like. Great recommendations.
This place is a hidden gem! We had an amazing corporate dinner here and it was fantastic! I ordered the lobster ravioli plate and it was just perfect. Was a very great dinner especially for our group of 15+ fast service and great experience.
Nothing spectacular. Our server was new and was hardly around despite the place not being very busy. I had the Mexican Flag (a popular lunch item per the server) and it left much to be desired. The salsa was decent and chips were warm. All told, we probably won't be going back for a second time.
Vivace is an awesome place to sit outside for both couples and groups! Super tasty discounted apps during the week. Service lately has been not so hot, but the ros\u00e9 makes up for it. Great view of uptown and located right off the greenway. Recommended!
Great prices. Friendly service. Great tasting boba & tea. What more can you ask for in an Asian establishment ; ) I'm a fan : )
Loved the food. It was so yummy!!! The waiter was so pleasant. The only thing i regret is eating here our last night and not getting a chance to eat here again!!!
This place really Hits the spot when I am craving well season spicy shrimp with a side of corn. My whole family loves this place. I agree sometimes service is not all that great but it's a hit and miss just like in any other restaurant.
After visiting a couple of area dealerships, I purchased a car from Bell Lexus North Scottsdale. The experience exceeded my expectations in every regard. The staff led by Normand Neal was professional and the deal was fantastic. I would highly recommend this dealership to anyone that dreads the car buying experience, they treat people with respect.
Excellent food.  Some of the items are a touch expensive for what they are (the yucca fritz, for example) but everything tastes great. The arepas, patacon pisao and empanadas are all excellent and highly recommended.  The staff are very friendly as well.
Got a comp because everyone in our party got food poisoning, came back to redeem it and the dark lady at the counter wouldn't redeem it nor call the manager. Wouldn't let my dog eat here. Don't take chances, you'll get sick and they'll treatyou like crap.
I found Lindsey through Groupon.  She is very sweet and friendly. Always makes you feel comfortable. I strongly recommend her for your waxing needs.
Great restaurant bar inside Bellagio. They have 2 flat screens for viewing sporting events at the bar and a nice intimate wood panel restaurant. Everything i have tried there has been great. I always get the lollipop wings that fall off the bone in your mouth.Tasty stuff!
Best latte and cappucino's! ... Although the one from last Tuesday was a bit eh. I grab a couple bags of Paulie's Blend every time I'm back in town for my friends in Houston and they always love it.
Definitely needs improvements on customer services. Stews were not properly warmed up & served cold. Which was probably made the the day before or two & got refrigerated. To salty & soggy on the stews as well. Fry bread is good but it could be better.
This place is so small from the inside!!! I would hardly call it a club! Not worth it
We have been here a few times. Liberty is awesome! They always treat you very kindly and do all they can to help people. I won't go anywhere else. \n\nLiberty, thanks for being there!
Disgusting food, got food poisoning on my birthday from eating the arizona burrito here yesterday.
If you want average food and service at above-average prices, Verde is the place for you.
Food was mediocre, we were forced to listen to karaoke and it took forever to get our change. On the upside, the lady was super nice! \n\nP.S. Do not order the lamb sagwaala unless you like salsa.
It's a dollar store, what do you expect?  Everything you ever need in your everyday life is no more than $1.  Other than that, they do have fast check-out service.  They however only accept visa and mastercard.
Went in on a Groupon, food was good but also greasy, but not enuff for me to go out of my way to eat there. \nWent there at lunch, it was dead, but yet took forever to get our food.
Best pizza in the Valley!   We had their BBQ Chicken pizza, which is just phenomenal, and also a thin crust pepperoni pizza.  Barro's has the best wings for a pizza joint for sure.  And they should
I hardly ever go to this location and today I went there with friends. It was empty, overpriced and the beef on the rice was cold. Very disappointing. The one on Decatur is on their game though! :)
I got Nachos that look like a bird crapped on it, the chips were limp and soggy.\n\nThe beans were bland. \n\nPretty disappointed.
The sushi pizza was okay, but all three rolls tasted like cucumber and rice...bland.  Expensive for such quality and small portions.
A-OK... for a place that has people who are very clearly not asian speaking with an asian accent.\n\nThat was kind of weird actually.  \n\nBut no issues with service or anything and it's clean.
Nom nom nom...delicious ice cream.  Specifically;\nMint chip, chocolate chip, cookies and cream.  Inexpensive and yummy.
Best BBQ in the state... period. I stop in to pick up lunch every couple of weeks, and go back and forth between the platter with brisket and chicken, and the brisket sandwich. I've never been a big fan of chicken, but the way they make it here, I can make an exception.
Filthy, beyond rude. So bad that we refused to even eat there and walked right out. This place does not deserve to be a Montreal restaurant. If you don't believe me, use their outside, next door, upstairs bathroom and decide for yourself.
nice airport, very clean, lots to offer the traveler
We reek of cigarette smoke and our eyes are red.  Horrible ventilation at this once great hotel.  Never going back.
The most creative and delicious interpretation of comfort foods you can imagine in a smartly laid out, neighborhood restaurant kind of setting. Everything is top notch!
Maybe I went on an \"off\" day; the food was okay but nothing amazing.  I liked the setup, service and the outside was pretty cool but I couldn't get in to the food. I had the combo platter so when I take my wife, because she still wants to try it, I'll try something else.
If you like eight legged critters crawling around on our plate then you will love this place!  Three people came out and acknowledged this and still charged me full price!  Hope this this helps the future yelpers.
I've been to buffets at other casinos, but this is the best by far! Lots of fresh seafood, great carving stations, however I was not a fan of the way the prime rib was seasoned, and great desserts!
The onion rigs/fries combo is great -- they have excellent onion rings!!  I always get a bacon cheeseburger and it's always great!  The choices of toppings is pretty extensive.  I love that they have chocolate soda there - such a throwback :)
Fabulous, talented, resourceful, gracious, and creative daffodil*parker. They will make anyone's day 100% great. Ask them for something gorgeously off-beat and watch them blow your mind.\n\nw0w! So fun.
5 dollar tables! Not a bad place to gamble if your not looking for strip craziness.
Ended up here at 10pm because everything else was closed. An underwhelming Italian with undercooked calzone and soggy spaghetti. On the positive side, it was only \u00a330 for two people including some of their house wine. Overall, I won't be back if I can avoid it.
Gilbert Yoga is one of the best yoga studios I have ever been to.  The staff is amazing and the atmosphere ... well you have go to experience it.  Wonderful experience!!
Amazing breakfast with a break away from all the Vegas pricing at other restaurants. Our server was Lisa who was outstanding, always making sure we were well taken care of. I would recommend this to anyone looking for an awesome breakfast for a decent price.
Had reservations with a big group that they lost. They set up a table for us late...food came out 45 mins later for half the table and 1.5 hours for the rest of us...I left one-hour and 45 mins later and still hadn't gotten my food...
Valet was a prick. Check in was bear. They were smiling as they were being smug and unhelpful. This hotel was big mistake.
DONT go there. As usual for us, in Las Vegas, we are renting a car. What the FOX people don't tell you is that they are not in the rental center, but 5 miles away and that you have an average wait for a car of 3 hours. We quickly jump into the bus back to enterprise.
Aria is not a bad hotel.but This place is over priced for their crap food. Fire the chef. $24 for bad steak and eggs?!
I went to Kazu about a month ago, I really liked the place except the waiting line. the service was good enough. I ate shrimp burger that was not bad as well as rib chops. the rib chops were so tasty but a bit fatty. over all it was a good experience.
Awesome service.  One of the best places to go in Summerlin.  Highly recommend if you have kids.
Omg! This food was so delicious. They rate there spiciness on a scale of 1-10. 3 is like a five at any other restaurant.anything that has spice you can adjust to your taste. It was amazing! Best tai food yet.
This place is amazing! I come here often and love it more and more each time. The service is great and the food is superb. I love how healthy their options are. Definitely some place you need to check out. Right In The middle of the new and improved downtown area. You won't regret it :)
Rented from them on my first trip to AZ.  Everything was great!  The owner was friendly & helpful & the car was almost new. No problems whatsover & they were the cheapest around  Would definitely rent from them again.
So, you don't HAVE to be a stoner to eat here, I think just to work here. The sandwiches are pretty deelish, the service is kinda slow (hmm, I wonder why?) Whatever, it is what it is, yummy sandwiches for lunch.
CLOSED - Sadly Cafe Krishna's service went down hill in the last few months and they have now closed.  Hopefully the replacement will be as good as Krishna was before the change in staff.
Always good food here. But servers are not really friendly and no smile! But the bus persons are really nice and helpful, so tip the bus and forget the servers!
Just want everyone to know, we Gave Hula's Scottsdale another chance: had a wonderful experience.  Greeted right away at the bar by Rachael.  We actually felt welcome.  Far different experience from the last time.  We will be back.
I'll make this simple: I don't mind it, my wife hates it, they sometimes are good; buy a pie from Hungry Howies and you'll have a similar experience minus the price
This is the best customer service I've ever had at a nail salon. They are very friendly and do a wonderful job.
Been to this place a few times and I just don't see what the fuss is! The food is overpriced and the beans definitely tasted like there canned! It's Mexican food how hard is to make homemade refried beans? Yuck! This place is a total disappointment!
I like this bar. My wife and I go for lunch often and are always curious about the daily lunch special. We've never been disappointed with the food or the variety of cold beer on tap. The full bar has a lot to offer as well.
Very sad that gluten free crust any available topping.  Crust needs something more to be pizza. Had to leave to get dinner.
We came here for lunch. Our waitress got out orders wrong, never apologized for it, just explained they were really busy (even though there were empty tables around us).  My burger was pretty dry and crumbly, I'd never come back again.
Coffees and tea here taste great. However, the wait time I felt was a bit too long. It's certainly not a good place to visit if your looking to get in and out in 5 minutes especially if it costs $7 bucks for a regular coffee.
Its just too Good... Sadly I'm here way too often. Do i need a life? ;0)
Very busy but service was fast and food was good
If you have a new born this is not the place to be. They charged us full price, (30 dollars) for a 4 month old to enter the park. Never going here again. Disneyland or the airlines won't charge the first year of life.
This place certainly was not anywhere near as good as other locations I have been to. The seats were all worn down and highly uncomfortable, most of the food had a funny taste (my chicken RED at the bone), and overall all atmosphere of the place had me completely on edge.
Came here on a Monday afternoon. The guys were hustling to get the cars cleaned, and they did a solid job on my I-10-dirt/bug encrusted SUV . . . satisfied customer!\n\nCheers!\nRS
So the service is slow and the food was sub par. Anything above 2 stars would be stretching it. After waiting 30 mins we finally got water! The waitress was rude & when the manager was notified he says, \"She's one of our best servers, I can't believe she would be rude.\" This place SUCKS
SLOW. Slow getting propane, and was surly. slow renting vehicle (took almost an hour). Tire was low and then needed replacing. On the upside they took a day off rental.
My masseuse was a wet noodle. And she had rough hands.\n\nBut the pools, setting, and amenities were to die for. If you like the Camelback Inn Spa, this setting is even prettier and more tranquil.
Good espresso - the barista knows what he is doing but the beans aren't amazing. Casual atmosphere with plenty of power outlets and free wifi.\n\nCoffee:7/10\nWork venue: 8/10
Good priced, but not the best if one is carb conscious
This place is pretty cool. Tons of music, awesome food, and the soju is awesome.\n\nI'm writing this review to get me some free sake. :)
Have taken my ford probe here a few times and they always get it back to its old self. Great service and great work.
The service is good, the food is good the drinks are good but honestly this place is over-priced. You definitely get a good buzz when you leave but for 36 bucks a drink it's hard to justify it
I love to dance. I was scheduled to come here for a lesson and when I arrived they were closed and I don't mean for the day. They had closed up shop. I decided to go to Fred Astaire down the street and have been dancing there happily ever since.
A nice property. More low key than many in Las Vegas. Very friendly and efficient staff. The room could have been a bit more thoroughly cleaned.
Flat patties, tasteless, expensive. I will never eat here again.
Ate here on 7/2712\n\nAlways delicious !  BLT salad with added chicken is so yummy ! Great food & service cannot complain. Is pricey so cannot come here often,but wish I could .
The crispy rice salad with chinese sausage, mint and lime is by far the best thing I have ever tasted.  I always order 2 portions.  If you HAVE to go to Vegas, (God forbid) you should check it out.
Been eyeing this one bag and surprise surprise, they have two left! Staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Great selection but I was just informed that the US collection is made in US and not France. Sigh....so their prices is definitely a lil lower compared to Gucci, Dior, Chanel, etc.
For a Verizon store, this is the best... Customer Service is something that's shown they take pride in...
Just had Doug with Affordable Pet doors install a Hale Security Pet door in my new home!  He was on time and did a fabulous job.  Very friendly, efficient, and did not leave a spec of dirt behind!  Highly recommend!!
Wonderful romantic atmosphere, delicious unique menu, I love it!
Excellent, friendly service. Prices are very reasonable. Will never pay full price again. They also offer secure shredding services.
We went there to eat and try it out.  We walked in they gave us menus and never seen them again.  We waited for 10 min.  DO NOT GO HERE.
This office was nothing but accommodating.  They were helpful in picking me up and dropping me off.  Great customer service.
I always feel weird shopping there, like I get looked at all crazy. Proces are kinda high, but I get very specific items there that I cant really get anywhere else so its worth it
Burger was fresh, cooked to the right temp, slightly under seasoned, great service, priced a little high (to be expected).  I have had better, but I would definitely go back if in the area
The music is so loud you cannot even hear the person next to you. Food is OK and the service is average. Unless they do away with the loud music I would never go back. So sad.
I had the Vege stuffed Nann... Vegetables freshly prepared.. NAnn not too dry... I had spinach rice as a side... Very good... Good cozy place to dine
Great Service. Comfortably atmosphere. Was a little disappointed they didn't have clam chowder available, and the broccoli cheddar soup was kinda bland. The scallop sliders were delicious though.
great fresh mexican seafood.  i had the ceviche tostada as an appetizer.  i got two, but one would probably be good.  the main was the shrimp al diablo.  everthing fresh and tasty.   the servers were very nice and helped me practice my spanish.
The fountain is gorgeous!!!! Loved it.
The wash is a good one but they would honor my yelp check in offer and a letter is missing on the back of my SUV and they didn't offer to call me if it turns up!
Great experience here with the food and service. Our group ordered the chicken and waffles and this pork dish. When they say the portions are huge it's an understatement. The food was tasty and the service was friendly. Really glad I was able to try it.
I think the old chef was better than the newer one. I love their customer service. The boss was awesome!
I feel bad for this park. Its nice. Really nice. The only problem is its in Phoenix where it is hot like heck. That means the roof is always closed. And with the roof closed, it almost feels like you are watching baseball inside of an auditorium.
Got a great shave here.  However, the barber got a bunch of shaving cream on the back of my shirt and did not tell me.  I was alerted by a stranger who thought I was pooped on by a bird.  Should have addressed this when it happened instead of attempting to hide the mistake from me.  Not very professional.
Delicious! The lobster rolls tasted like I was in New England and the dates were insane. We had hanger steaks, scallops, halibut and the king crab ramen for dinner, yum! It is pricey but worth if  - especially the pop rock chocolate!
Good food and drinks.  Great service!  We will be back!
this place is the best!  wow,  terrific fresh ingredients.  i had sandwich that came with salad, cool.   patio is nice in the evening after traffic subsides.  A MUST go to place for very reasonable priced eats.   go now!  or eat at home :)
Overpriced. Bouncers are weird. Play the same music over and over. Came here to celebrate my brothers Bday. Our waitress was okay. Guys go around picking up empty bottles and cups, and sometimes pick up your filled cups and bottles... Wth? Not impressed with this place.
Love this place! I have been taking my cat here since 2007. There is a wonderful staff, no wait time, and same day appointments! Remember to get your friend chipped!
a modern spin to an american style restaurant....its more classy and kinda upscale....but has alot of dishes that are the same in a normal american restaurant....so i got a burger in garlic bread and it was very tasty and i was very happy with my choice =)
Way too loud, over-priced, and full of old creepies. It's obviously run it's course. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
Big meaty and delicious wings! Got the 12\" pizza meal deal a lot good food! Sat outside by the water beautiful view of the waterfalls.
Sat in a cold room for about an hour in the emergency room and they didn't seem that busy.
Good place to go for late night eating. We got the truffle tater tots, which tasted even better the night after. I got the french onion soup, had a lot of cheese and was delicious. Service was ok, but plus that it was open late!
kind of disappointing pizza
This is a nice and efficient airport. Baggage claim is a bit far away otherwise not much to complain about. Allegiant is terrible but cheap of course. Dont drink you last nite in town for a better flight.
Customer service sucks hard in the pharmacy department. The bald dude with the beard really needs an attitude adjustment
Went last night for the first time. Loved the food, loved the place as did all the people who packed the place.
The Pita Jungle management is really trying their best to remedy my experience and I am appreciative. Thank you.
Absolutely love their beef bulgogi stew! Brought my mom and sister here and they loved it as well :) wait times can vary though, but it sure is well worth the wait!
I could go into a long story about what happened but basically the girls taking cover and the bouncers can't count and are douches.  Will never go back to the place again.
I went tonight at this restaurant for the first time, the food was ok. What I really didn't like was the service was terrible, especially the waitress who served us not the young and skinny one but the older one with bangs. There are many places where the ramen and service are way more better. Wouldn't go there anymore.
Where else can you get a giant beer for under 4 bucks and the staff just keeps them rolling? Love this place.
Got take-out lunch from this diner. Portions are generous, the food is good standard diner fare. Prices seem very reasonable - good place to go if you want some diner food and are in the area.
I've disliked this club since it first opened.  First whoever laid it out  was nuts.  Makes no sense to have to walk across a dance floor to get to the bathroom.  I've always thought the music was weak . Making people stand in line to discover an empty club is ridiculous. Last but not least, full of wannabe's.
I went there for brunch with a couple of friends. The location is one of the best in Old Montreal, however, this brunch was a bit overpriced considering the quality of the food.
Poor service! Poor service! Poor service! Management came over to try to make a mends just to receive poor service again. Only bright spot bartender in lounge which She tried to make the best of her co-bartender horrid service
Our group of four just had very slow service in a  nearly empty bar and they were stymied by one guest ordering a sazerac. The ambience is a basic lobby bar. \n\nNothing special and I hope we caught them at a bad moment.
Great food but the service is literally so terrible. As soon as you walk in, the host is a b****. She seemed like she didn't want us there. It took us about 20 minutes to just get our drinks then another 10 to actually get it. I hate the workers there. Worst location I've ever been to!
I had some yum mexican food here.  My bro is a local, and he really likes this place.  I don't really remember what I had ordered because it was a while ago.  But I remember that I was happy:)  A plus is that it's in the Palms Casino:)
Worst Vegas buffet I have ever had...... Nothing was fresh, sushi, crab, shrimp.... Prime rib looks good but tasted dry and tough. The ice cream they pre-scoop it and half of them were melted already (what is management even thinking?!)
I love the atmosphere here, it's very chill. Their coffee isn't bad and the service is pretty good. Also, they are open \"late\", so that's an added bonus if you need to make a coffee run at 11 at night
Food is decent nothing to brag about.  Service is \"choppy\" (no pun intended) It's hit and miss.  Bar tenders are always friendly and quick.  Nice place for a small steak house. Pricing is fair, and the atmosphere is excellent.
Good for some drunk food! Would say it is expensive but everything in Vegas is expensive. Can't really complain but enjoyed everything I tried.... Onion Rings and Chili Cheese Hotdog:)
Rainbow roll was delicious. Hibachi filet and shrimp was awesome. Soup was super tasty. Waiter was great. Attentive but not annoying. Eat here. Now. \n\nIt's saying my review is too short but what else can I say. Delicious food. Period.
Food was excellent as was the service, but as a couple we would never go there again. Because there were only two of us we were seat along a banco and  had to endure every word spoken by our neighbors on both sides. Not a fun way to spend a $250+ evening!
This is one of the most romantic, and comfortable restaurants we have been to in the Scottsdale area. The service and food, along with the presentation, was wonderful. If you want to have an exceptional evening, Sassi is the place!\nRoger McCartney
Huge selection!! Crab is good. The chicken was a little dry but still good. Prime rib was good
Not the best, not quite the worst.  Pretty cool staff however.
Groupon was misleading and a bad deal, always try to upsell and \"repair\" the windshield. Attitude upon arriving and avoided my questions about the scam. Disappointed. Going to cobblestone from now on, they have it figured out.
Ate there Saturday Sept 27th staying across the street in spring hill suites we wanted something to eat and the buffalo pierogies were awesome , wife had pull pork sandwich which she liked and I had sloppy joe sandwich and was very good. We both had loaded tots was amazing .... Glad we stopped in to eat during our visit
Agreed with others - good produce and clean store but your money goes much further at woodmans which is only 5 minutes away.
Saw the excalibur show - EXCELLENT.  The horse appeared in excellent condition.\n\nHowever the casino was nasty dirty.  Please consider hiring some folks to wipe down and clean up, did not want to touch the doors/windows.
The tacos are pretty good, not sure if they are worth $15. What they have going for them is all the TVs for the hockey games, shots if you select a player that will score and the swing seats.
Cheap, poor quality sushi. Go if you just lost the rest of your money at the tables.
Need to watch out for un-asked for upgrades. Read the menu carefully. Be sure to check the bill.
I pay my homage at times by getting a Guiness on tap here. The food is your typical mediocre diner-type.  Nothing real special.
Three star's is being generous food just was not that good for the price. Workers were nice that is about all.
This is the most colossal rip off I've ever see.  Room after empty room a couple of wall projections and a enormous addmission fee.  At least Jessie James used a gun.
Great food as always. The Lady is a Scampi is the best!!  The service was good too. Sat outside and it was great!  We'll be back soon.
I only had soup, the Tom Kha Gha. The floor was good but felt it lacked a bit of the complexity I have had with other Thai places. I still very much enjoyed it and would return again to try other options on the menu. It was very clean and the staff was attentive and prompt.
I wouldn't recommend this place - it is WAY overpriced for what it provides. The food is decent but not excellent but everything is about twice the standard price.
Jerk chicken pizza was excellent. Bomber was good but the fresh oregano over powered everything else. Great beer selection. Service was good.
Very nice older crowd having fun.If you like singing to a live piano player and singing 1950's song's? You will love this place.Just a little to old of crowd for me.
The rooms are nice, a little dull but nice. The big bathroom even in entry level rooms are a massive plus and if you like to soak in a deep tub you will be very happy. The rest of the Casino is nice enough but I think next time I will head back to my usual hangout which is the Mirage.
Very interesting ruins in Arizona.\nOn the way to the Casa Grande, saw cotton fields.\nWho knew there're cotton fields in Arizona.\nNice, clean well kept ruins.
So delicious! We love the whip cream, biscoff, and berries...you can't go wrong with whatever you order from here!
They will ship your package, but not before giving you steaming pile of you know what for it. The employees there are disgruntled, impatient, and argumentative. They will attempt to make you share their personal and professional misery. I'll give 1 star for their convenient location and 1 star for them shipping my package.
Low end Mexican food in a Vegas strip environment. Sweet, watery margaritas, no chips & salsa (maybe available if you order as an appetizer). No salsa with the tacos. Come for cheap eats (by LV strip standards).
LOVE this place! The owners are always super nice and the donuts are so soft and fluffy!
Inventive for sure but overrated by far.
Love this place! They make the boba fresh so yummy! They have yummy ice cream regular and vegan with almond milk. Super nice! I asked the to make something not on the menu and they let me taste it first! Awesome customer service! Will become a regular. Been here twice this week :)
Takes about 20 minutes to check bag....if you want a deal...go through southwest. Absolute headache.
The food is great & the portions are generous.  I had the tuna tartare & the twice baked potato & my boyfriend had the filet & sweet potato fries.  This place never disappoints!  I always look forward to eating here & the one back home in LA.
Trisha is *awesome*
I can't rave more about Liz!  I'm so lucky to have found her!  Her skills are absolutely AMAZING!  There is no pressure, she understood the look I was going for, and very accommodating to my last minute changes (sorry about that Liz).  Totally recommend her for any and every look!
Was one of the breakfast outside my home in USA. The person on duty did a good job to ensure that the all the toppings, veggies went well with the bagel I ordered. They have everything bagel and I definitely recommend you to try that.
If you want to smell like cig smoke, hangout here.\n\nIf you want to sing karaoke, go here.\n\nGood place for people watching as well; many mutants abound.\n\nIf you want quality cheap drinks, go to the Stage Door.
I was really excited to try this place because I love Thai food. I order the fresh shrimp spring rolls and I bit down on a piece of glass.  Ruined my appetite. I didnt even bother trying the pad thai I ordered. Wont be going back thats for sure
Went with my lady on a Monday night and they were doing brisk business. The food was great, service was good, and the atmosphere was ok.  We'll certainly eat here again.
my only complaint is that it's too small and too far away from my house :)\n\ngood beer, cheap martinis, pool table, friendly staff\nwhat more could you want?
Sweetbreads! Yum.
Excellent Margaritas, Food pretty good too! Lack Mexican Ambiance, like having a mexican meal at a CPK. Nice Patio, Id go back for the Margaritas for sure. Excellent Service and very nice.
There are only 2 other domestic airlines that's as comparable.  I take the cheap peanuts any day to pick my own seats.
Newest downtown discovery and it doesn't disappoint. I've tried two different chicken wraps so far and both were delicious. I feel healthy after eating here and that's a great feeling. This is a \"order at the counter\" type of place. Need to try the smoothies soon.
Just finished a delicious meal of pulled pork, brisket and ribs.  The meat was incredible and everything smelled so good.  I wanted to pull my car over and eat it all.  I would definitely come here again.
I get take out from here all the time.  It is really unhealthy food but it is authentic, delicious soul food.  Consistently good from week to week.  The place is small and it takes a bit to get your food but it is worth it.
Quick and helpful.
Knaila is an awesome salesperson.  She was very helpful and patience and knowledgable.  Customer Service A++++.  I will shop at this store everything I'm in Vegas.  THANKS again Knaila!!!!!
Yikes. I spoke too soon. My last review praised the tenderness and smokiness of the ribs. I returned last week, ordered a half rack, and was presented with a hard, charred, clump of inedible carbon and bones.
Have to agree with Lauren V. Great place with pretty awesome sushi. Best atmosphere of any sushi place in the area and reasonable prices. \n\nThe service was great and we never had to wait to get our drinks refreshed. Two thumbs WAY up!
Customer service is a hit or miss here, but most of my experiences have been bad. I came here once and the employee didn't wash their hands before making my sandwich. Ew.
Service was terrible. We had to wait half an hour to get our checks on a day where the restaurant was nearly empty. One of the chairs was broken and I injured my finger sitting down. We were not informed of surcharges on menu items until the check had already arrived.
Best BBQ in Las Vegas. Great mac and cheese. Each meat item is outstanding. Wasn't a fan of the Brat Dog thing, but otherwise, everything on the menu is mouthwatering.
Just had steak, bacon & sweet potato tots (& hot sauce!!) for breakfast, Scott had the Hawaiian Breakfast - loved it!!! Soooo good!!
Ugh no....
Absolutely gorgeous hotel!!! However I am taking one star off because for the price I expected the rooms to be a little more unique. However my favorite thing to do at this hotel is have a drink under the chandelier bar. So pretty!!
Meh....\n\nMaybe I need to give it another shot, but I wont do that until someone else pays for it. lol Too expensive for some meh...
A trip back into Las Vegas history. Wonderful food, great music and a fun teeshirt that comes with the dessert.
This place is a bit expensive but something about their oatmeal that makes me keep coming back...oatmeal and berries in the AM is good stuff!
Great merchandise at great prices! This store gets designer clothes donated from My Sister's Closet. Furniture is reasonably priced and always changing.
i am in line right now. have been for over an hour. i will never rent from this company again. this is NO deal!!!
Some of the worst food I've been served in recent memory.  The burrito I had was greasy and completely tasteless.  I couldn't eat it.\n\nI'll never go back.  I only wish I could give this place zero stars.
I love their look
I came to Ellice with a Groupon for a partial highlight and cut. I received way more than expected!  She not only does amazing hair, but she is such a genuine, sweet person.  I would recommend her to everyone!! Thanks Ellice for my beautiful hair and a beautiful conversation!  ;)  Hope to see you again soon!!!
WOW this is the only place I can get the Salmon Loves Lemon Sushi Roll. It's my favorite Roll!
Love the Mandalay Bay Beach, I think they have too many lounge chairs on the sand, and it's hard to get around them to reach the pool.  Other than that, it's cool.
Howard the owner can be rude and unwelcoming. The rest of the staff are great.
Come for the LAMB BURGER which is AMAZING.  Nothing else.  The duck confit \"pierogis\" are not pierogi (and there was only 1).  I can't even remember what my husband ate, it was that unmemorable.
My friend likes to say that a store like this is what women experience in a Prada store. Clean well laid out, high end woodworking tools and woods. They also have a shop to help process your projects with the tools you lack. I find myself going here more now that I found it.
Only nice to have a drink before going out but it's a shame to wait 30mn to get in there and pay a cover... just to see a bunch on bacholerette girls getting shot on stage. You do it only once...
The staff at sun auto are awesome. I always get my oil changed there. mike and shiloh are polite and very quick with their services. Most importantly I totally trust them.
Excellent establishment. Very professional and accommodating in every way. I'll be going here to do taxes from now on and will recommend friends and family to visit Empire Tax and Accounting.
i didn't think any of the reviews here summed up my experience.  i thought the food was great and the setting fun.  service was prompt and attentive.  i will definitely be making another visit!
This peak is pretty steep but fun to climb. Parking is a challenge especially on the weekends.\n\nPlease don't leave your trash in the park. This was the first park I've been to with the most number of water bottles lying around.
O.M.G!!! The lemon ricotta pancakes are outstanding!!!
Food took forever. I felt like they were trying to kick us out halfway through our meal. Good food and chai tea
almost lives up to the hype. very friendly atmosphere and good ambiance. food was good but not worth the prices they are charging.
Grapes Wine Bar in Matthews has become our comfy spot to try new wines and meet new friends.  The owners, Fabien and Lana, are so warm and welcoming.  The atmosphere is relaxed with soft sophistication.  I am comfortable going by myself if I want to do a little work from my laptop. Love love it!
Gosh, this place sucks.   Service was crappy.  Takes forever to eat.  Also, the chips were really thick and the salsa tasted like spaghetti sauce.  Far far far from the best mexican food I've ever had.  Felt like a rip off.
Bullshit service. .. everything felt like it was hurried.  Food not up to par.  My lamb was grisly and grossly undercooked.  For this price, I expect a better cut of lamb.
Its been  1 month after my surgery and I have to say I was very happy and pleased with Dr pancholi's work.  His staffs were very friendly.
Such a treat! (granted I have no other spring training experience for comparison) but tickets were decently priced, parking is free and close by, the venue is nice. Its a small intimate opportunity for fans to enjoy a game up close.
GO GO GO!
Rude service!!!!!!!
not terrible... not as nice as i expected it to be. i should have checked the reviews before i went to this place.
Solid kabob place. Absolutely zero decor in the place, but it's huge an cheap, which is great for big parties.
I thought priority mail is 2 days guarantee.. Now i found out its bs.. There is no guarantee for delivery.. Absolute bs..
Just okay. I think there are better spots in Phoenix to get a Chicago style hot dog.
Great selection of authentic deli foods. Sat down today and service was less than stellar by our waitress. Perhaps will stick to take out and ordering from the deli in the future since I still love the food here. Cannot beat the best fresh bagels and cream cheese in town.
This has been my go-to for Caribbean for 10 years.\n\nGreat decor and the staff are straight and to the point. \n\nDaily specials.
Love this place!!! It's a beautiful local market and it has an enormous Gluten Free Section!!! Reasonably priced too!
I'm bias because I work here. I love this bar though. It's never too crowded to get a drink. Angelina's has awesome food. Good music and lots of TV's. What more could you want?
Guacamole needs help! Fish tacos were good. Taco salad was good too. They need to keep doors closed to keep flies out!!!
Stopped here briefly on my way out of Vegas. It's weird how television makes a simple pawn shop seem so intimidating. Wish I could have spent a little more time talking with staff (not the stars), to learn about how things work, and about their experience working with the Pawn Stars' shooting schedules, etc.
Love this particular location because there was no limit on the chocolate cookie swirl. Also it was just down the street from where I'm staying. Everyone in the store was super helpful. My cashier was super quick and friendly, wish I took down her name. 5 stars!
I must say this is a must try!\n\nIf your new to Cajun food the staff is ready to walk you through the whole menu.\n\nI did not try desert yet, but promise I will be doing that soon!
Stayed for 3 nights a few weeks back and the room was quite nice. Pleasant stay.
Surprised this place garners such positive reviews. Went for salad greens or seasonal anything and ended up empty handed. A long line of people checking out had bags of ??  It is a lovely spot and quirky but I expected to buy farm fresh anything, not a latte.
Truly. Meh. The Cutter's Cigar Bar is nice, so I had high expectations. Well, you know the rest of the story. I guess the idea was to let the hotel guests in shorts and colorful polos eat there because Charlotte has nothing better to offer? Not. Almost everywhere else in Charlotte center city is better.
The worst. They tried to have my car towed for parking in their \"delivery spot\" that was marked with a sign so small you'd need binoculars to see it. Not cool.
Solid 4.5 great lunch spot and amazing gyro.
Cannot return purchases made from other aces. But everything else is ok.
I had a great meal with my son.  Good service,  friendly but steak could have been a little better.  On a scale of 1-10 I give it an 8
this place isn't bad .... it just isn't good.  Really overpriced for what you get.\nBut I guess you're in Vegas, so there.
I love the sushi and food at this place.  The owners were from Japan.  I've been told that the place has been sold.  I hope that the service and food quality remain high.\nI was always grateful that the waitress came around and offered us samples of food to try at no expense.   \nI miss this place.
Hidden little stand just off LV Blvd.  Delicious frozen custard, just like I love!!!
Very disappointing food quality. Three out of four diners were dissatisfied with their meal.will not return.
Very good burgers\nAttractive decor\nGood fries.\nModerately priced for Vegas\nGood service \nNot too long of a wait time on a Friday night
I have had two opportunities to buy yarn from this store. Great yarns. Lousy customer service. Sales staff seemed put out by my questions. I will give them one more try--but if I am treated poorly I will take my business elsewhere.
Bring cash and small bills. There is a change machine that will give you back coins. They will change it out for bills in the gift shop, but avoid the hassle.
Felt like I just got robbed. No sashimi, 3 kind of sushis. No fruit bar. No melons, grapes, strawberry. Nothing. Well bananas and apples. Who the heck wants to eat an apple at an expensive buffet in Vegas? Never coming back. Worse selection of food. Ever.
have the buffalo chicken pizza - I don't know how they get it so buttery, but who cares? It is awesome!
I had lunch there last Friday and they were advertising a Korean short rib lunch.   I took the bait and either they know nothing about Korean taste or they put black bean Chinese sauce on the short ribs by mistake.   It was very disappointing.
Scary place to come to. Clientele is early-twenties street thugs and their midriff-baring future baby mommas.
Not normally big on taco shops but this one is on the top of my list as a \"must eat at once a week.\"  Super affordable, great flavor and atmosphere.
Its ok.  They have a starbucks which is nice.  Parking cost of $10 and only accepting cash is kind of crappy.  Since you are typically going for business, it is nice to put it on your business card.  I also rarely carry cash.
My regular hangout joint , nice / wonderful food , service & very personalized service . Delicious !!
We ate at lots of high end places while in the Burgh.\nThis hole in the wall beats them all.\nIt is SPECTACULAR American food!\nThat's it jus yummy comfort food.\nO and our server Cornel was a HOTTIE
I guess if I were into this kind of thing more, I'd give it a better review, but since I am not, I'll call it your one stop shop for college kids who come from some small town in Wisconsin to the \"Big City\" who want to become insta-hippies.
Great food. Mac and cheese is awesome. Burgers are awesome. Going to try the caprese panini next. Went there on a living social deal and couldn't be happier with the food or the bartender. Great place. We will definitely be back.
Mini taco salad is the best item I've had here.
Great cuisine and service. Very authentic but can be enjoyed by anyone. The quality and preparation of the food is excellent. Many delicious options for vegetarians. We've been on various Saturday nights when they have live music and it is a great atmosphere. The staff is very polite and attentive. Highly recommend.
Doesn't return phone calls = bad business experience. Do not waste my time.
They are trying however they fall way short. Food.....well lets say it seems they focus on plating rather then cooking technique. Quality of product seemed almost like \"Restaurant Depot\" bought. Anyhow we  thought with the star rating it has it was going to so much better!!!
Cheap place to grab a drink ... best time of year to visit is definitely around the holidays.
First and last time I come here. Been waiting for my food for over 45 mins and it doesn't appear as if it will here soon. Bald guy guess he is the manager is nice but nice doesn't fill the belly. House bread is gone and now my patience.
Last night was my first time eating Firehouse subs and I have to say I was very pleased! I don't normally like my sandwiches \"hot\" or \"toasted\" but I was willing to try their hot subs and see how they were. Let's just say I will definitely be back again!
We had a blast here. The piano players were really great and very funny. My husband likes to smoke cigars, so this place was a hit for him. We went there a few times in one week because it was so much fun.
Great place to bring your car for an oil change, car wash, or detail! I've been coming here for probably over a year now at least, and they've always done a great job at all three for me and my vehicles.
Lunch is also on the menu here and the burgers are as good as the breakfast chicken quesadilla thanks Chelsea for the great friendly service
GROSS!!!!!!
Not a bad place but it seems small and very limited on what they carry. The store is neat and clean but there is just lack of choices.
Nice place to have a drink and watch sports. Not ideal if you want quality food. Ribs were bone dry and barely edible. Crab legs were decent and there were plenty of them. Prices aren't bad.
The service was excellent, the food is great and prices are very reasonable for a French restaurant on the strip. I definitely recommend this place to anyone local or visiting Las Vegas. You won't regret it.
I've heard of this place on the radio, thought it was all hype. But I was wrong! !! This place is awesome,  the atmosphere is great with good music. The al pastor nachos is what I had and let me say the al pastor is the best I've ever had.
I've been here a few times for dinner. Great atmosphere with the indoor/outdoor space. I usually order something with ahi tuna because it is sooo good. I've also tried their pulled pork, which is equally as tasty. Drinks are strong!
First time eating at a Thai place--success! I had the thai fried rice and my fiance had the pad thai. Both were hot and delicious. We had plenty of leftovers to have a couple more meals out of it too! It's small, but they have places to sit and our server was very attentive.
Small, quiet place.. Ordered banana split which was good but that's not hard to ruin.. Would have been better if they were stocked more, I asked if they had five different things and every singer thing tegu were out of. (Napkins, strawberries, ice creams)
Not amazing but looking for a dive differently a place to check out!
Came here for a cheesesteak, the mix of spicy mustard & mayo ruins the taste. In fact, the entire sandwich was terrible. What I'm trying to say is, don't settle for this place. Wendy's is across the street and Fat Sandwich, one block south. Ur welcome!
One of my favorite pho places. The food is cheap, wide selection on the menu and they give good portions. They also serve you hot tea, which is provided without additional charge. It's a good casual place to bring friends to sit around and eat, or to get a cheap bite to eat.
$5.99 8oz steak breakfast special can't be beat. And the lady who served us is really nice. But the $3.89 orange juice a ripoff. C'mon, draft beer here is $2.25. Get yourself the beer, not the orange juice - I guess orange juice is just not for Vegas. :(
We have used Sandy and Sons for about 8 years. As my wife and I were in school we drove older cars and as issues came up we always trusted Sandy and Sons. Very fair and honest! Joey and Gunnar will always tell it to you straight.
Wonderful store with great high end options. However, I refuse to spend money somewhere I receive poor service. I should not have to get fancy just so I can go purchase something and be helped by a store associate.
Love restaurants that have this sports atmosphere - plenty of pix, artifacts, autographs and memorabilia.  Food was very good, as was the service.  Prices were reasonable.  We'll go back on next visit to Scottsdale.
Nutella Latte is awesome. The internet is fairly decent speed. Best Coffee shop in Vegas.
One word.... Horrible.
Do not eat here.  The pancakes were old and cold - just run away
Wonderful BBQ!!  Very very tender and juicy!  This is the place you are looking for!
Can't beat this for great Italian food! I have my work hooked on the pizza and now that's all they want at the airport now. And if you love garlic, this is a winner. \n\nBada Bing!
The man who served me did not make eye contact and was not friendly. If you're looking for good customer service I do not recommend this subway. I would drive the extra mile to go somewhere else.
Virgin America gates not far from security check in. Plenty of seating and eateries nearby. Flying in on a Sunday and out on a Thursday the place wasn't crowded so it made fpr a pleasant travelling. Vegas vibe throughout the airport including slot machines in the baggage claim area.
Cheese cakes are amazing, great place before or after a movie for coffee & dessert.  However service tends to be very slow! My favourite cheese cake is the strawberry cheesecake!
I had to take my dog Oliver to the vet this morning at 1230.  The staff there was absolutely amazing!! They were extremely kind and caring.  The dr there was absolutely extremely knowledgeable and took her time to explain things to us.  I would definitely recommend this place even if you have to travel a few miles.
Nice place. Decent food, good beer selection, and great outdoor, open air seating with views of Schenley Plaza. It is excellent for people watching and enjoying a beautiful day outside.
Don't be in a hurry when you go here!  Cause the workiers are in no rush to get to you!
Talent I'd heard of before, all of which were rather hilarious, and luckily a heckler-free crowd made for a fantastic experience.  I can't add much to the extensive reviews that are already posted, but watch the drink and snack prices.. pre-gaming recommended on this one.
Cheapest gas station near the Las Vegas airport.
Great chow!
Fast service and friendly staff. I enjoy there shrimp fried rice and pot stickers. Large portions and great tasting food!
Has a lot of selections. Will be going back again.
Excellent broth for the raman I'm highly recommend it. The meat is very tender, the noodles has just enough tenderness and chewiness to it.
Great Pizza for the money. Love the crunchy crust. Great flavor to the sauce. I always ask for extra sauce and they add on with no problem. Only downer is there is not much room to dine in. Great dive pizza joint.
My weekly place to hangout, if I don't answer my phone I'm probably here.
All pau now. Out of business. The food was pretty good, but it was nice to have a place so close to work.
You just beat the food  here for breakfest.  The environment is also a treat if you have never been here.  The choices are more than ample and the servings are generous.  Give it a try and you won't be sorry.
Love this place tried to go to the old one but it was closed so happy about their new location!!!
pretty good.  a bit pricey for burgers on wheels.  i prefer the slider truck.  didn't think my burger was all that tasty, neither were the buns.  loud hip hop music, might steer away avg foodie type folks.
This place is a bit old school, its still a pretty place, but with a few upgrades it would be sexy! The food wasn't great tho, so i would def eat somewhere else. But this is a good place to stay to save some money.\nThe rooms are clean and big so its money well spent.
Terrible spring training facility. Bad food, seats all the sun, no cup holders. Many better stadiums around greater Phoenix area. Employees are rude and make the experience uninviting.
This place has amazing food! I would highly suggest the pizza or pasta. I would recommend their salads as well. Their meatballs are HUGE. This place has true Italian and their presentation is perfect! Everyone needs to come eat here! PS: Sorry for the seemingly empty pictures, went late at night on a Thursday.
Five stars for service! Been here a few times with my boyfriend and Lauren has been nothing short of amazing! Food aside, it is always the service that draw customers back! We will visit again and again, only to see our girl Lauren!
This place has incredibly tasty cupcakes for a very reasonable price.\n\nI had the chocolate cake with salted caramel cream cheese frosting, red velvet, and white on white. Some of the best cupcakes I have ever had!
The waiter, attentitive... his manager also attentive. A wonderful experience from the time we walked in. The waiter came down to our level to talk with us. The manager came to our table as if we were old friends, and this was our 1st visit. The pizza? the best coal brick oven pizza I have ever had
Nice little home style Chinese Restaurant. Great variety of dishes but they could add some authentic dishes. Great service and very friendly!
The avocado tacos are AMAZING.  The veggie fajitas are also pretty good as well.  Really good, solid Mexican place that we go to every time we're in Vegas.
I have been here three times and only enjoyed my meal once.\n\nThe staff is great and the concept is fun but I just can't get into mixing sauces and finding the right combination. I almost wish they had recipe cards or something. \n\nOne thing I do love eating there is the flat bread ;)
Great old school, NYC style servers.  Our favorite lump crab meat cocktail and bread basket!  We always order this for lunch at the bar to get our crab meat fix while in Vegas!
Gregg is a great attorney! He's extremely knowledgeable with the law, gets great results, and keeps the line of communication open throughout the whole case. I would recommend you choose Mr.Gregg Woodnick as your criminal defense attorney.
Expect more for a $10 sandwich. This is next a series of all mediocre reviews. Friendly servers but it needs some creativity in the kitchen and please show the chef where the spice rack is
the scenery is great here.  drink specials aren't bad either.  The only thing missing is having food on happy hour.
Typical brunch / diner food.  Biscuits and gravy, pancakes, french toast, eggs, and bacon were good.  Sausage was questionable.\nGood for 24 hour eating and hangover brunches but nothing special.
If you come on the afternoon Most of stuff is gone. \nI like their coconut bun & greentea spongecake. Prices are ok here. \nPeople are Not really friendly.
In times of need, you want to go to a hospital that will treat you well and is quick and efficient. This hospital is probably the best one I have ever been to. They treated me and my child very well and made us feel comfortable in our times of need.
One of the best Asian fusion restaurants I have been to. Typically I find restaurants based in a hotel setting to be sub par to your local restaurant, BUT sushi samba blew my socks off!\nGreat inventive selections and amazing drinks while listening to the DJ spinning!
Nice staff but not worth the money. Pastrami sandwich was a joke. As a whole , the restaurant has potential but I don't think I'll go back any time soon
Worse place to go for service or advice,they hire Morons who dont know nothing nor do they really want to help you,they will make up excuses for not testing your battery or ac, stay away from this location
They now close at 10pm instead of 11pm. I am taking away another star.
I attempted to go back to BWW y with my Brother in law who wanted some good wings. We showed up and the location is now closed! WTF? FAIL!!!
Alert: Possible Food Poisoning.\n\nWhile the staff is friendly and the food is actually quite good. I've now had diarrhea twice from this place. While its possible it was the spices, not ruling out uncleanliness given the past reviewers.
Love the sushi and service. The only negative thing is: their hot tea it's a little too weak for my taste.
Love the stock but the staffs attitudes are poor. This hasn't stopped me from returning though!
My wife and I went to Fig Tree for our 10th year anniversary the food was superb as well as the service. We especially loved that it has a old house feel with plenty of charm. It 's was highly recommended by friends, and we really enjoyed the  experience .
This place is great. I love the fries and the omelette. It really is a family restaurant like they say. I would go here erry Sunday with my pops. One of the restaurants that I personally think is best well run with at this location
Bleh, sorry Denny's but I'm not a fan. The food is awful. More times than not, so is the service. I only came here two times for breakfast because the other nearby restaurants had a wait and I was starving. But next time, I think I'd rather start gnawing on my own arm.
Went to see transformers today. Attendant have me the wrong ticket but I found the theater very clan and had a great selection of food.
Food was good at best, they serve alcohol but there's no scene, no outside seating, and uncomfortable seating.
Well Mimi, you finally got it. Kind of. Back are Some classics like the meatloaf and chicken parmesan with a few changes. Not bad, the waiter we had told us Mimi is under new ownership, possibly P.F. Changs? Not verified. Dinner was ok and we are more likely to go back now.
Great food. I had the buckwheat crepe. It was excellent.
The food here was delicious and reasonably priced.  I loved the seasoning and recommend the Queso Fundido.  The service was a little awkward, but very nice and attentive.
Epic! Barn burger with sweet potato fries cannot be missed! Need larger wine/beer list.
Way too crowded, lack of seating, tight quarters.  There are much better options on the strip for a good sports bar
Blah and yuck! Basically a buffet.
Stopped by this place while in Madison for the Ironman, very friendly, kind staff.  Food was very good also.
Mediocre Mexican at best. Food is as uninspired as its strip mall surroundings. And with lunch costing $15 for a drink and two a la cart items, way overpriced. Do yourself a favor and go to Roberto's instead. Same quality food for half the price.
4th time here and still the best service I've received. Being a mechanic myself, I am fully satisfied with the work and service I am consistently given at My Auto Service.
Stopped here while re acquainting myself with Pittsburgh.  Cool place, good beer.  Nice atmosphere.  Pretty cool graffiti art adorns this hidden little gem. Bee didn't eat here but the food looked really really good.  Worth the stop.  Next time I'll eat.
Great View! Went here for dessert  had several different things but the best was the strawberry short cake. This made it worth it all!  Didn't have dinner here so i gave it a 4 until next time.
Excellent go to type of place to grab an average slice of pizza, wings, beer, etc. I've dined here for lunch and dinner numerous times. The staff have always been friendly, the food has been average but very consistent, and even when it's really busy the service is generally quick.
No thank you.
Great staff, awesome eat-in or take home experience.  Fish sauce to die for.  The best Vietnamese food in the Valley.
Compared to Jets, the girls dancing on stage weren't as great.  club wasn't as crowded.  one of the smaller dance floors.  drinks were free before 11... bartender was nice... dj played a lot of retro music...
This place is the illest.  That's all I have to say.  My dirty martini was perfect.  Shout out to the band So Disrespectful.  They tore it up.
Quality is fresh and presentation looks nice but it's overpriced for what you get and the wait time to get your food is way too long.
All I have to say is ...... 25 min in the drive-thru. Ummm there were only 3 cars in front of me......?
The food is what you can expect from any Oreganos but the customer service here is not up to par. It's kinda sad because I went to college in Flagstaff and have set the standard of every location to meet the FLG one.
I'm iffy on aquariums (and zoos) unless they seem to be legitimately helping support marine life. This one isn't.\n\nPlus you'll be through all the exhibits in 20 minutes, and most of the delay is because it's tiny and there are lots of other people in there.
Good work, good price, good people
Interessante Gestaltung, mitten in der Stadt, unfreundliche Bedienung und ekelhafte Getr\u00e4nke, ein Stern ist da fast zu viel.
The food wasn't bad.  The pies were delicious. My favorite is the lemon, my family loves the pecan. First time there the table kind of smelled, but the second time, the experience was much better. Definitely a place to visit for the history though.
Wackness defined. Twenty bucks for food that makes T.G.I.Friday's look like it deserves a Michelin star. Even for an airport this place is overpriced and not worth a stop. The service was decent, but that was the only redeeming quality whatsoever about this place. Avoid.
Beautiful and exotic sandwiches, delicious smoothies (make sure you ask for boba!), and a bizarre ambiance make this one of my favorite restaurants in Arizona.  Cash only, but so worth it.
I started with insalata caprese con peperoni..beef carpaccio..risotto with truffle..5 tasting of ravioli..and salmon steak..amazing
Very competitive pricing, fast turnaround time, and friendly, knowledgeable service. What more could you ask for? I've used them for my business printing needs (cards, flyers, posters, banners) for almost 2 years now, and I'm extremely impressed with them.
The cilantro lime chicken wonton ramen was the only thing keeping me coming back. It was absolutely amazing. Since they removed that from the menu, their other ramen options including their various takes on tonkatsu were just underwhelming tasting. I do like like their combo options with the ramen tho.
Horrible experience and food. \nBrought kids to play figured we could eat.   Bad idea. Food is very bad.   Management can care less about a customer service.    Don't recommend.  Food is really really bad.   Our fault should have done Homework before going, no wonder it's 2 stars
I love this place! That's all!\n\nThank you for making no rice sushi rolls for me while I was on my diet!
Sadly, the quality of the sushi has diminished.  This WAS my favorite sushi place.  The last two times, the sushi was nowhere near the former quality.  Noticed a sign indicating open under new management.  I guess I need to start looking for a new favorite sushi in the NW area.
I have been waiting 10 minutes for 2 caramel macchiatos. There are starbuck employees standing around while there are many drinks waiting to be made. And I am pretty sure there are drinks being made before mine! It's ok, it another reason why I will start going to mom and pa coffee shops!
Strictly for people who like good food and aren't afraid to pay for it.  Extremely expensive, but the food is so perfect it is hard to complain about the check.  One of the better restaurants in the State.
This office has excellent chiropractors and Celeste (NP) is Awesome!  Very Friendly staff that knows your name and cares about you.  I will have to say that their are millions of Chiro's in AZ and I will only go to: Gilbert Physical Medicine.
oooh moist creaminess.
Started with oysters and Chardonnay - then grilled Tilapia, rice, and zucchini - a perfect meal!    All recommended by our beautiful bartender who looked exactly like Thandie Newton!  Then - walk the mall at tempe mkt place. Very nice!!!!
A modern take on sushi...very creative.  Although being creative, some ingredients do not do too well together.  They also got rid of a few dishes that were popular.  All in all a nice modern atmosphere and if you like interesting dishes...this would be the place!
Tried a premade salad, NASTY! Maybe the pizza would have been a better choice. Many people seemed satisfied.
This location is a glorified garage sale. It smells and nobody speaks English. Children are running free pulling clothes off racks and smashing into people. \n\nIf you are lucky, you can find shoes, but I have never found jack shit for clothes.\n\nGo upstairs to Marshall's and spare yourself.
Marcel's has the best staff and owner in the area. Mercedes coming home was a blessing. All the girls are great. Exceptional value on drinks and food. Great neighborhood bar and they open at 10 for anyone who likes Little Big Town's DAY DRINKING.\nBOB
I really like AZ Sandwich Co because they make sandwiches and salads with integrity. it makes me feel good to know that someone cared/was prideful enough to make my sandwich delicious. Good people. Good foods.
Not good at all.  Average at best.  Table we were sat at was sticky and needed wiping down, had to ask the server twice to do it.  Food was ok but not good.
Nice selection of flavors. They seem to have more dry toppings then fruit toppings which they should have a balance. And A nice strawberry syrup would of been nice as well. Its cheaper than Yogurt land and U Swirl so thats a plus.
The food is always great, and I love their lemonade. But wait time during lunch is an issue. If there's only two of us, or God forbid it's just me, I often feel like the owner finds it a burden to seat me. Not a good impression.
Wow, what a bargain! Delicious dinner buffet for only $10 and that includes a hot spicy tea and mango lassi. Great service and clean. My only suggestion would to move the rice to the beginning of the buffet so that stupid Americans don't double back in line.
Best nigiri that I've had in Vegas so far.  Wait staff is super friendly, and the fish always tastes super fresh.
I was a Chicken and Waffle rookie and thought I should try it. It was wonderful. The staff was fun and the food was great.
For a regional private airport this place is great.  It serves it's purpose well, whether you are chartering a private plane or taking one of the tours.  There are helicopter services out of here as well.\n\nIt's quiet, it's clean and super easy to park.
Maybe I'm just not a breakfast person. I wasn't too impressed with lunch either.\n\nFood is fresh, there are healthy options. I'm just never blown away.\n\nAlthough I would eat here over a Denny's-like restaurant any day.
Falafel platter was pretty big. But the fries weren't very good. The baklava wasn't that great & over priced. \nServers were friendly.
Love CDJ.  \n\nOld school Vegas in Mexican restaurant form.\n\nPretty diverse menu, good service, and good food.\n\nI stop in whenever I get a chance.
Super slow service, even after we kept reminding the server that we had a show to catch, and very okay food. \n\nNot really too vegetarian friendly and the rest of the food was A-OK too.
Service is always slow and usually not very nice...the food, well it's Taco bell so it's good..
VERY strange restaurant. D\u00e9cor was all over the place, walls painted in an almost comic strip fashion, tables and chairs were like a mess hall and the waitress were dressed like strippers. Food was a best poor bar food and was too slow given how empty the place was. This is not a redo for us.
Love this place.  The goat curry, which comes with sweet potatoes and plantains on the side, is amazing.  The portions are huge too.  Friendly service with lots of ya mons  thrown in.  If I lived in Montreal, this would be my go to spot.
Great bar very cozy and relax. \n\nCheers,\n\nEric Van Nguyen
Most amazing kimchi fried rice I've tasted. The chef Ceaser is real friendly, come check him out he will hook you up.
Overpriced for breakfast.  \n\nWeird seating arrangement\n.
Mizzou watch party off to a rough start.  Crap service and no TV.  Come on guys.  Step it up or lets quit pretending.  Ive enjoyed the atmosphere here for years but its tired.  Seats are worn out.  Carpet is ancientn. Servers are so disconnected from the customer its sad.
The food was ok not great. I had a coupon that made it worth my while and there were plenty of HD TVs to keep up with baseball games.  My waiter seemed overworked but was nice
Yay for Steelers! It's awesome that Mike Tomlin looks like Omar Epps. Also Pittsburgh food is awesome. Pierogi, pork and sauerkraut, hoagies, pizza, and stuffed cabbage rolls.
My favorite HOT sandwich place. I highly recommend the Mediterranean sandwich with grilled chicken. So good!!!
Consistently good. I almost always have the BJ Cobb salad. Added a clam chowder this time. Canned but still tasted good.
Devin Luzod is a scammer !!!! Never adjusted just sales pitched and shown videos .. Waste of time  and $
The McDowell Sonoran Preserve is easy and beautiful to hike.  There are some steep inclines and declines on uneven loose rocks on the trail.  Breathtaking views and worth every ounce of sweat...  A major plus is that you don't need to fight for a parking space.  Happy hiking!
I had a great time.  I loved all the people and the band was great.  Lisa was very nice and welcomed us with open arms.  I will definitely make a stop in next time I'm in Vegas and want to get away from the rat race.
Knowledgeable management staff, good vibe and better recommendations
This walmart was really icky. And it made me go bazerk! There were zero cashiers and 50 people trying to buy their products. I had to wait in line for over 30 minutes just to buy my tampons.
A really good sushi bar in this tro of asian restaurants in the Benihana Village.  I had lunch here during CES week and despite the large crowds, service was still very good and the food outstanding.
I would HIGHLY recommend this place!!! I met some friends and loved the setting. The food was terrific with great services including the manger/owner was very pleasant. Due Forni has the best pizza. I will be bringing back my family and as many friends that would like to go. Thank you
A small dumpy filthy casino that doesn't even deserve to be a downtown casino, but here it is in the middle of mid-strip, likely one of the greatest location of Vegas.  They are renovating it; they really need to tear it down and completely replace it.  Modifying it will be futile.
I bought 2 tickets 85.00 assigned  seating the total came to 250.00 and received 49.95 first come seating.....I am furious!!! As far as I am concerned Ticket master is the biggest rip off ever. They should not be allowed to do business. DON'T USE THEM!!!
A huge selection of designer jeans for half price and if you catch a sale, even more. I've bought a few 7 jeans for me and Joe's jeans for my wife here. I really can't stress this enough, if you want to buy a pair of designer jeans, go here first and save yourself $100+ dollars.
I don't understand the reviews for this place, i guess the ppl that gave good reviews don't know what real Mexican food is supposed to taste like. The carne asada tacos were bland and i had to add salt and drown them in the salsa. I will never go back.
Dont stay at this place.. If there was a 0 rating i would give it that.\nFeels comfortable to be around other folks from Hawaii, but the maids-housekeepers do NOT clean the rooms thoroughly, not even the bedsheets. Trash on floor. Its filthy.
I got sick the same night I ate here.   Threw up two.days, shits the third day.  Was told this was the best place to eat, but my food didnt seemed.fresh when.I got.it, I knew it, got sick.   I am making sure everyone that eats sushi, does not.go here
A couple of really nice girls, nothing amazing. But free limo and drink offers which is always great!
This was a great find. The food was great, and the staff was very nice. The restaurant itself was a bit rundown, but the food definitely makes up for it. It is great that they only offer vegetarian dishes. They also offer carryout! I will definitely be a returning customer.
This place needs to update its look but the beef kabobs are mouth-watering and that's all that matters! The wait time is long but the food is always fresh here and the portions are big.
Ew to poor service and less than desireable food!  No bueno
NOT OPEN ON WEEKENDS! If you serve coffee be open on the weekends, please!!\n\nI tried to come here twice and they weren't open. Pretty bummed because I was hoping there was a cafe in walking or bike ride distance from my place. Bummer.
Just passing through on a long trip. My clothes were beginning to smell and this place was highly recommended. It is exactly as described. Parking is great. Very clean even the bathroom. The washer didn't spin out as much water as I'd like but hopefully the dryer is super strong!
A very nice dinning experience.
Super quick for takeout, with a variety of Asian fusion options. The food is so-so, but satisfies if you need a quick fix in a hurry!
Hello pretty girls bathing in bathtubs.\n\nHello dude that came out from nowhere who talked to me weird.\n\nHello insanely packed crowds.\n\nHello Expensive drinks.\n\nHello Las Vegas.
Who sells a burrito with only meat? The water down guacamole does not makeup for no rice or beans. The staff also has horrible customer service. If your craving Mexican food please stay away from this shack!
Nouveau dans le quartier. Excellent resto. Carte simple, en \u00e9volution. Tr\u00e8s abordable et ambiance sympa.
Blowout Dollhouse is THE place to go for the perfect blowouts, up dos and more! They can take a picture and recreate it like magic. Ashley and Angie have got it down to a science! Love these beautiful dolls!!
Never a negative experience! My favorites: the soynami, hazelnut lattes, the donuts, scones, cookies, & the nami mcbagel.  Awesome atmosphere, great location, lovely artwork, & super close to Green to catch dinner before.
This food is terrible, probably the worst Mexican food I've ever had with horrible service to match.
Nice elegant place. They make it pretty dark inside like a lounge. They have DJs also. Happy hour is good. $1 sakes! Sushi is good, some other plates they have aren't as great. Still a good deal
Efficient, knowledgable, reasonably priced, prompt, -- every time I went to the store it was a pleasant experience. Mark and Rick are great!
Locals beware, if you want to use the sauna and steam room, you must be a hotel guest or purchase a treatment. On the website, this is not specified. To make things worse, the staff was not accommodating. Save yourself a trip if you just want day access to the sauna/steam.
The dessert was wonderful - some rhubarb thing with ice-cream.  The food :-|
Food was good, waiter was a n00b though, messed up our checks and didn't really check on us.\n\nI'd put a two star, but the food was good.
Nothing but great!\n\nPlease open a location in Mooresville!
Staff was very nice.Im just not feeling the merchandise...
California Club... That is all.
Good service and adequate Mexican fare. However, the food and drinks are ridiculously overpriced for the quality and portion size, even for a Strip location. We only ate there because we were at the casino and it looked like a good place. We do not plan to return.
These people have no idea what to sell you. They just point to the startup boxes when I could have saved money buying better items separately. No knowledge on reptile health. Also sold me a turtle with one eye. Really?
It's hard to get out of the office for lunch so I usually order my food from here.  Bring it to my office and it is always quick and tastes great....... Thanks for keeping me fed
Just moved to the area and really appreciate Matt's extra effort with our homeowner's policy.  The quote was lower than my military insurance quote.  We also found State Farm Bank to be very user friendly. \nJNA
I absolutely LOVE this place. I have been here several times after reading about it in las vegas weekly. the food is to perfection everytime! the prices are amazing for this type of quality of food. i LOVEEEE the sauce that they serve on the side of the arepas. they are to die for.
Pretty nice pub atmosphere. Went in for happy hour. Dollar wings and dollar sliders. And 2 for 1 domestic drafts. Nice service and above decent food.
Nice option in the area for light, quick meal options. Portions are on the small side while they don't skimp on the price. Taste is unremarkable but the ingredients seem quite fresh.
Brittney is so knowledgeable and kind. She does a fabulous job with my skin which is very sensitive. Her gentle products have proven to be perfect for my skin. I can't say enough about the thoroughness of her services. Do not hesitate to go in for a consultation and a customized treatment perfect for you!
The lunch sets are a good deal and habachi display is cool.  I find this place too expensive,especially after another Japanese restaurant called Osaka opened a few blocks away which offers a variety of sushi and bento box for a more reasonable price,quality is a little inferior of course but well worth your money.
The hair cut is good, the gal that cut my hair had zero personality.  Overall the shop was dirty and I would not probably go back!
A venue that can continue to sign contracts with customers and collect money while filing for bankruptcy and going into foreclosure is just sick and wrong!!!! Keeping the money of hardworking people is taking it to a whole new level!
So good. So cheap. So perfect.
Food is really good but the service SUCKS, I always order the nachos when I need a fix, there's enough to feed 2 maybe 3 in a single order. If you don't mind bad service for a descent meal, this is the place for you.
This is the worst dry cleaners in Charlotte. They have ruined several shirts and after recently losing a suit if mine I have decided to take my business elsewhere. The owner is also extremely rude and I would strongly encourage anyone in need of dry cleaning svc to go elsewhere and avoid these hassles.
Everything is usually great here, but for 56$ a month and all I really use is the elliptical machine and I could go anywhere and pAy less, yes the facility is very nice and staff but it's alwAys horribly HOT! Please turn your air on
I'm disappointed nearly every time I go here. Store is just too small. Variety sucks, prices suck. Why does it have to be so close??
The quality of the food was completely overshadowed by the rudeness of the staff. They acted as if they were completely put out that we were at their restaurant. No food is good enough to have staff be completely snobbish and rude. Epic fail
Food isn't too good. Service is terrible. Food was super slow. It took 45 min to just get some pho. They are under staffed and the customers suffer for it.
I order my daughter's bday cake here every year. Price is very reasonable. The cake was very moist and not too sweet. I tried their truffles too and it was very good. I usually give them a sample of the cake design I want and they always get it right!
Oh my goodness I absolutely love this place! Strawberry hotcakes have brown sugar creme cheese and whipped cream! Also love the chorizo sausage with eggs n hash! Fresh strawberries year round wonderfully delicious !
The pho was 3 star. Broth was average, but meat was very delicious and tasted fresh.\nDefinitely try the garlic chicken wings. It's crispy, and batter is simple, yet delicious.
Went here for the first time, great bar! Good vibe and great beer selection. Bartender is attentive and knowledgeable
Smaller than the Chandler location, but definitely a great place to find bargains. Come here prepared to do a bit of digging (especially in the shoe section) and expect to wait in line.
John was awesome, very helpful, friendly and honest. Came out the next day. Affordable pricing, nothing shady. Thought my door was beyond repair, he literally brought it back to life. Would recommend to anyone who has a problem and thinks there is no hope.
Great location overlooking the pool and the food was good!  A little pricey for how basic the meals were, but nothing above the norm for the M.Bay.
Can you say upgrade......\nThis place is beautiful however a little disorganized- but they make up for it with UPGRADES. Huge TVs, Big beds, nice views. You will get a lot of bang for your buck here...
Definitely a great place to get a hair cut!  I have been going to the same place for 5 years and was nervous about switching barbers but I wanted something closer to the house.  I must say VERY impressed!  Jerome was very personable and I would recommend him to anyone.
Meh. Pretty boring in my opinion. I cant think of any particular segments were I thought it was funny/cool. \n\nThe last 10minutes was entertaining though. Or maybe I was just excited for the show to finally be over. I dont know. \n\nDont recommend.. at all.
The most amazing bar! Nate is the best bar tender ever! He is quick and gets your drinks  right! Scottsdale can turn up with this spot! #teamnate
Tried the AYCE for lunch. Hated that they put so much imitation krab mix in almost every roll. Gross.
This place is awesome!! Friendly staff and great service. Literally takes less than 5 minutes from the airport, always has some kind of groupon offer available, picks and drops you off right in front of your car. Will be happy to use them again
Have eaten here a few times (4) and always have a good experience, although it's nothing to rave about.
This was a learning experience. I learned that we are in Phoenix and should never friend on an American taco. The place is a mild variation on baja fresh and the food is awful. It is a horrible attempt to match the local tacos but fails miserably. This was definitely my first and last time here.
Rooms are very nice but service was horrible. Supposed to check in at 3 but kept me waiting until 5.
Awfull service,, food is wannabe italian but is not!!! Terrible food,terrible management. really disappointed of this place I rarer go to Olive Garden.....to bad. This is a great lication.... In town square. I dont recommend this place!
All i can say is rude!! They always seam bothered when you walk in and if you ask questions. $16 for a small bottle of juice, for that price i need better customer service! For now ill be shopping for my stuff somewhere else!
I've ate at both locations, the food is usually good, some times they are bit off and the chicken seems tough. Red Velvet cake is great, sweet tea is just like down south, and the waffles are delicious!\n\nBoth locations are always crowded so get there early and come hungry!
We came to Jackson's almost everyday during our weekend stay. It's off the strip. We met some really cool locals. Mellow place to just hang out from the crowds and lights of Vegas
This place has absolutely, positively, fom an informed been to france and all source, me, the best espresso in Madison.
This is not a good Mexican food. Wack. Over priced. The tacos have lots of meat but they are not good. Tortillas taste old. Burrito too much green peppers.:(
I had the mushroom cheese steak and it was good.  The bread could have been better but the meat and toppings were really good.  We also shared the fried mushrooms and they were really good.
Good food great for groups good service only down side it is a bit pricey
It was ok. Service not the best. I love the color scheme and general design but it was pretty awkward to be in fashion square mall. i was not very impressed. i thought it was over priced and not enough food, i also had a disgusting house martini that the waiter said was like a mojito- bad description.
I like the fact that they carry a bit of everything. BUT  if you order something from seafood department, be sure to weigh your purchase. Found out at home that  I paid for the  heavy cardboard box that they put my fish in.
Deplorable really.  The food made me sick.  I would rather have Taco Bell.
Definitely get the watermelon margarita.
I ordered a cappuccino! It felt a little light! It was too light. I believe the barista poured a sip into my cup and topped the rest off with foam. Not happy. I guess a few bucks does not go a long way these days. Try harder Starbucks!
The food is ok and I like that they're 24 hours. One of the things that I don't like is that you sit yourself but you don't figure it out until a while. Waitress also take a while to take your order. Other than that is ok.
At first I was a sceptic but by the time he started to sing he was actually Prince. This dude is spot on.. This is a must see show. We'll worth what I paid and I'd go see him again.. Impressed I was. So glad  I took in this show...
Staff is friendly, selection is so-so, which is about what can be expected for a shop of this size. Middle of the road for used bookstores in Vegas.
I love this place! \n\nMy fav roll is the \"Butterfly\" it has peanut butter in it! So tasty! & I love that their open til 3am!! \n\nEveryone needs to try this place!
love this place. great food with local feel.
Slowest\ncoffeehouse\nservice\never\n\nDo *not* go here if you are in any sort of a hurry, day or night.\n\nFood is okay.
The food here is excellent and the staff is great, attentive and accommodating. We go here regularly and always leave happy.
Ridiculously slow service where we were honestly just going to leave.  Once it finally came out the sushi was so-so at best.  I'd never go back.
I don't understand all the great reviews on Yelp. We had bad service and very bad food tonight. The waitress was rude, the food was cold and very bland.
Very friendly! Nice clean place. Food was A-ok like the rating. Was lacking the WOW factor. After reviews thought I found a real gem, but it was just another GOOD place. Flavor would be my only complaint. I would go again. But I would not drive out of my way.
They've changed it you know.\nIt's nicer.\nIt's like the bellagio fountain show with fire and the angry god music playing in the background.\n\nAlso the flames go higher now which is nice when you're cold.(not when your drunk!)
Not really sure what I expected from mall food, but it had been a long time since I had a cheese steak, and I was starving.\n\nThis was awful.
Dont go here. Its just Bad. Dirty. Not friendly. Bobas are disgusting. \n\nSkip this Place & go to boba nr1. Always nice friendly& explain every Drink. \n&&& much much better
Schnell, nett und immer wieder lecker. Unbedingt die Pizza mit D\u00f6nerfleisch probieren!
awesome service and great food. stayed here for a week and was satisfied all around every time.
Great breakfast and lunch spot! Its open on Saturdays now and later during the weekdays which is great cause I always need a great breakfast spot close by. Nicole the owner, is amazing and will let you customize anything off the menu. Stop by and help support a local business they are about to start their 7th year!
This has to be the best BBQ meats in Vegas !!  They have also catered the annual Vegas Valley 4 Wheelers Hump N Bump In Logandale NV. for the past couple of years. They bang out awesome food to the massive crowd in record time efficiently and friendly top notch !!..check them out ..
Worth a visit.  If you are a foodie, it is a remarkable place to visit.  The samples are yummy and the displays are beautiful.
The worst service I ever had in years and the manager that in this case was the cashier completely put us  aside and give us an attitude. So sad to see  the most essential principle of a restaurant wich is service being ignored,  I hope they fix this issue but I wouldn't recommended to any body
First time in Vegas, last time at Little Darling. Read all the other negative reviews and you have my review summed up.
Eat a lot at farmer boys in socal the food here was great and the serves was great they need to open up more here in Vegas very clean friendly place if you are in the area and want good food go there
We love this place. We eat here probably 2-3 x month.  The chips are the absolute BEST, i cant explain it. Portions are big, food is awesome. Margaritas are pretty cheap, like $2.99 I think, and they DONT SKIMP on the tequila. Love this place.
My FAVORITE teriyaki place in Vegas. The best teriyaki sauce and the meat is cooked just right. Plus, you get a lot for the price you pay.
I wanted to like this store- it's cute, and sells local art and crafts. Unfortunately, the cashier went out of her way to be condescending about a mispriced item, ruining the friendly atmosphere.
Had breakfast, it was good. Stayed in my room till night to swim. And when down town for a bit to eat. This is alright. Staff are good.
Awesome shop! George and his crew are excellent barbers! Great vibe inside the shop. Well worth every penny!
It's not fine dining, but it's great for the price. Get there early for breakfast at the lowest price around (with player's card) and get an omelette made to order. Yum! It's a buffet, not fine dining, but it sure tasted good for casino buffet food!
Went to lunch today and had the sampler,very dry chicken, if that's what it was, I'm thinking it was cat, totally gross. The chip/ salsa was poor, chips were oily and the salsa was bland, had no flavor. Poor service.
We received excellent care by Dr. Camp and the P.a. Burt. They are personable,  knowledgeable and put my daughter at ease.  The front office staff was also very kind and efficient.  The office is clean and conveniently located off of the 215.
Good Korean food for those \"tough mornings\" from drinking too much fluids the previous night.  Good kimchi and good service.  I love these restaurants that serve one thing.
This is really a great place.  I visit almost every time I'm in the area.  Pizzas are massive and I've always had a good experience.   My first visit the asparagus was massive, but recently they seem to be much smaller.
It's my Monday tradition to come here for lunch. This place is amazing. The food court itself looks pretty sketchy but the sushi from this place is fresh, good priced, and delicious. The people that work there are very nice and courteous. They go above and beyond. I definitely recommend this place to anyone!
What a HUGE disappointment. \n\nLoud beyond belief.\nLousy service. \n\nFood was just okay. \n\nVegas has so many better places to offer - both on the strip and the small local joints off the beaten path.
use multiply times for different projects with different price range, never had any issue with time, or work quality, they will do $100 job same what as $1000
Great place to stop in for a healthy mediterranean meal.  Fairly priced with good service.  I had the steak kabob and it was tasty and juicy.  PRO TIP: Wednesdays = 25% off entire bill for customer appreciation day!
Most stores in here are pricey but they got the biggest forever 21 in Vegas and the awesome runway. Plus there are pretty good places to eat inside.
An oddly bright and open bar for Old Town on a Saturday night, but it's pretty much a staple. Gilligin's is a good place for groups and enoying the patio.
Always a good place yo eat. Had their Seared Ahi tataki salad which was just the right amount. Only issue, they tossed the salad with way too much dressing. So if you order it, get the dressing on the side. Service and servers are always accommodating.
Three words: jack daniels chocolate swirl. I don't like whiskey and I love this. It's caramel, chocolate and jack all rolled into one. Yum.
9p.m. maybe only 5 other customers. Probably passed 9 employees.  Actually walked the whole store and each department except outside garden.  Nobody said one word to me. That's cool thx home depot
Attended a recent event food served outdoors rather than inside . No vegetarian salad options as promised for our event. Place seemed more interested in pushing alcohol. . I would recommend if they have future events to serve indoors . Place has large eating area inside which I would recommend for future event planners
Service is good, but boy is it cold inside. They need to turn the temperature up a bit!
This place has lousy service, even by K-Mart's low standards.  It's bad enough that they're in a sketchy neighborhood, with clientele to match, but the service is virtually non-existent.
Yelp seems to take down my review for this chicken cafe looks like they just leave the bad ones up this place is great hot delicious food nice people ribs are  great i hope that yelp leaves a few of my reviews up.keep it up Nevada chicken
I had a lunch buffet today, food is average taste. Nothing special or surprise items.common Indian buffet, interior looks good.Poor customer service.
Summer hours... Open at noon!  WTF!
Can't go wrong with Carrabba's!  Wait staff was quick and efficient. Enjoyed the food very much and will definitely be going back.
This is not a very attractively decorated restaurant, but the food is amazing. The owner always has good recommendations and wants you to have a great dining experience. I go by here every time I am nearby.
Sure beats Einsteins...The bagel and lox...not too shabby.  Bagels are a little more chewy than bready which is a plus!  Good coffee.
Great Jewish bakery! It's a great place to get bread, dessert, and other goodies. I've lived in Israel and found it to be quite authentic. I highly recommend it.
Abysmal food and service.  Has gotten progressively worse over the years.  Just an expensive Taco Bell.
Good service... But personality wise a little snob'ishhh.\nFood is always AAA.\nGreat place to go with friends n family.
The best steakhouse in Arizona. Amazing service, awesome decor, and the best food one can possibly get. Drinks are fantastic as well. You will never leave City Hall unsatisfied.
good steak, good portions, good option for vegas.
My wife loves the gnocci.  It's a bit cramped so make sure you have reservations.  The menu is small but I've always found at least on dish to my liking, just never been blown away by anything yet.
I really enjoy eating here! The price is very reasonable, the cashier and server are very attentive and helpful. I only wish they were open on Sundays! Have the delicious chicken pho and taro bubble tea!!
Food was good at this location... Morning service was the worst ever... Don't stop here if your in a rush in the morning take my word for it.
Being from the L.A. area, I felt the food wasn't as fresh, and the serving sizes were smaller than I'm used to.  I could overlook the location and decor for exceptional food, but it did not meet my expectations.
sorry, just did not like it. Did enjoy the crispy crust but the tomato sauce just killed it for me, it was bitter and in general the pizza was flavorless. I'll try it again sometime just to be sure but really can't recommend it at this point.
Great sushi and Asian fare! Service is always quick and the food is always amazing. This has become a staple in my boyfriend and I's \"go to\" restaurants. Highly recommend!
Stopped here multiple times while moving furniture. Cold drink, $1. Don't have to get out of car. No one begged for money in the drive thru line. A perfect execution of beverage.
Love this place. Decorate my house with this place
2 stars for ambience and zero stars for food. Overpriced sushi that taste like the prepackaged sushi they sell at walmart. No joke stay away. This was the downer of our Vegas trip. :(
Very bad service and management., they are very bad food was ok but service was really mean I like the Scottsdale,AZ better
I waited nearly 30 minutes, never did get waited on.  I finally just got up and left.
Big fan of this buffet. Great selection of food and always wonderful service
Used to be the father of all the Las Vegas hotels.  Not anymore, but still acts like it.  Rooms are expensive for what they are,  the casino limits are too high.  Never got lucky in here, didn't even enjoy playing.
CLIMAX CITY!  Best food truck of my life!  Sincronizada, Gringa, Atascate Chon...ADD GREEN SAUCE
The food is great but they r pricey.
I stop by on the way home to get some beignets. This was my first time there and they were absolutely awesome. This will be a regular stop on the way home.
Over priced food. Food was OK. \n\nNothing really speical about it. Maybe just the decorations.
Awesome little specialty store full of fun things! Paper Source really knows their paper. They have TONS of specialty papers for every occasion. But they also have tons of other things. I was particularly impressed with their collection of eclectic gift items. They also offer tutorials and classes to help you take your craft game to the next level!
Dropped by tonight for an Americano....not good!  I had high expectations, but this was the worst Americano I've ever tried.  Don't waste your time on this place.  I would rather spend the time driving over to Lux for some quality espresso.
I love this healthy alternative. Fresh ingredients and always yummy. Compared to a subway, port of subs or other sandwich shop, it really is much better. \n\nI do not think I have ever had a bad meal here and I have been coming here regularly for at least 3 years now.
I had Gigi's cater our cupcakes for our wedding in February. Nadia was awesome with instruction and communication. Everyone LOVED the cupcakes. Very reasonably priced as well. My step kids just love stopping in for a treat every once in a while on the way home too! Glad they came to Ahwatukee.
I tried the burger sampler and it's a great way to try 3 burgers on the menu. I Loved the burgers and the service. Great place to get your burger fix.
The service was wonderful! Not to mention their food is delicious!!! Definitely coming back soon.
Atmosphere is king here, but so is the service and the food. The menu has variety and the portions are perfect! A seat on the patio during cooler weather is fabulous too!
Yum yum yum! Restaurant is really good. A little pricey but worth the food :) if you like spicy this place is perfect for you! If not you can always let them know and they will adjust the flavor or let you know whats a good dish :)
Service is great. Food is delicious , cheap and filling. What else can I say...
Tip: show up early!!!!!!  The largest pancake I have ever seen. No microwaves here. Everything is fresh. Food arrives in huge black skillet. Delicious. If you are in Vegas, do not pass up Hash House.
I'm from Austin, Texas.  We used to have a bar just like this on Sixth Street called Shadow Lounge.  What a weird, creepy idea.  I just can't get into that.  It's easier just to not be elbowed through a crowd and get free champagne at the slot machines a few feet away.
I cannot recommend this place more. My dog absolutely loves his new food. \nOn top of it being super healthy for him, the owner and staff are really helpful and friendly. Their dog food and their attitude, actually made me feel like they love my dog, as much as I do!
I ordered a carne asada torta with extra meat and an horchata to drink. The torta had good flavor...but I paid $1.25 more for extra meat and got extra grizzle instead (see my pic). I won't be back.
Great food, incredible view, excellent service. What more could you ask for. We've done the prix fix many times and just ordering off the regular menu is great too. Can't go wrong for a special occasion dinner here.
I really didn't enjoy this place. I went to the one at Fashion Square. I found it to be the worst quesedilla I ever had. I dont know how you mess up a quesedilla, but by-golly they managed to!
Been 3 times in the last 2 years & every time they have over charged me. Double check your account, different from the bill I signed every time.
wow this place is overly hyped. i still love the food here but in no way is it as good as the bayside buffet at mandalay bay or the one at the mirage.
Had a great time!  Great food! There is usually a significant wait 30-60 mins!  Be prepared to wait!
Been calling for the last 30 minutes to find a family member that is residing there with no answer. Not what I expect and highly disappointed.
This is the worst Mexican restaurant. Chips were stale, the quality of food is trash so disappointed. El pollo loco is better then this. I recommend the word authentic to be out of there menu.
went to this buffet tonight and it was not good at all.  Options were very limited, and there were no premium items other than prime rib.  I will not return.
Great spa.  If u get a massage, ask for Frank- he's awesome!
Awesome food! Love the fries.
Fun place to hang out.Pretty much everything for an outdoor enthusiast.If your into this stuff easy to kill 3-4 hours here.Oh yeah they sell this stuff too.
Breakfast here is not to be missed. Kelli was a great waiter and we were pleased with the quality of the huge portions. This is a must dine establishment at least once.
omg so far my fav. place to get a white pizza from !! and the wings we so plump and tender !! \n\nit was a amazing experience hot fresh LOTS of cheese great specials and the driver was SO nice !!
Right now this club will get two stars. Mainly because of the 10.50 beers. Some of the girls were decent, but there is too much of a hustle going on. Could get a higher rating if they have a decent steak at a reasonable price.
This place is so dysfunctional I ordered a 4piece chicken nugget and got 2 and a half and that's just one of the nasty experiences I've had at this mcdonalds
Did they forget to toast my buns for the ahi tuna sliders?? I sure hope so because that would have made the sliders oh so much better.
Packed on a Thursday afternoon.  They were able to seat our party of 8 without any issues.  Food was fine.
Smells really bad inside of restaurant and food wasn't that good either. One star is plenty for them.
Really fun place! Great atmosphere and great food awesome parrots and cool crap everywhere decorated
Spent opening day for 2012 NFL season here in the sportsbook. Great setup with large TVs and great cocktail service. Probably spoiled me for my hometown sports bar.
If you can avoid the masses of school kids in the morning, this can be quite a nice Starbucks!  The fare is standard but the staff are lovely and very good at what they do.
I had the best customer service from Eric in the fan department today! Thank you for all your help Eric, you helped me more than you can imagine. I appreciate your customer service. Hopefully I'll see you again for more goodies! Your co workers were exceptionally helpful as well!!!
Their pizza is average. Typically was to greasy. They do deliver fast and always have friendly staff. Their wings are good.
disgusting. how did this place even get such high ratings??? \n\nservice was not that great and friendly either.
Overpriced cafeteria food.
Still enjoy this place but ever since it was taken over by Panera bread it has lost it's charm, unique food choices and is no longer special.
Ever time around 12 or 1 am I go and put gas and I always have the same clerk and she always looks cracked out like she does drugs or something when she's working and she's always rude to everyone
I love their all you can eat sushi here... I wish they would put one in southern cali because this is THE restaurant to go to.  No matter what you order it is delicious and you can eat as much as you can of it!
Don't get the negative reviews. Lee's has simple, cheap bahn mi and is open 24hrs.
We were so hot and craving something cold so we decided to go to frozen yogurt. We drive 7 miles in the heat to find out that this place is closed. It should be taken off this list!
Was not impress the facility looked a bit dirty; and the food was just okay: nothing I would really recommend.
Interesting place to check out. Local or just visiting, I would recommend a stop in. You will see things you never thought you would. Plus, the staff there are super sociable and kind.
Meh - this is the airport location. Of course this is a better choice to eat AT the airport but if you want to try The Great Dane go to one of the other locations. Everything was a little more expensive :/
Boo notes and quotes for raising prices tenfold just b/c they were making illegal copies. No one should pay $150 for 100 pages of paper.
Worst! Service is good, \"food scraps\" are too expensive and tasteless.  They also use a bait and switch method in their pricing.  Spend your $100 elsewhere!
Hand down - the best place to buy pool cues (and other supplies) in the Phoenix area. Excellent service. Great selection. All price ranges. The owner is well informed and has a great amount of pride in his business. Don't waste your time looking elsewhere.
I love the selection of baked goods and breakfast treats for work :)  I've never had lunch or eaten here...someday soon, will have to try it.
Good tacos. Sometimes too busy and have to wait in long lines. Specially when it is cold.
Nice, mellow atmosphere. We had the pear and Pecan salad which was fresh and delicious. The pizza was great--fresh ingredients and arrived hot. Friendly staff.
Food is consistently tasty and people are way cool. Take care of your bartenders!
Had the Az devil hot dog here, was ok a bit small of a portion. The fries were good, will definately try the burgers next time. Friendly service.
Best fast food burger.  The peanut oil is a nice touch.  Greasy, quick burgers with delicious fries (cajun are the best).
Expensive beers and many elder people!!! But this looks pretty clean and the cocktail staff is pretty nice!!
Ordered through the app on my iPhone. That was awesome, and easy to use. Ordered their pasta bowl! It was ready in the time that was stated. Staff is friendly enough! I love the pasta bowl, they are awesome! Not complaints and I like this location.
Allez un Kebab \u00e0 \u00c9dimbourg, pourquoi pas! Tr\u00e8s bon, service sympathique et ouvert tr\u00e8s tard.
Food was decent.  Don't expect service.  Got a huge frown and attitude when I had the audacity to ask the server to bring me chop sticks.   She brought me a spoon to eat my meal with and nothing else. What?
treats galore in this lilltle shop off the beaten path in Belmont . My fave's are the white chocolate cheesecake and dill pickle .  I will be using them for Christmas gifts
I was really excited to come here and usually really like cajun food. What I got was a plate full of super-salty rice and beans. I couldn't finish it and left hungry. I'm hoping it was just a mistake. I'll give it another try one of these days.
Wow this place was awesome. I sometimes drive past this location and always see a line out the door. I tried each of the tacos and they're all great! Come early!....
Not worth the money. Lamb rack too sweet, too much alcohol in obster chowder. This is what happens when there's over crowded people in the restaurant that quality suffers.
Small and kind of cramped with no place to dance, but I did enjoy the outdoor seating area.  It's more of a lounge than a nightclub
Spaghetti squash and add chicken!! I hate squash of any sort but the guy next to me ordered it and it smelled tasty. I dont regret ordering it.. amazing!!!! The service is attentive and the menu is large enough that you have many options. I will give this Sam Fox restaurant five stars
Kinda dirty, I haven't been to a food-4 less in a long while but I didn't think it would have changed like that. Somehow the cleanliness of the store just wasn't there.
The burgers might be good but they totally flaked on my buddies event because they felt they had somewhere better to be. Not cool man!
I really like rubios. It tastes great and seems fresh.
Great coffee & their NYC sandwich is fabulous!
LOVE everything about this place.  Great atmosphere, great date place, great bar, and great food!  You must try the nachos!  Everything on the menu is good, and they have Warsteiner on tap!
Love this place.  Great selection of vintage clothing.  Prices are not cheap but I always find something when I visit.  I go once or twice a year.  However, I must say that the thrift stores in the Vegas area have an equally diverse selection if you are patient enough to visit them all.
Food was outstanding!  Service was horrible.
I'm a big Gordon fan having eaten at his restaurants here in Vegas and in London. The quality level doesn't change regardless of location. This is hands down the best burgers in Vegas.
This restaurant is no longer in business!!!
So bad... Pizza taste like frozen microwaved pizza.... Blt not up to par. It was lunch and we ended up spending $80 for horrible food and service :(
If you're a big Beatles fan, add a star or two.  Otherwise, the Cirque element was nothing I haven't seen at a \"mall\" circus.
one of my favorite bars, nice and cozy.
We have been here twice on our summer trip and were very satisfied with the quality of food and with the pricing, regarding the fact, you are in Caesars palace. \nIf your party is just two, directly pass to the bar and enjoy the wine list and the food.
Very very rude. Good food but just terrible service! Terrible!
OK - let's admit it. There are just some days that require nothing more than a stiff margarita and some low-brow Americanized Mexican food.
After having lived in Naples for two years, this is the best (read, authentic) Italian pizza I've had. Well worth the trip - my favorite, the Emilia
The jerk chicken was fantastic! The oxtail was ok. Part of what makes oxtail great is the right gravy. This was too watery to be considered gravy . I will try them again because everyone has an off day and the jerk chicken alone is worth the trip.
The most fabulous coffee in the city. \nThe best service once you warm up to the barristers\n& a sustainability crusader!
Unpleasant, inexperienced, and unwilling to help.... Don't take your animals here one groomer was severely hurting one of the dogs being groomed.
This place has closed.
Yeah, all these locations are excellent.  The know their stuff.
Terrible service; mediocre food. We will not visit here again!
Nice Place,clean, Good Locations
Functional and unfussy rooms for the recent wedding I attended here were more than made up for by the excellent food served up and the courteous service from all the staff I engaged with.\n\n\n Nicely laid out grounds but they do have you over a barrel as far as booze is concerned.
First time going to this location. Took over an hour to get appetizers. Service was terrible. An hour and 5 minutes for wings and oysters is ridiculous. Plates were dirty, silverware had dried food on it still. Wrote the corporate office and didn't get a response. Great customer service.. Not.
I come here all the time and I wish I had never got out the car. The inside of this place is disgusting. Dirty. And always check your order because the last two times they forgot my tortillas and my dessert. I won't be back. And I plan on contacting corporate. Service was horrible.
It's a sports bar. Lots of TVs around the place. Lots of sports decor on the walls. Dimly lit so the TVs can be seen better.\n\nThe food is fine. Nothing to complain about; nothing to write home about.\n\nParking lot out front.
The response from Kelly G. below merely entertains conjecture from dog owners, not veterinarians. I can assure the reader that my dog had neither bug bites or ringworm.
Best deal out there. Excellent, timely service and friendly staff. Often receive a coupon for a free Paradise cookie (don't need, but delicious) and a free car wash. Unbelievable deal if you score a $2 groupon deal...like getting paid to park.
Well meaning staff could not make up for the chewy, lifeless and overpriced sandwiches.  Even the soda fountain was mediocre, with many of the concentrates either out or low.  My requests for replacements with met with indifference.  Other than that everything was great!
The food here is usually good. Pizza is fabulous! Eggplant was from freezer n def not fresh. Sauce is decent but from now on will only order pizza....
recommend you guys should not come to this restaurant because the food contains a lot of MSG. I got headache and felt thirsty every time I came here. If you care for your health, you should not eat here because MSG is very bad for your health.
This place seems like a local version of Cheesecake Factory. Don't know for sure, but food really caloric. Overall, food is good. \n\nWaitstaff is really pushy about some things, asked about ordering one appetizer about 5 times.
Wow I waited 19 min in the deli line to get my lunch meat . It seems like everytime I go to Walmart none of the workers care about their job. Horrible service.
Great food, good prices.  We love to come as a family. Pizza and hot sammies are the best.
good steak.  Order the steak and shrimp. With mashed potatoes.  Its not on the menu, but its only $7.00
FYI...kids no longer eat free on Sunday.  They said it was \"getting out of control\". LOL.
good way to get a cheap haircut.  good way to get a bad haircut from an inexperienced student.  you never know what you're gonna get!!  The prices are really good so if you want an Aveda salon on a super low budget it may be worth the risk.  ASU ID's also get an additional discount.
I have always like Hawaiian food and these guys have really good food! There prices are good.  The atmosphere in the restaurant is very friendly and can be a good place for families and for dates.
Over all i love the luxor.  The rooms are nice and reasonably priced. The only thing bad I have to say is they need to clean the elevators.  If you have a decor that requires polishing,  then you had better do it and not let it look grimy and disgusting.
Bad experience at this place.. Receptionist is poorly trained and office is way overpriced..  I feel as if I have been scammed
The best boba in Las Vegas! favorites are coconut lychee and pinapple coconut
just had lunch at alice cooperstown, had the pastrami sandwich, it was fantastic, the atmosphere was killer and it decor was cool.
Now this is a pizza place!!! Very good and very well priced. Wings aren't \"the best\" out there, but they are the best wings I have tried at a pizza joint. Very good spot or pizza
My cheese enchilada was cold. And the cheese weren't even melted. And the sauce they use here for the enchilada tasted like ravioli sauce. Other than that its very quiet here.
Not like the one on 7th Ave menudo, but fry bread was soooo good.
This place is one of the better steakhouses in Vegas but expect to pay for it.  A modest Dinner for 2 will set you back 200-300 bucks.  With that said, The Complimentary Duck Fat Fries Are Amazing, The Steaks Have a lot of Flavor, and the deserts are incredible.
My coworker and I stopped there got lunch yesterday. The food tasted great but that night we were both sick to our stomachs. Another coworker saw our food and went there w her kids later that evening and also got sick. Her son found a geico in the bathroom!!!
This is a great family restaurant that is convenient & their food is always on par.  The service on the other hand needs a little work.
Had the Mediterranean Wrap with Tuna. Very good. Husband had the Original and he liked it as well. I know this isn't too comprehensive of a review, as they are sandwiches.  If they ever come to Omaha, we will be going for lunches.
These guys are on it!  I was out of there in less than 20 minutes on a Saturday morning.   The entire crew was friendly and super quick.  Great customer service!
Good food but extremely SLOW in receiving your order. I usually go there and also order delivery/take out and in both cases they're not efficient in delivering an \"express\" service as their name has been advertised. Gotta find a way to standup as a \"fast\"food restaurant.
Not the best sandwich I've had. I got the beef brisket and it was rather blah. I've had better at my local neighborhood deli and only paid $5.\n\nThe potato salad was okay but nothing extraordinary. And the pickle was just that - a pickle.
Everything about this place is DISGUSTING!!
Service was spotty\nFelt cookie-cutterish chain\nWas super spicy
Really pricey for such a small venue. Not too many animals to see for paying so much. I guess that is to be expected when you're on the strip.
Went for breakfast. Food was precooked sitting out cold. Eggs cold-bacon cold. The only thing hot was the coffee. Yes it was inexpensive but horrible.
Not the newest or the nicest but, everything you need and usually no wait for machines. The staff is super nice and there are magazines to read while your there. If they could just turn up the AC a little bit and put ESPN on more than two of the TVs.
You can get better food at Denny's. And I don't even really like Denny's much.\n\nOnly good part of this buffet is the omlet guy. He's fun to watch, and the omlets are good.
Very busy location, but I never feel like I'm in line very long. There are a few downsides, such as parking. Good luck tryin to find parking during their lunch and dinner rushes! The tables and floors could also be cleaner. There is always food on the ground and crumbs on the tables.
Really wanted to like this place :( 3 stars just for the fried yuca. The meat in my arepa tasted like steamed dog food, had a really gamey flavor. We literally took the rest of our arepas home and gave it to our dog
We all have had a chance to try dozens and dozens of burgers all over the place. Well FUKU is unique. They have managed to give their burgers that extra twist that makes it worth the trip. Their fries are good too. Well done guys.
New to the area and have ordered from them twice. The pizza is good, but overpriced, in my opinion. Everyone raves about the garlic knots...they were good, not great, just good.
The Venetian is cool.  I felt like mini Julius Caesar...the lil boat flowing across the hotel is so sick.  Seems like if i was in Italy or something.
Food sucked.  Overpriced.  Avoid. Thats all you need to know.
This is my Starbucks! I love this place on the way to work. And my 5 year old insist on a organic milk every Saturday after her ballet class. I also love the Gold card, good tip Tanya S.!!
I was not impressed by the pizza by any means. The red sauce had no flavor and there was very little seasoning on the pizza with the regular red sauce. The garlic sauce, on the other hand, was really delicious and I regret not getting it.
I really wanted to love this place, and I did enjoy  the atmosphere, but our bill for two hamburgers; two pints of Grand Canyon beer; and one glass of wine was $54.00.  With those prices, we won't be rushing back anytime soon.
Great selections, plenty of stations and really good wait staff. This buffet is what the Spice Market used to be like. Creative dishes from different cultures and one of the best desert and cheese bars around. Well worth a trip.
One of the best restaurants in Wickenburg! Has great food and the service is top notch.
Felt very rushed from the moment we sat.  Sushi was reasonably good but defiantly not worth going back.
Slowwwww service. From waiting 30 minutes to be seated (with open tables) to waiting 20 minutes before being able to order and 40 minutes for our food.
Just a store front with a FFL some place to get a firearm transfer done at    ant the parking is terrible
I was dismayed by the poor service at the VetMed location.  After purchasing a pricey Roasted Red Pepper w/ smoked gouda soup, I was handed a cold soup and told to heat it up in the microwave.  \n\nUnsanitary and unprofessional.
Found this place today and glad we did. Food was delicious and lots of different things to choose from. Service was great and parking was easy. We\"ll be back.
The food is only a one star. It's usually burnt when you get it. The service is two stars. Slow service even when not busy. A lot of TV's and great interior. I just wish the owners would bump up food and service.
Pretty average food. Heard It was so great but no different than a Perkins or Village Inn.
When I first moved here I thought this was good Mexican food.  Shows how much I knew.  Seems like a good place to drink, but you are best off leaving the menu on the table.  The food is really bland, salsa is not great either.
Average diner no more no less.  Look for the Diner sign in the corner behind the wine & spirits to find them.
Best pancakes in the world!
Worst buffet I ever had. Very limited choice and taste very bad.
All i can say the worse server,  they forgot our order, they dont know how to handle there customer well. Everyone is rushing no quality at all.
Good price, Good food, decent service...no complaints here
Definately my kind of place- Diamond in the rough... Fresh seafood... and cheap beer! The food was delicious! I can't wait to go back and try that giant seafood pot!
You get what you pay for. Police where called to the room next to me. The rooms had a nice modern touch to them overall was a nice look however I did get bit by a bug while I was there.... Not cute.
Food was good, service was fast and friendly. BUT... place was in serious need of cleaning.
Good American food. Beer is pricey though.
Horrible. Fucking. Experience. No level of deliciousness would justify how rude these guys were.
I forgot the name of the sandwich I got, but it was bigger than my thigh.  It was basically a brick of pastrami and a brick of turkey between two pieces of wheat bread.  I barely ate half and I kind of felt sick after from eating so much goddamn meat.
Regular price is $40. Got the 2-for-1 special. Otherwise, I wouldn't go. None of it was good but it wasn't awful though. I just wouldn't pay $40 for what I got. The best part was probably the prime rib and gelato.
***** CLOSED****\n\nIt was closed, bare and NO notices signifying if they are remodeling or just shut down.  Very disappointed
Let me start out by saying nice people when you first walk in, very welcoming.  I ordered the Bandeja Paisa, a Bandeja mini and Tostones with chicken.  \n\nOverall the food was good.
Very flavorful food.  I had the shacked enchiladas and they were excellent!  The only thing that I did not care for was the chips and salsa.
The food was very good. Loved the Market Green Salad, Wagyu Rib Cap and Potato Puree. The Sticky Toffee Pudding was amazing! The reason I did not give them 5 stars is because the service although attentive was very slow.
We come here all the time mostly because it's right by the house and it's reasonably priced! Staff is so nice and food is served so quickly! Our favorites are beef nam tok, pineapple shrimp curry, panang, papaya salad and tom yum.
This place is awesome really eclectic and a very laid back atmosphere. I've been to  this one and the South End location . This is a great place for lunch and to  gather with friends for beer and wine.
Not impressed. Better Indian to be had, but probably not on this side of town.
Came here for brunch. Best waffles ever!!! Bacon and chive waffles paired with a delicious savory sauce, you can't go wrong. I had high expectations and they were definitely met. I would highly recommend you come early or make a reservation. Kind of hard to get to but worth finding.
So ono! Wonderful fish, wonderful service! I can't believe I didn't find out about this place sooner. I'm bummed they're closed tomorrow!
Let me begin with I ordered seafood in a land locked state.  That may have been the problem from the get go.  Shrimp fried rice made me sick and my company that had the chicken didn't enjoy it either.  We threw our leftovers out.
This was one of the first places I ate at when I moved to Phoenix.  It was so good, I took my husband for dinner the next night.  Great food and atmosphere.  Love the outdoor seating.  Great staff as well!
You're standard Chipotle experience in the lovely town of Madison, WI. The staff was very friendly and the salsas tasted just a little bit better than normal. Also the prices were just a little bit cheaper than bigger cities.
Friendly staff, good prices, decent portions. Ambiance is lacking and the few times I've eaten here the food has ranged from average to good-not great. For the price though, I'm a repeat customer, especially given my positive experience with the staff.
The food and service were amazing!  The fried polenta is very tasty and if you have room for dessert try the Papaya Cream...
Incompetent!  All four wheels on the drive way, please.  It's not too much to ask!
Terrible!!! What have you done with the original long wongs!?
Eh, their beer is good but I like more selection. Their food is done well, but far from spectacular. If it's not happy hour, it's kinda not worth it...
Chinese and sushi. Service is decent. Food will come fast and hot. It's a small dining area with a sushi bar. I personally love the food but it isn't anything out of the ordinary. Try it! Cost is $7-14 entree.
The service was okay but geez the place smells like pee.
Overpriced, bitter coffee... But, the wifey wanted some pumpkin latte thingie so I winged in and grabbed her one. The staff was friendly and the drink was good so there you have it.
The best farmers market I've been to in the phoenix area. Locally produced olive oil, cheese, eggs, grass fed beef and all kinds of veggies have made it a staple of my Saturdays. Show up at 11 for the cooking demo, you'll thank me!
Was underwhelmed by Surrender. It felt more like a watered down version of XS. The decor is nice, the pools are great, but the overall vibe was nothing to write home about.
I wish we could have met under better circumstances but the moment I walked into your establishment I wanted to vomit.  It reeked of sweaty gym socks and vinegar and there was no room at the bar.\n\nMaybe I will come back with \"What Odor?\" in hand and we can have a fresh beginning.
Food is ok...not great. The service is inconsistent at best. Management is nowhere in sight. There are better options in Charlotte.
We have been going to Tyler Hamelwright for two years and found him to be helpful, professional and personable. We highly recommend him!
always nice to be there for a quick warm-up drink
Authentic, delicious!  Great prices, chips and salsas are fantastic!  Better than any Mexican restaurant in Scottsdale!!!
While visiting friers from Phoenix we ran by here one night for a halftime break.  Good selection of yogurt flavors.  Good selection of toppings.  Very clean inside and out.
This location is amazing! I cannot say enough good things! Come for Marcos; he is phenomenal with the makeup. He really knows his stuff and provides exceptional customer service. Whether you're going in for one item or a full makeover, he's your man!
Love this place except for being seated near the drink station pretty much in the kitchen. That's kinda lame. Otherwise this place is next to amazing.
I will try again when they have so e time to work out the bugs.  Need some sort of children's menu.
A fairly new Panera location - not on my GPS even with a current map update.  Located along a very busy stretch of the ordinarily-busy Eastern Ave.  Lots of great shopping nearby.  Lots of parking in the lot and good, comfortable seating.  Food is very consistent, as you'd expect from Panera Bread.
Been here multiple times. Great burger, great fries, and great beer. Never been to the dueling piano at night, but will go sometime. I am a bleu cheese fanatic and they have an amazing bleu cheese burger. My go-to place in Vegas for a burger.
great food decent price lot of choices
Food is excellent! Service is great too.  Whenever we are in town, we pay 30 bucks to and from just to have our meal here!!
This is the one shop that comes to my mind when I want a sandwich. Quite possibly my favorite lunch...the Jazz, Poor Brothers Jalapeno chips, a cute little chocolate chip cookie, and a Mr. Pibb. In fact, I had that today! Awesome.
Very professional and honest owner. Work done was excellent.\nhighly recommended!
Found on yelp. What a great old fashioned ice cream parlor! Service was excellent and the sundaes were amazing!
ive been here 100 times for all types of events and its a great place to eat, drink, and watch sports. I love the parmesaean garlic, teriyaki, and habenero sauces. The monthly beer specials isnt a bad deal for a tall domestic. Fries are also pretty good.
My kids raved about this pizza, but I thought it was just so-so. We were starving and didn't want to wait an hour for deep dish, so we ordered the thin crust and picked it up within 15 minutes. Giving 3 stars since the kiddos enjoyed & we'll probably be back for more.
came here on the last day of vegas... just to get their steak & eggs... i thought it was pretty good .. portions were small though, i believe... i forget, but not bad :)
Beautiful theatre, almost like a classic big-city theatre with the red velvet curtains and seats. I watched Wicked here and it was amazing. So thrilled that Vegas opened this! Can't wait to see another production!
This is one of our favorite shows in Vegas! There is so much going on, you can watch it numerous times and find something new every time. All seats are great! This is definitely a must!
I love this place! Gang ga ree is yumma dumm dumm!
Trampalina is the most interesting Boutique you've ever seen!\n\nTruly unique in presenation and merchandise!\n\nFor an amazing-affordable fashion shopping experience, stop by Trampalina Fashion Boutique!\n\nYou will find something you love!!!
If it wasn't for my coworker who I attended the establishment with I would have not been satisfied. The time of service was slow and inaccurate.
Good food Good service nothing incredibly special but what they serve is very good. nice bar not very many TVS so if you are a fan of other teams besides the cardinals may not be able to watch it here.
I like the atmosphere here...  its a little loud at times but that's a sign if a good time!\n\nThe food wasn't bad but it wasn't great either.  But I may stop in for a drink next time I'm in town.
It's ok there I just feel like if I could cook it at home better why go out and pay for it.I'm not a fan at all but my kids love it there for some reason
not happy with this dealership because you cant reach anyone in service and it goes straight to the answering machine and then they never return your calls.
Family style dining not really my thing. What they lack in quality they make up for in quantity, also not my style. We got a dish to share that was supposedly a restaurant favorite, it was very bland. Service was okay, overall disappointing.
The customer service at this pharmacy has really gone downhill. The girls working the counter are uncaring and even rude.  They don't deliver on the promise of free home delivery to clients. I had to pay 8$ for a home delivery of a medication they failed to give me. \nDon't take the fake smiles too seriously.
I've eaten here every time I'm in town.   Great food and great view of the fountains at the Bellagio.
Always a good meal and good service.
Have only been here once. Service was excellent! Food was great! I had the chicken fried steak...so yummy. But the best part of the meal was the biscuit!
This is a great spot for lunch in old town. Salads are good and good portioned. Sandwiches are also nicely portioned. They have expanded so it is much larger now. I had the Prime Steak Salad and it was prepared perfectly and had great taste.
It's been 2 1/2 days and my husband just starting to feel better and gain his strength back.  I filed a complaint with the corporate office of Johnny Rockets and have left 2 messages with the area vice president.
Ridiculously good Thanksgiving buffet! American classics plus Italian twists. Exceptional service.
Average food. Lackluster in taste. Just like most buffet everything over salted. Dessert was below average. Nice decor though. By the way, got cold coffee.
Average food. Just an expensive tourist spot on the strip. They should be using prime or grass fed beef for the prices they are charging for their burgers. I usually would recommend trying a place once so you can make your own decision, but not this place. Save your money.
Love it!  The espresso is great and I love that I can get almond milk lattes!  Sometimes they have vegan gluten-free desserts, which is an added bonus.  This place is always crowded, but that is just part of the deal.  Highly recommended!
Sad to hear its closing. Was very nice.
Great atmosphere. Friendly staff. I got the falafel-the pita was very good but the actually falafel balls were very dry.
Seems hit or miss....I've gone in for lunch and dinner. Lunch seemed to be better all around. The music is always too loud tho.
Went for happy hour. Did not disappoint! They have quite a good selection for happy hour. It was great presentation. It's huge sushi rolls lol! Great service! I will def be going back!
Good burger. Amazing service. We sat at the bar but were hydrating as a result of the prior evening. The waitress was ON it! Our glasses were never even 1/3 empty! Great people watching - all those in line for the club, and nice view of the chandelier. Would try again.
Leave another 2 days for your trip, because they really are that slow!! They really need to change their system here. Really, I might have been faster ordering the parts for a car, and building it myself!
Its Awesome!
Pretty good food for a sports bar. Excellent happy hour from 2-7 everyday! $2-$3 draft beers and $3 Smirnoff Jack and Bacardi.
I walked into the store today with my son and niece and was probably greeted by the rudest woman in retail history. As  glared at me like I was homeless I asked her what the problem was. She then called the police on me... Not kidding. She is out of her mind do not spend your money there.
Nothing special. Food was over cooked. Wouldn't recommend any omelette. Only reason they get 2 stars is because service was good and they comped my omelette off. Went to 5 church and everything was better. $10 bottomless sangrias and $12 bottomless mimosas at 5 church.
It was good BUT if you're used to the Midwest offering you'll be disappointed. Very condensed menu vs Midwest. Overall it's good but similar to Freddy's.
I was impressed.  I had really low expectations and it turned out to be one of the better delivery pizzas around here.  Would recommend most definitely.
Place is ok if you're looking for a cheap price.  Food was ok..I had better.  Not that much food selection for a chinese restaurant.  Service was extremely slow.  I guess u get what u pay for.
YUM, YUM, YUM and great service...oh and did I mention it was YUM?
Thought this place was OK but probably not something I'd rave about. Stopped here for lunch. Ordered the brown bag chicken sandwich - it was only OK, just not what I expected. Husband ordered the pulled pork sandwich which was really yummy.
Waffle and banana chocolate chip pancakes are good. Service not so good. Had to wait for about two minutes for the hostess to show up. Waitress didn't smile at all :(
i really enjoyed this place.  not a ton of seating, but definitely more spacious than your typical sandwich spot.  had the chicken salad.  on a scale of 1-10, i'd give it an 8.  really enjoyed the decor and \"chill\" atmosphere.  will definitely return!
I really wish I lived closer to one or that there was one on my way to work. I love the coffee shop in there. If I'm ever near one I always go in for a huge ice tea and snack. Good quality and pretty friendly service. Never really a long wait unless I stop in during the morning rush.
Busy store. Slow service. They need more people working.\n\nYes they honored my warranty on my car battery. It took less than 5 minutes to find everything. But it took another 30 minutes to simply replace it because there weren't enough people.
The food was fresh and the service from the food servers was outstanding.   When in Las Vegas make the drive out to the Boulder Highway and enjoy the best sushi in all of southern Nevada.
The food was fantabulous... great service and that's all you need ... i would go again
Maybe they use fresh ingredients but their crust sucks. It's too fluffy as pizza crust. I only get their pizza when I receive coupon code.
I am in love with this place. there has got to be more in phoenix
It's iHOP. Nothing too special about this place, food is solid. Ordered a pancake and eggs and it's all just fine. nothing spectacular.
Willy is amazing! I spilled cough syrup in my purse & there was my poor phone. The speakers were ruined & he fixed it for $45 in 10 minutes!!!!! I highly recommend this place :)
Extremely over priced!  Many hard to find items can be purchased at regular grocery stores these days. I kept getting sick from eating their soups only to find out that the bad produce that wasn't sold was given to the chef's along with the old meat to make the fresh soups everyday.
The crust was great the pizza was yummy and the salad was awesome.
They never get anything right and it smells like a pet store.  I would go into further detail but enough said.
The food is delicious and the salsa is one of my favorites around the Gilbert area.  I have not had a bad service experience at this Arribas, though I typically go during busy dining times.
I am officially on a Mexican food kick.  Gourmet G. says it all.  What I love about Arizona -- having authentic Mexican food.
Gross, plain and simple!  I'll crave some quick Chinese Food and then I'm always upset.  What a waste of money!
carts arealways a mess, store employees are rude or complaining all the time. i live very close and am very dissappointed in my neighborhood market:(:(
The Bun Bo Hue was okay.  This is a food court area.  Do not expect much for atmosphere.
Great flavour options...\nUnlimited Sundays... Woot!\nN64 anyone?
I think this place is overpriced for what you get. The servers were not that nice either. Not satisfied.
Do not bother coming to this Walmart today. Very slow cashiers and even slower customers. Only 3 lines open. This is crazy and rude customers. This women's cart was up my ass while I was trying to pay.
Stopped by this place last night and I was def impressed by the uniqueness and the great service. When you taste this little secret of Henderson, you will def be impressed. It's truly smooth and fresh tasting. I'm def a new fan. Thanks Mike!
The food was good, but you get very little for your money.  It is over priced and service was nonexistent.  You pay $3.00 for soda, no refill, better yet you cant even get more water.  Cant say I would go back.
All the employees here are horrible and whoever does the hiring needs to be fired. Never met customer service people so rude and bothered by the fact that you come to their job and purchase stuff. Hello the customer is the reason you have a job and paycheck you small minded humans.
Monday night ritual! Of all the self serve yogurt shops, Yogurtland has the best variety of flavors, and the best cookie dough ever! :)
Burger was bland and expensive. I got the Hell's Kitchen burger, which is really just a burger with tomatoes and avocado. I really was hoping for something special here but it did not impress at all. Everyone in my group thought the same, just bland. +1 for the onion rings, they were good.
Food was no good. There were lots of indian customers inside. Is it a sign of good Indian food? For our taste, not good at all. Couldn't even find a spicy dish! Find another place in LV!
The food is ok. Nice to have something like this in the flamingo... But the service is horrible. I've been here 4 times & every single time it's been awful. Once I even had to get a new waitress it was so bad. Save your money & your time & go somewhere else.
Absolutely love the encore, food and live jazz. They have the best green Chile pork I have ever had. I live their wood fired food. We also shared the French Bacon burger on fresh bread. The very best bloody Mary's ever. This place just feels right. An absolute must when we are on town.
Great smoked meat, environment is not bad and serving was so so
Burritos were ok, Tex Mex with American Flavors. Its OK for lunch
Tasty burger, the bread is def a big plus point, a bit crispy outside. High quality meat and amazing sauce. Recommend order onion rings and eat the burger with a bit of their truffle sauce.
Just like any other Starbucks, great drinks and great atmosphere. But the staff is excellent here. Cathy and Alexa were so helpful and went out of their way to give us great service. Refreshing smiles, even during the slow hours!
Great food! I loved the Tangerine Chicken! :)
Check out The UPS Store at the 215 & Aliante Parkway.
Another store in the sea of souvenir and tourist trap stores on the strip. This place does have cute souvenirs though they seem overpriced. T-shirts and towels for $20 each is a little steep given the free advertising I would be doing for you.
Not a big fan of best buy. They are over priced and staff is not helpful. I am surprised that they are still in business. I would shop amazon, frays, etc before I went here. I've had friends have bad stories with them not sticking to their warranties.
Friendly staff.  I was a walk in, waited a bit for a spa pedicure but who can complain sitting in a massage chair.  Vanessa did a cute french pedicure w a requested flower.  It was relaxing and a nice environment.  The staff was always asking if I was comfortable and even provided water. Will be back.
Eff this place. \nWorst. nails. ever.\n\nSloppy and over priced. \n\nPs- the 10% percent off sign they fly 12 months a year is a big ol' sham.
I've only eaten the buffet here and it was good but nothing special.  To be fair, most Indian buffets are pretty similar, it's only when you order from the menu that you see if the restaurant is really a stand-out.  So, I will update this review when I've gone there for dinner
If you like flies in your beer you will love it here.
The place I go when I'm craving a bean and cheese burro.  Nothing more, nothing less.  Good stuff!
Excellent service on Friday, October 24. I had to send packages back to Chicago. The clerk,  Anthony, was extremely helpful, professional and did a great job of taping up three individual packages. I will definitely use this store again if needed.
This is a great location to base your trip to Montreal.  Rooms are small but clean and good value for price and the croissants at breakfast are heavenly!  Be warned the showers is very tiny.  Would definitely stay there again.
Room was ok...nothing special. Staff was nice. Parking garage was very spooky! Pools were not impressive to me. There is an adult store right across the street....weird & creepy. Very convenient location but I won't stay here again.
First time i tasted seafood burger,it was excellent, i enjoyed very much i will definitively go again.
The listed phone number has been disconnected and is no longer in service.
One of my favorite lunch spots in Vegas!
It's just OK. Size of tacos is small and meat inside almost non-existent.  You end up eating lettuce. Way over priced.
Food was good, but took a very long time to get our order (45 minutes). Entertainment was lacking, but it was still early in the night. FYI - they can only accept up to 8 credit cards per table, so keep this in mind if you have a large party.
The worst! If I could rate a zero I would. This gym is always dirty, and equipment is either broken or outdated. Avoid this location.
This is the best Chinese in campus-town.  Some dishes are not as good as others (such as eggplant and spinach).  I recommend the crispy tofu.
This place is the best.\nThey have the best quiches, croissants etc \nEverything is delicious.\nGreat friendly service.\nAnd it is not overpriced like many places of lesser quality.
Lousy food, cold onion rings small oysters, slow service for $16 burgers. I think NOT
Honestly, I haven't had a dinner like this since I lived in San Francisco. Unique but exquisite cuisine! I had the goat cheese crepes, which were as amazing as they sound. Although it can be hard to find in the shopping center, this restaurant is truly a hidden gem in Chandler. It's a must go!
Many of the descriptions and summaries on the yelp website are misinforming guests. It offers no delivery and the online ordering system does not work. It may not be the restaurants fault, but I am tired of the wrong information on the website.
Food was great. However The servers appeared very unhappy. Service was satisfactory but certainly wasn't service with a smile. Also was waiting for the Crazy Otto train to have the chance for a free meal but no deal. Probably won't be back again.
Kind of a dive but great value and decent breakfast. I had an omelette which was basic but what I expected. Next time I'll try the steak and eggs.\nIt's walking distance from the Bally and Westin.
Even in  late night the place is full.\n\nThere is too many people endless place to work out.\n\nthey have To make this place bigger.
Very greasy and food tastes like it was not fresh and prepared and frozen.  Bbq meat tasted old.
It's not fancy Asian food. But it taste great. I compare other Thai / Asian food to this place. Never had a bad experience or incorrect order.
Was treated very Rude by the female manager , my daughter was even upset about how she was to me. Christie has also been rude at another location to me. I do not know her. Makes it not worth it!
used to go there all the time till I seen them on dirty dining(google KVNV dirty dining) and you will see, and what is worse my family and I ate there the day the pics were taking, never eat there again.
I can't believe the nasty and ghetto things occurring at this store.  Wear gloves!! I wouldn't recommend you walk away from this micky D's
Best burger in town.  Smash fries are delicious.  Have never been disappointed with quality or service.  #smashingisbetter
I usually am not a picky eater and I love love love Chinese food. When we stayed in this hotel we ate here and it was awful. Everything tasted old and gross. The noodles were watery.
I showed her a picture of the haircut I had had before, but she ended up cutting it way too short. I kind of felt like I was being rushed out of there as she was cutting my hair. She was super nice, but I think I'll go somewhere else next time for the correct haircut....
I visited Vegas during Christmas. I found this place in Chinatown. I love their Special House Milk Tea with boba and aloe vera jelly :3 the service was ok, notthing to complain about. Definitely come back when I come back Vegas :3
Just like Corinne indicated (11/13/08 review), the steaks are way too overcooked.  I ordered a filet, medium rare, and 2/3 of my steak was too tough to eat!  The only consolation was they had decent wine...
Great price, fast and friendly service! Was done in about 10 mins. Can't ask for more than that!
Not the best Korean food I had. Its not as authentic as other places,\nand their recepies are interesting.\n\nDo NOT order Japanese food here.\nOwned and operated by Koreans. It tastes different.
Just got back from my first visit to Karma Salon and I am very impressed. Great hair cut and style. VERY reasonable prices. Will definitely go back.
Jaime is the best! He is so personable and professional. He gave me a couple different estimates based on what type of work I personally needed. In the end, I got a great price and my car looked great. Would definitely recommend this place to others.
In a world of average pizza this one fits the bill.\n\nI ordered a large white pizza with pepperoni.  It was meh
the best long island tea
Ok bar with hipster bartenders and excessively loud live music.  Kind of nice to sit outside and enjoy a cocktail while people watching.  Apparently there are no bathrooms here which is ridiculous.
Stopped by this place as I was headed home and yelped it. Great reviews, so I went ahead and used the coupon. Alex was a super nice guy and very professional. Had me done in a few minutes. will definitely come back next year. Check them out!
Really good food.  Service lacking, but food made up for it this time.  We will return.
Dawn is the best.
Kobe Burger sucked, was over cooked water past well done. Dry and no flavor, ask for mayo to choke it down. 2 stars because my server was so nice. I would have paid for the meal but she took it off the bill. Cheesecake Factory is a high priced Applebees.
I stumbled across this place because I was hungry and it was late and I happened to be near it at the time. I had the salmon and it was good. I plan on trying it again at some point the next time I'm in Madison.
burnt dry chicken, way over cooked prime ribs. Very unacceptable. Price was higher than it was worth. There was no effort put into this food. It was rushed, fast food style. burnt.
I found her for my mom who lives in Las Vegas thru \"yelp\".  My mom was not happy with her - she should of posted her parameters of service with her pricing and not charge more when she walked into the session :(
Very nice place.  Fine food.  Great service.  Try the mussels appetizer and the scallops entree.  This restaurant tries their best to locally source organic food, so it's beyond simply being fresh.    I don't live in the area, but if I did I would make this a regular place.  Go there.
Terrible, terrible! All the food tasted the same. Huge disappointment after so many nice meals at this hotel. Yelpers skip the buffet and save yourself the wait in line
Had dinner here on a Monday night.  Service was fairly slow but friendly.  Fried oysters were not cooked enough and sent back and then came back burnt.   The kicker was asking for water and having it poured in my empty soda glass.  Probably will not be back here.
THE best cheesesteaks, freshest buns, there is nothing bad here!!
Good service, actual Irish people! And I have to say, I loved the physical bar here--absurdly ornate, reminds me of Bourbon Street in the Theatre District...
The ckn was very tasty and fresh. Great value for $17 whole ckn with 2 large sides. Large space with friendly service.
I was happy with this little place ,we had lunch a burger sandwich and sourdough coated onion rings.My wife had a coke float served with pepsi it was massive (tortelloni size) they give you 2 glasses it,s so big!Nice change of pace a diner in a casino
I love this place!  The food was delicious and well prepared.  I tried the scallops and my husband had the filet.  I only wish that the scallops were bigger.  But I guess they are large for this market.  I am just a spoiled CA girl at heart.
Not so sure what the fuss was about but I was asked to go pick up something here and really got BLAH service from the young man who really could not answer my questions. I did not eat the stuff but the person I picked it up for was disappointed that it was frozen - not fresh and dry.
Everytime i come here there is problem with the food and the attitudes with every worker here. I mean seriously its the closest to my house but not even worth the trouble. I mean really.
Pretentious, horrible customer service and mediocre haircut....don't bother.
Pamela did my hair color and cut. It cost close to a trillion dollars. My husband just told me my hair has never looked more beautiful....priceless
Got a deal for $59/night for the weekend this past January. It was definitely worth it! The room was nice, everything worked. Rok was kind of small and bouncers were kind of snooty. Casino was cool. Dealers were helpful during lessons.
Great sandwiches (meat loaf is best) and pizzas.  Decent Draft list. Probably your best food option in south oakland. You experience will vary depending how jammed it is.
Breakfast burrito and waffle were good but when the name of the restaurant is \"pig\" and they serve RAW bacon and call it crispy that is not a good sign.
Terrible experience. Sales can't hold an appointment. Ended up walking around the entire dealership looking for help... terrible.  Did not have vehicle on site as promised of course. The sales rep took us to a back lot and forgot the keys.... horrible.  Go somewhere else!!
$40!!!  Three \u00e0 la cart enchiladas, one salad chips and a drink!!!!!  Enchilada cheese is not even close to melted. Staff is a bunch of young smart ass kids\n\nNever again!!!!
So far, this has been the best chinese restaurant I've eaten at in Vegas.  Luckily, we live walking distance from this place, we order from here for take-out often.  The prices are outstanding, and the sizes are very generous.
$1.00 for water?! Get it together... Not Starbucks fault... But planet Hollywood... Thanks for letting me know where NOT to come!
if you are an elvis fan you will love this show!!!! great performance and entertaining!! my hubby is not even an elvis fan and he said he really liked it!!
You have to try their espresso. Black. Or should I say caramel? Mmm...\n\nSavory crepes are interesting but not outstanding. Did I mention their espresso?
Fast service, large portions, tasty food. Try the spicy seafood soup, vegetable lo mein and mu-shu chicken.
This place is consistently wonderful. We had our rehearsal dinner here and it was incredibly well run.
The view is nice, but the food was cold and service was REALLY slow. Better off just getting foods from one of the stands. Was hoping for a fancy ballpark experience this was not it.
I have never had any issues with Four Star. I was very pleased with the professionalism and the way they handled the transition of ownership, the way they negotiate is unlike any I've ever seen, they are great!
We always go here before the theater.  Good food at a reasonable prices.  Service is excellent.  Friendly atmosphere, good location and on site parking.  The salmon and crab cakes are delicious.  A nice selection of dinners and sandwiches.  Food is prepared and presented well in a warm and cozy environment.  Highly recommend.  Chuck Thompson
Great customer service! A few days after I purchased some indoor plants I noticed some big holes in the leaves. I found 3 big caterpillars! Two of them had moved to plants that I already had in my home. I wont be buying any more plants from Star nursery!
Un peu sur\u00e9valu\u00e9. Cusine authentique mais avec certaines faiblesses.\n\nBon service
Bequeme Umgebung + guter Preis: idealer Treffpunkt f\u00fcr Studenten. Meine Lieblingsspeise bei Kippe ist SchniPo ^^
Personal service is severely lacking.  Must ask for change back. Pizza is flavorless. Garlic knots not fresh. Majority of glass cups are chipped.
The ultimate place for comfort food, especially when nursing a hangover or leaving Las Vegas. Off the beaten path but not inconveniently located far off the 15. Worth it.  Come here. Excellent service, very reasonable prices. Oh, and bring your jammies. Totally okay here.
Closed...time to take it off the website!
The best Philly I've ever had and I am not a huge red meat fan.  The sandwiches are huge my 2 teenage boys have a hard time finishing these so who cares if they're a bit pricey.\nDang now I'm craving one!
Always able to find more than I need at reasonable prices.
Dos gringos is not what it just to be.. A few years back there was always a good amount of people hanging out during the day. It just to be like being in Mexico without being in Mexico. Now it's just like any other place, it lost his charm. Or maybe I'm just older..
1st visit was okay.\n\n2nd time I tried the \"Spicy Hunan with Tofu\", and it was probably the best  chinese with the perfect spice ratio.\n\nYummy!
Do not go to this place. Not worth it
I don't why you would go there. DId see a few flamingos, ducks and koi. But I just don't see the point. It may take 10-15 minutes. There are too many things to do on the strip. I would avoid it.
It's Subway.... what do you want?
Yummy, quick lunch! This is our go-to local Chinese restaurant. It has been consistently good over the past 4-5 years we have been living here. We especially like their luncheon specials and to go dinners. We love their mu shu chicken/pork and their wonton soup.
Way overpriced. Just go to Grand Lux for a cheaper, tastier, larger burger. Enough said.\n\nI would equate the burgers at I heart burgers to the quality of five guys or smashburger, except I heart burgers cost like 3-4X the amount.
This was my first time to Olive Garden in quite some years and the food was good.  The salad and breadsticks have not changed, but there were some new additions on the menu thay are worth the try.  Waiter and manager came around frequently to check on service and see how things were going.  Overall a good value for what you pay for.
Ohh I think I frequent Punta Cana enough to be considered a regular. While the food might not be the best tasting latin I've had, it sure is hearty. With a variety of different lunch time meals at $7 you get your dollars worth and it sure beats a large #2 at Mickey Ds!
May be good - but must have more business than he can handle.\nCalled and left a message that the heater in my Phoenix house had quit.  Left phone number.  No response.
These are really great hotels and being a weekend we got a super rate. Love the way you can get food so after working and coming back late you can get something to eat without going to try and find a restaurant
I've been working out with Tony and Team 44 for almost 2 years. I can't even tell you the difference he and his programs have made on my life. I love the small classes, the accountability, and the support he and his team provides. I am forever spoiled by this fantastic fitness concept.
Bad bar food with a so-so atmosphere...  Decent happy hour prices for booze.
As good as advertised...  A complete whole in the wall in the middle of nowhere, but possibly the best Mexican Food in the PHX Surrounding market.\n\nPastor tacos all day long.
I stopped in to try this place and the Wings with the Voo Doo sauce and they were excellent and so was the Cole Slaw. I will be here again
STAY AWAY!  Had a horrible experince.  The staff is so rude and grumpy.  Not to mention I was told I had to have surgery when I didnt need it.  This is a \"do more, bill more\" clinic
I've been here quite a few times since they opened.  The pizza is a nice thin crust and flavorful.  The appetizers are excellent.  Prices are reasonable especially if you enjoy the lunch specials.  They have recently expanded to add further dining area which is also nice.
Food is good but the server/manager sucks. He was very rude when taking our orders. Called in for a pick up and went to go pick it up...it wasn't even made.
Service was so bad we had to beg them to take the check to pay.\n\nIf u want to learn how not to run your restaurant, take a seat here and order water. Itll take 30 minutes.
We've eaten here many times and definitely prefer it over the Samurai Sam's across the street. They are always so friendly and the food is fresh and yummy.
Huge variety, always well executed.  Good beers, good cheese curds, good price.
The staff was terrible.... the food was great? It's just really to bad the employees are so bad.....
What a shit hole. Wifi I can't log in to. Crappy elevators.  The walkway to the palms is live the green mile. Should be burned to the ground.
This place is too good. Best staff, food and drinks. Check out Letty's. \n\nI haven't had anything here that wasn't incredible. Letty's is a must.
Below average Chinese food. Chow mein was very greasy., sweet and sour pork was honestly just yucky. Their Mongolian beef was decent, but it's 5% beef with the rest being greens.\n\nOnly been here once and not going back.
5 stars for Sean! He is great eye candy when I shop here.
Well done! Had a delicious, full of flavor dinner and great customer service. We will be coming back
The sales people are really well trained and friendly.  They do a great job helping you to find the perfect fit of jeans.  The return policies are great - no hassle.  The quality of the jeans and shirts is great.  I would definetely recommend this place for a great pair of jeans!
Delicious!! The tuna tacos were yum and had a great kick to them. Loved the whole meal.
great diner with good veggie and vegan options.\noverall very nice staff, friendly, prompt\ngreat desserts!
This place has gone to crap. Food was below average  and  overpriced; no one working really seemed to care. With so many other choices on Bell Road why settle for dub-par food and service?
Really recommend it. Great ambiance, good service, might be a bit small but pack great food. You have to try the fish and chips, if go there to get a burger the first time you should be slapped.\n\nAlso good for deliveries if you live not to far. Was as delicious.
Not really a spot I'd chose, but in this strip of chain restaurants we were short on time and long on hunger. I'd give this 2 star in terms of food. \n\nOn the brighter side, service was great and parking is plentiful.
Love this place!!!!! this is my favorite location to visit. The staff is always very friendly and they're super quick. Store is so clean and food is just awesome. My stomach is now complete. I live so close so it's convenient. But I'd drive past other sandwich shops, just to grub here.
So glad your back for dinner!! Went there last night which was their second night since reopening. The food and service were stellar. The entire staff is warm and welcoming. Like the updated look.
Two words...  Tourist trap!   high price and food is mediocre.  Snap a pic of the gold fishes and move on.  :(
We had brunch here  Saturday morning.  The selection was not so great, but my ham & cheese omelette was pretty good.  I'd like to give it another try, next time for dinner.  Hopefully, it will will up to all the rave reviews it has received on here.
I stopped in on my lunch break.  The BBQ isn't bad for a fast food type of place.  I had the brisket on this particular visit.  The BBQ sauces weren't the best I've had.  If you are in the area and looking for BBQ, I recommend Pork on a Fork.
Visited this place months ago.  Loved the stuffed shells.  Patio all lit up at night was a romantic touch.
I was sitting on dirty table and the burger didn't taste like real meat, the salad was not worth the high price.
was upgraded upon arrival.... super cool room with treadmill and giant tub.... on 44th floor... amazing views... great hotel!! love it
Good burgers, zucchini and root beer floats.  I hit up the drive thru and grabbed some food and for the place looking like a bit of a dump i was pretty impressed with the food.  I will definitely go back and try some other stuff!
Not sure what all the excitement is about here ... just a bunch of M&M branded junk.  Walked in and walked right back out.  LOL.
Great place!  I have been coming here after morning runs for years.  Coffee is always fresh, and they usually have a wonderful assortment of baked goods if you need something sweet.  The crowd is always friendly, and the service is stellar.
Great place to hike with plenty of trails to choose from. My favorite is the sunrise trail or Tom's Thumb.
The food is delicious, the service is good. It has a good vibe! I've had their Lasagna and the Gnocchi. Cant go wrong in this restaurant!!
Love this place. The burgers are tasty & they're sliders so you can try a couple different ones. I had the buffalo chicken & the BBQ burger. Very good. The fries were nice & crispy. Trendy decor. Definitely worth another trip :)
Best Cyclone Bootcamp in the valley !!\nI love this studio has so much to offer & best teachers,!
Food is excellent and is connected to one of the best clubs in Vegas! They do delivery there as well so there is no need to leave the spot! My favorites are any of the dishes that involve the porks and steaks!
I read some positive reviews so I thought if try this place. Arrived at 4:30 to find them closed. Although posted hours are 9-5. Less than stellar first impression.
After visiting LV for 5 times, I finally tried out the buffet. The food is generic, environment is less luxury. Like wicked spoon a little bit more. Haven't tried Ceases place buffet this year, but they were really good for last years' new year Eve dinner. Service is not bad.
We had a craving and wound up here. The food was pretty good. I enjoyed my burger. But I did not like that my burger was close to $11 and didn't come with a side or that my $8 mixed drink was mostly juice.
So. Delicious. Great food, fast and friendly service. Truly as good as it gets!
Newly remodeled with taller aisles and more stuff! Huge aisles of Halloween decorations!
The worst service. The people who work here are unhappy and unwilling to work with the customer. I had an 11AM appointment twice now, both times I showed up and was told they are backed up and it will take 2 hours for an oil change. What's the point of an appointment??
Not really worth your time. They are not very experieced. They take customers for granted. They did not really fix my problem. Look them up on other review sites, you'll see the grand majority of people are displeased. \n\nsave yourself some money and go somewhere else...
IHOP is probably the closest 24-hour restaurant in campustown other than Perkin's which is on Springfield. The selections are pretty standard and the portions are huge. The service is good but not great. Well, it's IHOP, so I wouldn't expect anything more than average.
sushi was AMAZING. best sushi I've ever head. service as on point, they were there when we needed stuff and went out of their way to find us a bottle that they thought they were out of! I highly recommend this place to everyone!
We went to live to eat taco and I got the cashier service bues these ali does not want to take water from natural and has a bad attitude bad
I like the care provided, but I don't like the difficulty of getting appointments and the fact that Sat.'s are reserved only for urgent care issues and that well checks cannot be done on Sat. even if seeing a nurse practitioner and not an actual MD.
Craving some East Coast crab in Las Vegas and came across this place. Thumbs up! They really have little neck clams too.
We will stay here again when we come through.  They were professional and friendly, it was clean and comfortable.  Great place to lay your head for a night.
I had the curry chicken. It wasn't as spicy as I would have expected and the portion was a little small. Great environment.
The fajita special for 2 was a great value.  Margaritas are tasty, but the fajitas were somewhat bland. Dessert was fried banana or ice cream which were both very good
Jeannie is fantastic and ever since my first gel manicure with her over a year ago I've gone back every three weeks like clock work... even when I was out of work! Because she's so good!
The boba is really bad. They dont use real fruits, instead, they use the powder which makes the boba too sweet. And it is artificial flavor.
Luggage took FOREVER to get.  Must have been standing there for at least 30 minutes.  Doh!
Truly the best Pho in the valley, Been coming here 10 years. I also love the beef stew...
Ehh
Absolutely one of the best sushi restaurants that I've experienced in Las Vegas. Great location, amazing sushi, and great prices.
The staff is impeccable with superb customer service!  My favorite Starbucks by far.
Was in town visiting a Friend & he suggested we eat here.  The food was great, very clean and the waiter was super nice and on top of everything.  Not once did we have to keep our eye out for him to come around to ask for anything, nor did our cups ever run dry.  The food was delicious and very authentic.
The food is great for a night after partying (or not). They have this chocolate cake...it is to DIE for! YUM!
Wife was sick and wanted some soup. We had the cheese and broccoli and it was great. A lot cheaper than Paradise and just as good.
Would give 0 if i could- wait staff was good but first night in vegas we went there - we both got burgers , mine was a pineapple something & I got food poisoning. Miserable start to the vac- your luck might be better but I won't be trying mine there again.
People that rate this place high are cheap! It's a $8 steak with slow service to say the least! I only went off a friends recommendation! Bottom line you get what you pay for!!
Do Not eat here!!!! Unless you want to get rip off!!! They charge me $9.95 for a side order of bean sprout. Should be around $2. I will never come back here!!!
I liked the show but I really wish Claire Sinclair was in the show more than 10 minutes. It was fairly priced for the quality of the show.
This place is ok...a bit pricey. The service was good. Not sure if we will be back.
very expensive better seafood at Harris Teeter very small selection
Don't know what's up with all bad reviews. Maybe I came at the wrong time. When I stopped by for lunch, I was the only customer. The food was good and the service great.
This place is fantastic. Found it on Yelp and was so happy that I did. Their sandwiches are outstanding! The whole place has a very hip vibe to it that you do not find in surprise, and I really, really, hope that they open another location in Palm Valley. Family run restaurant, great food, great service, must try.
We had a nice breakfast here. Everything was well done and the market was going on outside. Happy to have it in the neighborhood. Excited to come back for happy hour.
I'd try another spot, paid too much for bad tattoos. Jess really scarred me up.  Had to get them touched up a couple times.
We've been to this place a few times in the past, always heartily satisfied with our favorite Vietnamese dishes, but were still amazed with how they've expanded their menu  that's probably drawing this large late, Sunday night crowd. Lobster with black pepper beckons!  As always service was great.
Tasty!  Great thin crust pizza, love the bruschetta.  The sauce has a touch of sweetness which I really like and the servers are always good.  Sometimes there is a wait but it is worth it!
The best! love them all! :)
This location is ok if you don't mind seeing the manager sitting in the middle of the dining area on her computer and PLUCKING THE HAIR FROM HER CHIN.  WT.
Worst tortilla soup I've ever had... but two stars for the free chips and salsa.
This place would get five stars if I were 21 and drunk at 2:30am on a Saturday night.  Unfortunately for OG neither point factors into this review. \n\nThe food would repulse a real Greek person.  The fries were a saving grace.
What a screw... 2 dollars corona on the website but when you go to the bar they charge you 7 bucks and don't even mention that you have to go to the bowling lady and join the text club to get the deal so your f!'::!!!! For the first one.
The hotel is not worth the money. The beds are hard and the staff were rude. They were the king of charging for everything \n\nThe casino was good the cocktail waitresses were on it. While I was playing the slots they were bringing drinks way more frequently than other casinos.
Great Happy Hour!!!! Food was decent. --- need to eat before to many drinks so I will review again.
Great food.  Great service.  Great people.  Great Value.\nBest sausage, peppers and onions around!
This would be the the kind of place I would normally like and, therefore, I have tried it several times.  The service was good and the people were friendly, but I found the vegetables to have an odd chemical taste to them.  Maybe it's just my taste buds, but the other reviewers seem to like it.
I had the chicken enchiladas with green chili sauce. Moist, flavorful, spicy, and delicious. Reasonable prices and actually spicy salsa with our free chips. Basic, casual atmosphere (which I prefer). Friendly staff. I definitely recommend this place.
Had the honor of the omakasi by Chef, plate after plate it just got better. The menu was not overwhelming it was just enough, vibe is young and hip, bar has a great space, sake selection was top of the line.\n\nHoping for more Korean influenced dishes to come out.
I had a nice time celebrating at the club. My only issue it that the well drinks are very strong with cheap liquor. If you use less liquor you can afford to buy a better grade of liquor.
Price is right,$19.95,and altho not busy,quick with friendly service.Will be back.
5 stars all the way!!! I love this bar!! The beers are amazing, every single one of them! The food is on point as well!!! Highly recommend Four Peaks! It is Also a great place to go with a big group of people!! Cool atmosphere! thumbs up!
I love this market everything is cheap, I can get all my homeland cooking stuff, the have fresh fish, marinated meats, Korean food court which has awesome selection food and open late!
Best tattoo place in town the staff is awesome. All of their art work is amazing.  You feel more like a friend then you do a customer awesome vibe. I won't get a tattoo anywhere else!
perfection
The wifi here is horrible it's super slow.  And during my visit the soda was flat perhaps and hopefully this is not always the case. \n\nBut that wifi sucks the only good thing is its free\nBut dam I pay some money to use it just for better speed!
Avoid this at all costs. \n\nHow do you screw up nachos?  We were going to go here for dinner, but wound up killing our first drink and going elsewhere.  \n\nHorrible, horrible place.  The only thing worse than the food was the service.  And that's saying something.
This jet cab service is fast and the price is fair. We always call them whenever we need a cab and it's always on time.i definitely recommend this out of any cab service in C-U!
came in here and sat at the bar only because they had open spots during panthers playoff weekend.   Never thought i would be doing panther shots in a deli.  But it served its purpose.  We didnt eat but bartenders were nice enough.  Drinks are a little pricey for plastic cups.
The burritos are decently sized for the price. It's about as good of tex-mex as one will find in Waterloo...
Little disappointment. Not an ideal restaurant on street like St Paul in Old Montreal... Overpriced as compared to what portions they serve and how their food tastes like. Don't get scammed by their upscale website and prime location.
Best place to get a reasonably-priced meal with the freshest ingredients. The place is always clean and the staff very friendly and helpful.
Kids had a blast!! Wish there was just one more basketball area. Awesome fun and exercize.
De lo mas peor el servicio de una cajer q esta en articulos de 10 q feo respeto asi los clientes wooo 9:35pm 07/02/14 no la debeian tener ahi
Party hardy, rock and roll... Love this spot, good junk status bar food and STRONG DRINKS!
Love, Love, Love this place.  Always consistent.  Happy hour is a Steal!!! This place has always been in my top five!!
They don't honor coupons from \"Coupon Clipper\" app.  They require the coupon to be printed. Not cool. I won't be back.
It is a very nice hotel.  They have one of the smallest casino area so if your looking for more you can go next door to the Venetian or Cosmopolitan is good.\n\nLots of food restaurants but very pricey.  I stayed in the Bella Suite and it is huge.  Lighting could be better.
Very friendly and fast for how busy it was. Mostly happy with my nails. One nail is a little crooked but I'm sure she would have fixed it if I had noticed it while there.
Yelp warned us but we didn't listen.\n\nOverpriced crepes that were mediocre at best. No one in my group was impressed. I tried 3 different types and none of them were that great. This was the only disappointing meal during our visit to Montreal.
Just an addendum... Keisha is the best server ever! She had the chef bring us some bonus scallops with risotto. Great service,  wonderful food.
So the owner/management has changed so not my first place to drive a long distance to!
Terrible, terrible, nasty food. Very few selections and poor quality food. The only good part of this restaurant was that we had good service from our waiter.
It would get five stars if it had a larger drink selection and better prices. But, the view is unreal and it is a must stop if you are in Vegas. The best view in Vegas!
Really good track. It was in fantastic shape. 3:20 round. The place was empty. Call day before and u should be able to make a deal for a better green fee
the cheesecake was good.. and so was the fruit tart.\n\nthey were rude and stared at us with impatient eyes, but the treats were pretty good.
They offer VERY generous 2 and 5 oz. glasses of wine from around the world. Due to their unique preservation system they are able to offer highly sought-after wines not usually poured by the glass. Great spot.
We like this place. From now on we will keep going to this moviehouse since it has a nice parking space for disabled. Lots of shade and pushing someone in a wheelchair is much easier. Shades, Shades all over the place and we loved it,
Anti-pasta salad was delivered with out dressing.  If you going to play in the delivery world, it has to be perfect every time.  The appetizers that I ordered my kids were mediocre.
Wow. Bad.  Didn't even stay and order.  So excited for them to open and so totally disappointed in the interior and the menu. Ugh.  Hey people, this is North Scottsdale, not a college campus.
Stopped by this morning looking for somewhere to watch Brazil v. Chile and we were very pleasantly surprised.   Never been to a TK location before so didn't know what to expect but the breakfast was REALLY good, priced well and we had good service.  Will definitely be back when I am in the area.
Pass....
Dirty, low ceilings but decent. \n$10 pai gow. \nAs low as $3 craps, the electronic one in the front, where if you sit on the left side of the table you get a pretty nice view of the dancing ladies.  Otherwise it's as low as $5 craps on the other tables.
This show is an artistic masterpiece. It captures the true essence of the Beatles.  I am an avid theater goer and this show stands up to the best.
Corner pub has more of a local bar type feel to it.  It's a good change of pace.  A good place to hang with frienfs
Just say no. I felt like I was at an amusement park. Like the location though.
Over priced and there is actually better out there.  Plus on a weekend you could wait up to 2-3 hours for a pizza. I got better things to do with my time.
I like the location but the food leaves much to be desired. The food was bland and the service was mediocre. I would urge you to spare yourself the disappointment.
Food is delicious but they take for ever to bring the food. We been waiting for 1hr.
This place sucks. Food was average and we had to wait an hour even though we had a reservation. My americano tasted like warm soy sauce and they blamed it on the RO system. The owner made all sorts of excuses and took a whopping $50 off our $1100 bill. We won't be back!
Loved the vet!  He was very nice and thorough and explained and showed me exactly what was wrong with my dog.  Which is not easy since i have a 160 pound cry baby Newfoundland.  Who had a VERY bad ear infection.  All cleared up and now i have drops for when he swims!
Great products and staff. Everyone was very helpful and knowledgeable about their adult toys. They have some of the coolest, most innovated and best products on the market. Some of the toys I had never seen before. We went in just to browse and ended up with a bag full of goodies.
I went there because I had a lower back pain the masseuse was great but there was a Russian woman who wouldn't stop talking about their membership and it was annoying. After I told her several times I would think about it she kept pushing it, so instead of leaving the place relaxed I actually really mad!
This school has been an amazing part of my daughters development!!!! We thank Roy, Kathy and the rest of the staff of CCM for all that you have done for us and Alessandra! I would hands down recommend this school to anyone!
Delicious and cold.  The fruit toppings are extremely fresh: the blackberries sparkle like gemstones.  The downside is that they don't rotate the flavors as frequently as I'd like.
Food was pretty good (had a very good steak), service was just average, but the noise level was far too loud. The music was at a level that encouraged strained conversation, which makes for a less than relaxing evening. I don't plan to return soon--too many better options for the money.
Fast, polite, and painless. And they didn't try too up sell me a ton, which most places do. I will definitely be returning!!
So happy Stingray is here in Ahwatukee.  The place looks great and the service is excellent.  Everything is great from the Miso Soup to the Godzilla roll.  Definitely recommend.
Went there once.  It's now closed or they relocated.  Not sure.  Too bad!
This place is decent however lacks cleanliness which is concern for me when I want to dine in. Food is good I had their teriyaki rice bowl and their ultimate meat bowl which was also pretty good.  I think Yogis on Camelback j's the best rice bowl place in the valley though.
Horrible service. Everytime I come I'm never greeted and I have to seek someone for help even to pay for items. Always more than 1 employee standing around yet they still don't offer to help.
Been here a number of times before and have never been overly pleased with how the inside of my car was cleaned and frankly it appeared that they had almost passed over cleaning the inside all together. Yet, I went back again today and my car looks fabulous inside and out! Hope they can keep up the good work and consistently clean my car each time.
Very good food. No need to say more!! Service is excellent and the food again is very good! No negative remarks over here.
Stumbled on this place while sight seeing on a long lay over in Phoenix. The food was moderately priced and service was quick. The waiter was pleasant. For being downtown the place was very quiet. In fact, the whole of downtown was quiet.
amazing! though the service is kind of slow, it's worth the wait.  Wish they'd open one in Denver, CO!
their tapioca on the UBE shake is old, the tapioca is hard. Bangus tasted good tho.
Shannel, the service writer always notified me through my repair on my 2007 Harley xl883c and had their service technician take care of it.  She notified me that my motorcycle has a recall and she had them take care of that for free.
This place is so fake it's sickening- the server Cindy is phony. Jose is a dick - and the owner- couldn't make the time to take my credit card. The salad dressing was tasteless and the Osso Bucco was just okay.
I have been here twice and the pastries were amazing - My mouth is always happy when I go here...His chocolate creations are orgasmic... If your looking for something sweet and don't mind spending a few dollars this is the perfect treat
Yummy creole style dishes. However, I was bummed that they served only the crab meat instead of a few crab legs on the starter platter. Perfect for two, would not bring a crowd because you will never be seated. Can't wait to try more.
They get one star for friendly service and the cold beer. As for the food... My burrito wasn't fresh and the grits were a big let down, soupy, too much cream and no texture, obviously old. The shop itself is cool with a good atmosphere.
Awesome food.Great Service. This place you pay to play in this sandbox. Worth every penny!
Very poor service! Waited 20mins just for a spoon to stir of coffee even begged for a straw. After 30 mins without food we checked out. The hostess told us to have a nice day!! No apology nothing just see ya
Average pastries coupled with the poor service makes this place worth skipping.  They could also improve on their efficiency.  Really poor way of doing business.   If you're a fan it's worth going ONCE.
Food is good. Ordered the filet mignon plate and it is ok. A little dry and burnt, but flavorful. Hummus is good too. Wraps look delicious. Overall It's okay.
Ekmark thrives on HOA contention, fanning the flames, never properly advising -using discord as an opportunity to charge huge bills\nBeware!
The best hummus I've ever had! Staff/management was truly awesome. You can really tell that the owners/staff take pride in this place. I had Greek salad and falafel hummus. Was more than enough for 2-3 sittings. I'll be back for sure!
Was referred by a family member a few years ago and they have never disappointed. Allen has always gotten my holiday framing projects done on schedule and at the highest quality. They've even coached me through sizing and canvas issues when I've enlarged photos all of which have turned out great. Take a look for yourself...
I love this place for dancing; the music on Sat for Doom Disco is spot on!  The attitude is refreshing, a live and let live bunch of folks... It's a little hard to find if you haven't been there/ look for a lit up red sign in the window/ have fun and dance your ass off!
I have found that this little taco shop has the best fish tacos and burritos in the area. Would recommend for those who enjoy tacos and breakfast burritos!
Have never had a problem with this location till today.  We got our food and right away first bite we knew it was off.  Not the same!  Well now both of us are up sick it's 1am!  Never going again!
Exactly like any other phony British gastropub but with a lot more attitude from the self-absorbed bar staff and a lot less choices at the raw bar. Not my cup of tea.
We stopped for breakfast this morning. Everything was ok, but not wonderful. The cashier wasn't listening & failed to give us our pastries. My husbands mocha was more like hot chocolate & my was just ok. My muffin was a bit on the stale side.
Food is ok typical chain type food.  Servers and bar tenders were good.  We went here like everyday, because it was next to our hotel.  \n\nLots of beers to choose from.  The beers were better than the food.
my meal was so poor.   I can't remember ever when I couldn't find lettuce in a Ni\u00e7oise salad.  I asked for medium grilled tuna which they ignored.  The salad sure felt like it was pre-prepared and still in the refrigerator long before it came to my table.
The food is pretty good, but the service isn't fantastic. Took a long time to get anything when we were even noticed in the first place. Definitely good for a late night snack though.
The Hero Factory is 2 minutes from my office, good for my foodie obsession, bad for my waisteline.  This place has absolutely one of the biggest heros I've had.  $10 will get you a hero and a drink.  A little pricey but I can never eat the whole thing and that means lunch the next day too.
SHUT DOWN as of 3/31/2014 by Southern Nevada Health District for having 46 outstanding demerits. I will most likely never eat there again.
I've been using the place for 4 years.... staff is friendly and helpful. I have not had any problems with them.
After being at 40 different bars I can all ways count on Shannon to keep my beer cold. With a new glass every 5min she the best if you want your beer cold.
So horribly misplaced in this classic casino.  I so hope the new owners make efforts to rip it out and reorganize this whole (large) section of the casino.
Despite the fact that I eat here frequently-purely because of convenience and lack of a better option-the bagels are mediocre, the service is slow, and the coffee is the worst you've ever tasted. Squirrel Hill, we can do better!
I love this place! The pastries are amazing the coffee is amazing. Very relaxing and cozy. Great service too. ;)
Delicious cheeseburgers and excellent fries. What else can be said? Five stars all the way.
Sumo Sushi declined to use my Restaurant.com coupon stating that all you can eat is a promotion and therefore does not qualify. I printed the coupon that same day and there was no mention of not being able to use it for all you can eat. The owner should honor these obligations and has chosen not too.
This place is horrible. Drinks are good but few things they forgot..that he remote control and blow dryer does not work, the mirrors in the bathroom are moldy, security are douche bags and charged us with things we didn't use!!!
The hostess was very rude and she made it seem like it was an inconvinence to seat us when there was less then half the tables were full. Service was slow, we waited over an hour to get our food and it was sub par. The waitress seemed tired and didnt really want to be around people that night.
bricks of gold, all flavors are good!
Very nice! Very professional! Dr Christensen's work is the best I've had. Recommend to everyone. I drive from the other side of town to see him.  Staff is great!
1st Glass Window Cleaners were great. Justin and his wife showed up on time, were very reasonably priced, did a great job on my windows and even cleaned my mirrors as a bonus. They were both so nice so I will definitely use this company again. I would recommend this company to anyone needing their windows cleaned.
Setting right next to a kosher bakery you gotta try the deli next door!  Super Ruben and nice people!  Toss-up whether its better then Chompies but nonetheless it holds its own in a niche market in Phoenix!  Give it a try.
Very small side portions.  I ordered Fish and Chips, which in this cafe is pricey. \nThe fries were the frozen skinny type, yuk.  The portion of Cole Slaw was a joke. It came in a very tiny cup. I got 2 small bites. The fish was ok.
I have tried to over look the filth over and over again but I can't anymore! The floor, machines, walls, tables, chairs, bathrooms everything is disgusting!
The shirts I ordered were perfect. The process of ordering, designing and paying were simple. The representative was very helpful in designing and his recommendations were perfect. If I were to order another set of shirts, I would definitely come here.
One of the best places on Mill Avenue.  Sophisticated food using local ingredients.  From the bread to the dessert, you will not be disappointed.  It's a good place for a business lunch or a romantic dinner.  The specials are worth trying no matter they are.
A bit out of town...\nNot pedestrian friendly...\nA big box jungle.
I'm a big Chill fan.  It's got delicious gelato with some options for sugar free and other special diet needs, fresh fruit, and everything you need.  Yummy.  Fun and friendly customer service.  Wishin you luck in this newer location, dudes!  I'll be back and so will my friends, again and again!
I received an email FINALLY from the asking for my contact information a couple weeks ago...I sent it and have yet to receive a response. So ridiculous.
Terrible haircut. She took only about 10 minutes to cut my hair and it looked uneven. I then told her and she said that's just the way my hair was. Now I have to go back to get it fixed. I would never pay any amount to get my hair cut there again.
banging asian food that is healthy, tasty  sans MSG.\n\nThey make some really unique sauces with their dishes I highly recommend
We ate at Cafe 99 on Sunday afternoon for lunch. The food was great and the service was amazing. The kids all said \"This place is AWESOME!\" Can't wait to try it again. Yummy
Amazing sushi. The place is pretty small but has a great ambiance about it. Reasonably priced sushi an it is presented very well. Will definitely come back anytime I am in Madison!
Food was great as always at OK, but service was pretty bad. Slow to take order, food took nearly 30 minutes with a slim crowd. Never checked back to see how things were or if we needed anything else (we  did). Not bad enough to keep from coming back, just a tad disappointing..
I stopped in for my first time today.  The breakfast burrito was fantastic!  I'll be back very soon.  Very kind staff and Adriana was very attentive.  Comfortable and a nice vibe------5 stars.....
Gotta try the Soda's. I had a great black raspberry soda with Dutch chocolate ice cream. Really an OMG Experience!
This place was not our destination, but found us and welcomed us with a great happy hour. Great manager, excellent server and great food and drink. A pleasant experience. This is my first review of anyplace on Yelp, so I guess that says something. I will be back
zzZZzzz thats all I have to say.
Rolls were okay.\n\nHamachi okay.\n\nSeabass was overcooked for my taste. but okay.\n\nshould've went to nobu...
Fast delivery. 1 start for that.  But otherwise....seriously pittsburgh yelpers?!?!?! You have guided me to yet another disappointing meal.  This is NOT good pizza. If you want something fast, go for it. If you want some pizza, don't.
Cheap drinks! I sort of miss the pre artsy atmosphere of a mixture of blue collared workers, hobos, prostitutes and the like but even with the hipster make over its still a great pregame stop for those not too \"high society\"
Better menu for dinner!
This place just isn't for me. The menu stinks, the food is below par and its just so commercialized. \n\nI really used to like Chilis, but they have lost their charm and they change their menu too much.
There prices are great but their service is horrible! I use to come here all the time and just deal with the rude customer service until when I paid my check the lady dare to say to me, \"No tip?\" even when I tipped them.  They don't even deserve a tip because their customer service is so horrible.
This Applebee's is so crowd I hate going there. The wait is alway ridiculous. Which I don't really understand why. The food is bland and cold unless you get a skillet steak. The happy hour is okay bit even then it still classified as bar food at best. My recommendation is find another place.
Yummy.  Good service.  Open late.  Potstickers are cheap and very good.
I had my first spray tan with Bethany! She's so great at what she does and the place is awesome. I have had so many compliments about my tan that I can't wait to do it again. She made me a natural golden dark, not orange. Love Bronzmo!
We came here because all of the other restaurants were busy.  Had no problem getting a seat here.  Should've realized that was a bad sign. Awkward seating, literally has the ambience of a sports stadium, if you're into that sort of thing.  Food was pretty bad.  We were eager to leave.
Geoffrey is the best bartender around. He knows his stuff and makes excellent cocktails. \nI had happy hour apps and my boyfriend had the sea bass. Everything was so great. I recommend the bread pudding (*its a savory dish, not a desert!) \nWill be back soon!!
This place is to Italian what Macayos is to Mexican, more domestic then authentic.  That isn't to say it isn't very tasty.  Very comfortable atmosphere and menu.
Ate here once but I might come back.  The food is palatable but I like Thai BBQ better.
An average-quality cheeseburger and fries, at an above average price. I could have bought a steak burger for $10.
Enjoyed my birthday dinner here this year outside in the patio area!..  The family loved it and it was a nice cozy way to enjoy spending the evening together mixed with great food, all in all a wonderful way to celebrate.
Disappointing.....\nPizza very salty and pasta was out of the box average\nService subpar\nDirty paper menus\nI could go on and on, there way better at the Venetian alone
The bartenders were very cordial and skilled at making a great drink.  It's definitely off the beaten path but well worth traveling outside your comfort zone.
Fast service.  Very tasty food. Chicken wrap was delicious.  And the sauce was very good.  Nice place to meet and eat.
Gross, I dont understand this place at all.
Thoroughly unimpressed.
Nice place and atmosphere. I had the ribeye. It was over cooked. Also tasted a bit off. I should have sent it  ack but had a show to catch. I actually became sick later night and ruined part of our vacation. My wife had the filet. She said it was just ok.
Food is OK.  Female server is great, tries hard.  The male server is disinterested.
I ordered delivery from here today and it was amazing. Both my husband and I ordered the gyro. They were huge and delicious. I could only eat about half, so I'll have a nice midnight snack later! Everything was fresh and the delivery was fast. Will definitely order again.
I used to go here every morning for breakfast but no more.  This place has the rudest staff I ever encountered, particularly this one supervisor there who is bossing everyone around.  If you like psychodrama and tension in the morning, this is the place.
The food was good and the service was great.  We went twice while visiting in Las Vegas because it's a good place to take kids and it was close to our hotel (Ramada Inn on Flamingo Rd).
Not much of a hot dog fan, though their hot dogs were in between awesome and a-ok thus three stars. I believe it's more hyped on the celeb advertisement.\n\nOverall, The place is cool especially those chili dogs :)
Salad bar is really good but terribly overpriced......food is fresh, place is very clean but please lower you salad bar price...the only protien that you have is shredded chicken so can't see why the salad bar is so expensive.
Worst service I have ever recieved. I go to this Starbucks a lot because it's on my way to work and everytime I regret it. The service is slow, even when I'm the only person in the drive thru. It take them forever to even greet me, and the coffee isn't that great either
Their bread is always dry, and their sandwiches never seem as fresh as they really should be. Other locations do much better than this one, it's a shame really.
Not great...just okay.
Excellent food and wine.  Waiter Pedro was amazing.  Service was fast and I could not believe this was airport food.   It was hot fresh and delicious with generous portions.  We'll be coming back.
Great food, breakfest is amazing and lunch is also great! They give you large portions of food. Check them out if your ever in the area and want a good meal.
Chop shop has a great concept. I am just struggling finding a go to item on the menu. I have not been a big fan of the sandwiches. The protein bowls were a bit better but I was far from in love with it. Maybe I just need some comfort food instead of health food...
It's Pei Wei. The service and food are always satisfactory.
never and ever
We have rented twice now from RV Rental Outlet.  Both times we have had a great experience with no issues.  The trailer we got was properly outfitted and they gave us a nice walk through of all of the features.  We will definitely rent from them again for our annual camping trip.
What's so great about this place? This seems to be the only pho place Vegas people go to. Always busy, but the food isn't even that great. Shame!
Very average food.  Very unfriendly staff.\n\nBo Luc Lac was overcooked.\n\nShould be called Pho-So-So.....get it?  Because the food is just, so so....\n\nMuahahaha.....
ich hab's bereut. Die Pizza schmeckte grauenhaft, die Rindfleischstreifen darauf waren f\u00fcrchterlich  einzig die Bedienung war nett, wenn auch nicht sehr aufmerksam
Please update this place.
I agree with all of the recent reviews. Nachobot was awesome, amazing even! Rezbot, nothing special at all. Bring back Nachobot please!
Great customer service, love their drive-thru and cute patrons if I do say so myself ;-)
Solid food, decent service, good prices.  Overall, I'm a fan.
Sweet potato tots are great. Burger was good as well.
Long lines and the manager thinks it's a grand idea to have only a few lanes for checking out open. I can only ponder who that genius is. I give it 3 stars. Noone likes to wait forever. People like to pick out items & pay and go. It's that simple.
Not sure if they are closed for good or temporarily.\n\nThere were posters stuck up on their door with building code violations of some sort.  It looks like they are either packed up and left or undergoing maintenance for the violations.
Was in line at 7:15 and by 7:40 they were coming thru the line making sure we had the right paper work. They opened doors at 7:50 and we were done and out of there at 8:10am!!\nThe lady that helped us was nice and even let us choose our license plate
Only ate here because we stayed at the hotel and were hungry!  The $30 all day buffet is pretty cool.  We only had lunch though.  The food was mediocre.  Nothing special.  I would go somewhere else for the price.
I could not enjoy this place. I had someone following me every two seconds asking if I have looked at their suckers or their deals. Its a small space they could see I just told the girl two steps over I was ok.
For people who love fast food service yet upscale food. A Kneaders dessert is a treat you must try. Do your taste buds a favor.
The doctor prescribed me medication that I am allergic to. It was in my chart and I told her about my allergy in person. I ended up in the emergency room. The practice manager does not seem to care about the issue and their whole staff is awful.
Owner of the establishment gets offended easily, even if you're simply trying to find a seat. They were out of many tap beers for a couple of weeks. Slaw was bad.
Awesome happy hour!  Especially Wednesday when champagne and oysters are half off! Really big happy hour selection. Amazing food, drinks and service. Highly recommend!
The products and service are great, but the prices are outrageous!\n\nI am on a vegan diet and have found this co-op really helpful. If you can get past the prices, the selection is great!
This place used to be good, but has really gone downhill. The last time we went there, we had to send back three things because they were wrong or just plain bad. Too bad because this used to be the closest thing to Houston's in Charlotte.
Little's makes sure you're happy with your shoes months after your purchase. Ask for Terry. He's awesome.
2 and 3 dollar movies with decent quality and only 1 - 1.5 months behind release date. Yeh!
friendly staff, great food. good spot to have lunch, samwiches are amazing.
Great atmosphere and really yummy food. If you want drinks, go during happy hour; for food go during dinner.\n\nIn the dead of summer the flies are not a problem, mostly because the doors are closed.
I really like this place its really reasonable and the team makes sure you are satisfied with their work .I'll be going to\nThis  place from now on to have my car washed.
I used to be a fan but their new hours prevent me from using them.  Additionally, they've been shrinking my clothes and when I pay them for repairs they don't get done at all let alone properly.  Suffice to say, I'm searching for a new dry cleaner close to my home.
This is my favorite sushi place. I always leave feeling like I had a great time and looking forward to coming back. Recently had the Lobster Miso soup which had a huge lobster claw in it and looked very impressive which was fun for my daughter. IT gets pretty busy and is not a huge place so I recommend calling ahead.
Very nice place to stay. We stayed in a really nice suite. The rooms are clean and beds are very comfortable.  The grounds are nice and the pool area is very clean as well.  The only problem was we had to change rooms twice before they got things right.  Other than that it was a pleasurable experience.
Fabulous from top to bottom!  Got in late and were upgraded to a fountain view suite!
Went to the SouthPark location on Saturday evening. Food was excellent and so was the service. Wish the dessert selection was a little better.
Ah the Keg. Very nice atmosphere and service. I ordered a ceasar salad, sirloin steak and garlic mash. All very good but not really interesting. Expect to pay $30+ a person. You are paying for the service not the food. \n\nFancy place for boring food.
Really cool hangout.  It looks a bit dingy, but it is great food, fantastic service, and $2.50 bottles of Harp all the time.\n\nOh, and it's not on the buzz time (NTN) website, but they have it.
Great neighborhood Joint.  Food is great, the pints are great too.
My rating would be a 5 if it wasn't for the Tom Yum soup. The soup was good, but I've had better. However, their green curry and drunken noodles were outstanding! Spice level and consistency was perfect. They even stayed open late to let us finish our dinner! Fantastic!
The food here is pretty good, even though the customer service is poor.
These donuts don't taste good anymore. They have an aftertaste like they are using a different type of oil
Probably one of the busiest Starbucks in north Scottsdale, yet they get the drink order right every time.  WOW!  You might not be able to find a seat, but you'll enjoy your well prepared drink!
We didn't wait at all to be seated, and our host was very friendly and nice.  Our waiter however could have cared less about us.  Our food was luke warm. I the carne asada taco that left a bad taste in my mouth and the rice that came with black beans reminded bland Uncle Ben's rice.
So happy! Carpet dirty. They do so good job. Carpet now clean, so shiny. Like new, sparkle clean. \n\nNext time carpet dirty not hesitate to call make carpet shiny again. They use vacuum and shampoo so special. Just right for you.
Not a good experience at all! Food was absolutely terrible, just like the name says!  Went over to Nathan's afterwards.
Fast service, lentil and spicy italian sausage soup was yummy. Main course was Salmon , scallops and shrimp \"The Damian\", sauces were great not heavy and seafood cooked just right .
Heritage is a beautiful, smart space with a warm, welcoming staff celebrating creative, delicious food and drink.  Madison is growing up fast thanks to establishments like this.  Great work.  Can't wait to go back.
We have gone to High Tide twice and enjoyed everything both times. Service is very friendly and knowledgable, food is very fresh.
Not as good as I expected from reading other patrons' reviews.
Worst gel manicure I have ever had.  She destroyed my nails when taking the polish off.  She clipped my skin and then smiled at me.  And the next day the polish was literally peeling off.  Bad service + bad results = bad review.  I was hoping to like it since it is in the neighborhood.
Lamb Balti had big hunks of tomato, onion, and green pepper - the lamb was OK (not fatty) but lacked texture.  The peas in the mattar paneer were shriveled.   A tasteless meal - the chapati was the best thing but even here you should hope to find better,
Very comfortable hotel. The front desk staff is always so nice. I have hosted several meetings here and the complete experience has always been favorable. From in-room dining to restaurant options you will not go hungry. \nWalking distance to many great places through out downtown Charlotte. \nI always sleep like a a baby.
I'm giving Hazelwood's a tentative 3 stars.  It seems as if they've fixed their service issues.  I've been there a few times for happy hour in the past month and they seem to have implemented a team service method.  Still good food and nice cold beer.
I absolutely love this place...\n\nIf you are a lover of seafood, this is the restaurant to hit up...\n\nAmbiance is very chic and the food so very delightful...\n\nI'd go here over any buffets in Vegas...
So good! Perfect for comfort food! Just amazing food!
Terrible parking/access due to an un-phased parking upgrade.  Slow to nonexistent parking shuttles.  The absolute worst baggage handling times.  They do a decent job but come on, you can do better.
Food is great but ticket times are really long. When you come here, don't come starving. Anything grilled is delicious.
Just moved to the area from Cali and this was my first Chinese food place I came to. Orange chicken was okay. The noodles and rice were really good but the egg rolls tasted weird.
Totally racist people working the door.  If you look too ethnic don't bother going they won't let u in the door.  Never support discrimination.
Some real good food here.  Best Reuben I've ever had from here. I have loved every appetizer I have tried.  Large selection of beer and whiskey.  If they had a better red wine selection i'd go 5 stars.  I love to play trivia here.
Food is okay.  This is the place to go when your tired of eating burgers and tacos!!!!
The ice cream is not labeled and the clerks do not know what the flavors are. Waited and waited for service and I still never received my food.
Tuesday night at 8pm and only one person working? Ugh, this is taking forever... long wait times for expensive ice cream!
Horrible service!!! Had to two wait two hours and I just left just to take my permit test! Get here early . Will try again tomorrow just to take my permit test.
All I have to say is this place could only feed children, the portions are for 5 year olds. I just got so upset when I got my food, I didn't even want to eat it. The taste of the food is okay, but there is really no point in eating at a restaurant that cannot even remotely fill you up.
So this place had good reviews and its in my neighbourhood, I love Greek food.\nSooo disappointed, meat is very dry feels like jerky, they forgot lemon juice in their hummus and its not pureed very well.\nHorrible wont ever go back.
For the price this is a very good value. Groups are decent size and clean. The fact that it is connected to the California club Casino is a real convenience. Would stay here again.
I just tried \"the trio\" frozen blended. I'm calling this the trifecta. Amazing blend white chocolate, macadamia nut and toasted marshmallow. \n\nIt's so good!
Everyone, when considering Mr. Troncellito, make sure you read the filtered review on here, as he has responded to Nestrelda's review. I'm not quite sure why his is filtered, and her hatchet job is left to stand, but so be it.
best Pad thai ive ever had, waiters are all adorable, high energy and on point.Will be back for sure.
Here for restaurant week. The half chicken breast was dry and the ravioli was tough...
Great, authentic Thai food in the heart of Phoenix. They are always packed which is a true testament to their food! The service is always exceptional as well. The only downside is DDD was just there last week so expect a much longer wait once the episode airs!
I keep ordering from them & I don't know why? Something is always wrong! Wrong pizza, bring the wrong order. One of the delivery guys told me that things are so unorganized there. Called management and she didn't even apologize, that we got the wrong pizza. She was just quite.
This place closed.
Their appetizer fried wonton is the best! it has that zesty sweet taste to it which I love! I would say its the only thing i order from the appetizer menu. Haven't tried it yet?! i suggest you should!
I love this hotel. Right off the strip if you walk through Planet Hollywood. The pricing for the rooms are pretty reasonable and the rooms are a complete home away from home. Its packed full of utensils, cooking equipment, appliances, etc. I'll definitely stay here again.
The original bubble milk tea was overwhelming with tea flavor and sugar and did not seem to have a milkiness at all. Was not able to finish the drink.
Most dishes on the menu are American style Chinese food. Not a bad choice if you just want to have a quick bite at lunch time. I felt that the food there is a little pricier than it should be. Aside from these I do recommend their basil chicken, which is a traditional Taiwanese dish.
0
Good for families and the prices are really good. We've eaten in and carried out both where good. \n\nThe portions are large if you are not overly hungry you can split the meal and still get what you need.
I eat herebevery time I come to Vegas. Cheap place for breakfast or buffet.
Wait wait wait.\n\nCar emissions is a scam just to collect additional money for the state.\n\nWhat ever you do do not go to the full service lane go thru the express lanes.
Eh. what can I say? It's a sports bar, just like any other sports bar. I've never gotten great service there, or even fast service, but I do like the homemade chips. Everything else is just okay.
Worst place ever!!! Don't go!! It will\nOnly ruin your night!!! Many other way better places in Las Vegas. Place should be closed and the people working there should learn some customer service
We love this place when we come to Las Vegas.  Highly recommended for the steaks!
Had to get my car towed and they waited after hours to make sure I got there safely. Went above and beyond to assist me and breakdown all my options of repair.  Service rep Arny is awesome (don't know spelling) but great service! Definitely recommend.
I've passed this spot a few times really thinking/hoping it was THE hole in the wall Pervuian chicken spot I've been dreaming of in the Charlotte area. NOPE. Typical rotisserie joint with Spanish flare. Service is nice.
If you are feeling hungry with a fellow carnivore, I recommend the Meat and Potatoes for two.  A 36oz Ribeye with potato wedges and bone marrow butter for $55.  Yummo!\n\nBurgers are also really great!
I stayed at the South Point Hotel and had to catch morning flight to San Francisco, so I had my breakfast at this place. I could say this is about average for a quick breakfast. They did run some special from midnight to 6am, so if you like staying late, you may get some good deal.
Slow service. I thought the food was kind of tasteless. I had to smother it in salsa to taste anything good.
Overall pretty comparable to many other self-serve fro-yo places. However, I thought everything here was really good and really enjoyed the fact that that had Taro yogurt (Taro might not be right for you, but if it is or if you're adventurous, its delicious).
This is a great boutique in N. E. Mesa, full of funky and eclectic gifts and wares.  The shop might be small, but it boasts personality!
Good food, above average but horrible service. The hostess couldn't memorize the specials for the day and didn't bother to ask and let us know. I enjoyed the fresh salsa and warm chips, dashed a bit of salt and munched alongside our drinks.
I love this place - it is a small slice of NY in Vegas! The bagels are the best and just like the ones I grew up on! I eat breakfast here at least 3 times a month!
I have gone to this Denny's for years, And I have seen a lot of things that were not cool. For one they racially segregate people in different sections I heard a couple waitresses arguing over not serving to African-Americans, Because they do not tip well!! I Will never go to this Denny's again
I love this place especially Ftidays for the Prime Rib special! Great cut and ever so tender. Great beer specials and plenty of tv's.  Our waiter Eric was very responsive and looked after us. Will ask for him again. \n\nNow off to my favorite blackjack table.
Overall the food was good! Love love love CRAB legs! All you can drink beer and wine is also a plus. The only downside is having to wait an hour to get seated!
This place sucks! They forgot to put egg in my bowl, and the sauce just tasted like spicy ketchup. My boyfriend's bowl tasted like a bowl of salt. They even had the audacity to charge a dollar for the stupid table game thingy.
One of my favorite places for a splurge\n\nExcellent fish\nGreat view\nSuperb wines (but very expensive)
The only thing worse than the food is the service.
Fast drive through. Drink order was right and the associate was friendly and on point.
Too expensive for the food you get.
The WORST buffet I've ever had in Vegas! Spare yourself the money and go to ANYWHERE else! I tried many things and it was all awful! Should have asked for my money back; but I'll help you save yours-- PASS this place!
The food was satisfactory, but definitely NOT worth the price. I had to wait forever, and it wasn't that busy at the time, either. The service could have been a lot better.
My son is in middle school and is currently enrolled in their catholic school program. It takes two years for him to finish and take his First Communion. The ladies that run the program are all very nice. If you are looking for a place to take your son or daughter and live near this area, I recommend that you check them out.
[+] \npho soup \nrice spring rolls \namazing flavor \nwaiter with one hand \ndecent price \nbyob \n\n[-] \navg. ambiance \nwaiter with one hand
good place to watch a game and friendly staff. Burger and sweet potato fries were pretty tasty
After our horrible experience at the North/East side 'Muse, we decided to try the West Side one. What a difference! They ended up taking ALL of our books, and didn't have any problem with the quality of any of them.
Used a livingsocial deal for this place, it had a nice atmosphere and the staff seemed friendly. However the food was a little spicy for our liking (we ordered 'mild', and I normally eat spicy food, but this was over the top). Overall decent experience, nothing flashy with lots of south indian dishes.
Not worth the money... Luxor is way better. I wasn't impressed with Tao and its murky, over-infested pool nor was I thrilled to walk through a mile long maze from my hotel room to the restaurant to get something to eat. It's a lot of money per night and I was disappointed.
Preferred this buffet to the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo. I thought the food and the deserts were better. A little cheaper too! More options here and tastier food :) delish!
Quality, value, selection. All of the Indian cuisine staples. The dessert, particularly the ice cream (which was old) was not impressive.
Not bad for my first visit. I had the patty melt and it was pretty tasty. Greasy, but tasty. Fries were decent, too. Brb, gonna give their honey bbq chicken sw a try.
This is the fifth (or so) time we attend First Friday. The Summer events have MUCH more to offer, since more artists and vendors. are here, as well as a decent variety of food trucks. Tonight it was ok, a nice verity of food and local art, but overall - Summer is a much better season to come in.
I've always enjoyed the wings here and the onion ring tower was delicious and intimidating.  The waitress had a good beer suggestion which I have since forgotten but I will be returning the next time I'm back in Madison to rediscover that long lost ale.
good food, great ambience, reasonable prices, and great variety.\nminus one star because service could have been better.\n\nfor lunch, try the lamb gyro or turkey sandwich.
Mad house Coffee is my new favorite place! I'm so happy my salon moved right behind them and I can enjoy a delicious sandwich or a smooth ice blended beverage whenever I'm at work! Everyone is super friendly and everything is super yummy! Keep it up guys!
Great food n staff! Good reasonable prices n delicious just like home breakfast food! Best place for brunch/breakfast in Az. I don't even like breakfast food but I luv this place so much that I changed n I luv it now! Best place to eat with friends n fam. Or even alone!
Living in chicago I still keep my uniform peices to bring in.  I absolutely love this place.  Leslie, one of the young girls that works the front remembers me by name.  I just love that kind of customer service!  I have never, ever had issues and have been using this place for years.
When I have a coupon or deal, I like to double check to make sure they'll still honor it. I had to ask three people here if they would honor it no one knew and no one offered to find out. Food was fine but the sauce is very sweet. Not what I expected. Booths were large enough to be comfortable.
Super yummy, great location (on the one end of the venetian gondola ride). Nice \"outdoor\" seating. You feel like you are outside overlooking the canal, it is fun and the food is delicious. Good service. The three ceviche appy is great!
I do have to unfortunately update that one of those enticing bourbon caramels had a hair on it.  The kind of hair that you only notice AS you're eating something.  The kind of hair that is not found on the head.\n:o(\nI feel so dirty.
Love coming here food is always good no complaints here at all...And so awesome that all this worth the drive  thank you guys..
Pretty good burgers and chili cheese fries. Breakfast is ok for a drive-thru as well. \nThey need to clean their iced tea machine though, tastes dirty and burnt.
One of our favorite Mexican places in town!
Nice, quiet sushi place. The fish is always fresh and the servers are all professional and friendly. Also, it's nice having a go-to for sushi on Mondays when most independent sushi joints are closed. Naomi Garnice gives it four stars!
Always busy, we hit this place to start our Vegas vacation. We have to go thru the gift shop to see the latest in Parrothead couture!\n\nOh, yeah, the food. It's okay.
Food & service are underwhelmingly blah. Seems like they should be in a run down strip mall instead of an elegant resort.
Service is good but food and environment is not good. Restaurant is not the cleanest. Won't go back and don't compare to other Red Lobsters.
Place is amazing.
Overpriced, overrated. Their pad Thai is different alright--chow mein noodles?
My son was served raw chicken in his sandwich here today. Totally raw and cold.\nHe ate half his sandwich before his fiance noticed. We all lost our lunch!
Awful unprofessional staff.  Very unhelpful and disrespectful workers.  I tried to get ahold of a manager to notify them but they are never available.  I had such a awful experience that I just left and I will never return.
I'm pretty sure they use a store brand BBQ sauce. There are way too many better places than this.
Acceptable For airport food it was very acceptable. The place was clean, the staff was nice, the prices were acceptable and they make an acceptable Bloody Mary. Overall, this is an acceptable place for sit down food while waiting on your flight.
Mediocre Italian food. I had a pizza and it was quite bland. The waiter was nice, though.
way overrated.\n\nthere were a lot of options, but there wasn't anything that stood out for me. the place is a little reminiscence of the tea party in alice in wonderland. and we only had our drinks refilled once.
My go to sushi place every time I'm in NV. So many sushi choices and crab legs galore.    I felt like I needed to be rolled out of there due to my food coma. There are several dessert options. The creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e was the best!
Apollo high school is a great school I went there all four years of it, great teachers and friends, I graduated in 1998 and I even lived near Apollo high school and I can hear football games playing and the band. \n\nApollo high school rocks   Go Hawks.
Had an amazing seared ahi salad with a Jeremiah red. I will be asking for my server Justin P. again. I came in by myself and he made my time there awesome. Felt like royalty. Think I found my new favorite beer too.
Salad was missing the main ingredient but the pizza saved the day.
the ladies are so friendly and helpful i got my pair repaired a few yrs ago and now they took care of my husbands, thank u for exceptional service hard to come by!
Thier bubble Tea is about the same quality as Bubble Island... Pretty poor. When Compared to the Bubble Tea at Jade Mountain it doesn't hold a candle. If you want real Taiwanese style bubble tea you're better off heading somewhere else like Jade Mountain... or China town.
Confirm the other posts. Don't waste your time at this rude place. Show up at their ppen time and doors wide open but tell you they are closed and not even an invite to come back. Good to not need the business I guess.
cool atmosphere but I wasnt impressed with the food. I guess I like traditional and this reminded me of texmex.  I'm also not a fan of chepolte and Verde sauces so it could be I ordered the wrong thing.  I think over all the atmosphere is fun.
Very disappointed in takeout dinners this evening.  Cashew chicken had few or no cashews.  Chicken in the Curry chicken fried rice was undercooked.  Governor's Beef lacked flavor.
Tons of shops. \n\nThat could be a good thing or a bad thing.
The staff here is super sweet and the pricing is fair, especially considering you're inside a hotel. The food is typical diner food: soups, salads, sandwiches, burgers, etc. The portions are great and everything was fresh and tasty.
Wife likes it.  Bagels OK.  Service terrible.  Took 15 minutes to get 3 bagels.  Wife can go there but I won't be back.  Way too much competition for my $$ in this part of town for such lousy service.
The rental is hard to get to, took two shuttle buses just to wait at a huge line to get your car. You even have to wait in the same line when you return the Car! Don't use this service!
We received excellent service at the stone crest location. Jim was very helpful and knowledgable. He gave great advice and helped us get the best deal. Very excited about our new memory foam mattress. We will def. recommend mattress firm to everyone.
Found them on yelp cause i was craving Thai food ya heard? Ordered to go, very friendly, 20 min pick up for some dank drunken noodles.
A blast! You should do the Bootleg Canyon experience first and then you get a $10 discount coupon for this one. Obviously this one is much shorter but still a blast to do it. And if you can time it right with the light show it's even better! A must do!!
This place is so good! Service was great, love the decor, and the food tasted fresh. I got the shrimp po boy and the only thing it needed was the classic spicy mayo... Great back bone for something that is going to be a local favorite. Definitely coming here again and again!
Tons of TV's and big beers. \n\n\nNot great food, and boneless wings have less actual chicken in them than a McNugget.
Best Chinese I've found in four states. Egg Flower Soup is divine and whatever the Silver Wrapped Chicken is so good you'll want to snort it.
Loved this place! Cool little place with very cool vibe and food. Wish they had one on the north west side of town. Will be back as I pass this way from time to time. Oh, and the iced tea was amazing as well.
Amazing deals can't wait to go back a must if you are in the area the selection changes everyday. What kind of deals example $300 to $400 rings for $5.00! That was the special when my sister and i went : ) You will never be disappointed. Great place to do Christmas shopping.
Took my hubby for his 46th birthday.  Staff was great & food was good.  Views were amazing!
This location is the worst!! They wouldn't redeem a coupon I had in the \"Coupons For A Cure \" book that I had from a donation. Who says no to a coupon that is printed in black and white. Won't be back even though I live right there!
Drive thru super slow, not enough food for the money
I really like this place! It's not THE best in town but very good and best of all quick, fresh and the portions are perfect for one.  I also love their iced green tea.
Locally owned and operated, casual dining restaurant that is great for a business lunch or a family dinner. Awesome fresh, fast power lunches!
Sweet little local bar on Trop & Pecos. Full bar. Decent prices. Karaoke is fun here. They have a couple of pool tables. Lots of TV's, all on sports! We dig it!!!
I got bottle service, $425 cheapest bottle, really depends where your table is at, and the music was very techno-y, too much of that, females mostly stay downstairs where the music is better, prob wont go back there
I went in for a wax. Perhaps that was my mistake; maybe they just Polish...not wax. Either way, be weary. The woman who walked me used huge clunky chunks of wax and pulled like a pansy.  I could have done it better myself.  I was miserable and in pain.
Horror Chinese food.   Ghetto style.  All mid-cut chicken wings and pork ribs.  Never again!!!  Only as a joke you bring friends here.
Bad and old food. The service has gone down in the past 6 months and it's almost better to just go to a sit down restaurant with their prices.
Last night was our first night at T-Bones.  It is simply the best for service, atmosphere and food! Best steaks and side dishes putting my old favorite Mastro's into second place!  We love T-Bones and will go back again and again!
Great service and the pizza was good. They made the pizza in front of me and the staff was super friendly.  I was a little suprised by the price but everything was great.
Good pasta for an amazing steal. The most friendly staff I have ever encountered. I will be back many times more.
Tried it for the first time and the last time....over priced icky mushy food with extremely small portions. I called to inform them and got a very slight sorry
Dive Bar.\nServed hugeeeeeeeee bottles of beer.\nGood crowd.\nMidget bar.  Kind of cool!
Sorry to say but they have the worst sushi I've ever had. Atmosphere is hip mostly for younger crowds.  Way over price!
Took the family...The portions were generous & the food was great. I recommend it, if in the area.
Great place came down here and got the steak speical. The steak and potato were not seasoned but my wife and I only paid 17 dollars for a meal and two micro brews not bad for 7.99. We will definitely go back sometime just so we will not have to cook.
Had some pretty good wines. Look out for the cherry though, It taste like cough syrup
This might be a local favorite but the pizza tasted like a box. Little ingredient and no taste
To make it simple, we were not too pleased that we had to wait 45 minutes for our RESERVATION...
Everything you could need is here.  Yes you can venture out... But why would you?!
The coffee works in a pinch, but still taste like dirty water.  I don't get foo-foo drinks, if I did it might taste better.  Service is always good to great at any starbucks.
Great food, very fresh. Nice change from fast food. The chicken kabob is awesome. Can not wait to try more menu items.
Hugely overrated. I get it though, there's few good Chicago joints in town so Chicagoan's have to come here for this kind of food.  It's good for what it is and the service really is fantastic but the hype has caused crazy long lines which don't justify the wait in my book.
I'm very shocked at the reviews. I got the platinum wash and my car is spotless! Will definitely be coming back!
First of all if I could I would give this place negative stars. Worst place ever, I love house music but the people who go here are low class and dirty. Enough said no words can describe how disgusted I am. I would rather go to a Vegas bar then go to this club.
At $19.00 a night plus $8.50 resort fee its a great deal. It is just a step above a motel 6 like hotel. The hotel in many areas is basically falling apart.
A nice place to go for salads - their beet salad is particularly enjoyable. Service can be a little heavy handed and their wine selection is poor.
Disappointing that such a large chain would have such a limited gluten-free menu and the wait staff are uneducated about what gluten is.\n\nEnough said.
The food is good. Would give 4 starts except  I guess somewhere along the line I became an old man.. But something about 10am shoulder to shoulder with tons of people and techno from the DJ.. If you have a hangover avoid!
Ellison's is fantastic. Don't go there if you are in hurry as Elvis(Ellison) the chef is all by himself in the kitchen making everything from scratch. The best Roti in town and a neat little place for carribean of any sort.
Service is pretty rude. They rush you when you fill out the paper and aren't very friendly. Not very welcoming. Portions were irregular as well. Not as good as the last times I visited and won't be back for a while.
Baja Steak Burrito is what I get every time...  Good stuff!  I love the Mango Salsa and unlimited Pico, Hot Sauce at the salad bar.  It's located by my wife's Luxy Nail Salon.  Very convenient for me
Good prices, convenient and great location for us. They could definitely use some new employees who are a bit friendlier and act like they care. Customer service is mediocre at best.
I really wanted to like TAO but it was WAAAYYYYYYY too crowded to dance. We left after 15 minutes....
Great place in neighborhood. Food is excellent most meats are smoked with awesome flavor.Great Happy hour for drinks and they offer their boneless wings on special.Service has been extremely slow as of late not sure why but hope it improves?
Totally screwed security and check in. No idea about how to run a club- stay  away and find somewhere they appreciate customers - MGM this is why you are losing market share for nightlife - train your staff on how to deliver decent customer service. Fight in line to get in- seriously??
Good food but slooooowwww service that doesn't check up on you to see if you need anything .
Fantastic tacos. I tried the carne asada and the carnitas. Great flavor and juicy. The salsa doesn't have a lot of flavor, and reminded me of tomato juice.
Have dined in here a few times and have no complaints. They bring out a basket of chips and one bowl of chunky salsa and one bowl of the hot sauce salsa - both are delicious and they refill them too. \nI usually order an enchilada as my meal and it's yummy.
I didn't know that they allow smoking inside the casino.  I was grossed out when I went in to meet my girlfriends at Orange Sky restaurant.  I cannot agree more, this place smells like a dirty ashtray.  Too bad, because maybe I would have like to spend some time at the tables.
Good fish tacos. Nice patio.
Honest reliable and expeditious\n\n\nNeed any more adjectives ?  I have 7 fleet cars and they recently started to help me keep them maintained. \n\nI'm glad I found a car place I can trust. It's not ez
Same thing as Dennys at almost twice the price. Marginally decent food and service.  It was clean and food was pretty quick, even with a nearly full restaurant. Parking is horrendous when all the places there are busy.
This is a pretty standard Chinese buffet. Not great, but good food and the price is reasonable. I have not had the problem of the food being cold which I have seen from other reviewers. Overall I like it and would return.
Awesome custard!!! The best in Las Vegas. Make sure to bring cash. They do not take debt or credit cards.
Not up to par, took a family of 10 or so waitresses was new, food was less than good. Save your money
this is one of the most expensive buffets I've been to but for the reviews I figured it was worth it. honestly, I was a bit underwhelmed. if you are big into Asian food, then come here it was outstanding. the desserts were great as well. the warm crab legs also good. everything else was just okay
Over rated and expensive. I has the tiramisu wasn't very good. I've had much better for less. Seeing the chocolate fountains and beautiful cakes was neat but if you came for a good dessert go somewhere else.   Service was super slow and for the price you should be served not cafeteria style. Very disappointing.
The menu looks great! The food... Not so much. My burger was perfectly average. I ordered it medium, and it was perfectly medium, so they did that right. On the plus side, they had Chimay beer, which i tried for the first time; worth the extra cash!
Same food and concept as the location on Sahara but I like the vibe of this location better - the booths feel more private.  Good food - plenty to share but there is a split plate fee.
Food was yummy and decently priced. Great place to go for vacation.
Wow.... Great value and open 24/7...the food is so good... Doesn't seem like many people know about this place tho
Love this place. Right on my corner. Prices could be a little cheaper but overall I recommend.
I have been back for brunch and it is pretty fab. My kid loves the bacon and I devour the chicken chiliques (sp?)
Vegetarian, don't get a \"vegetarian filling\" burrito, its filled with only beans and rice then lettuce on side. The  menu says guacomole but youll get charged $2 extra for it. Get salad instead!! Les s room for error and more bang for your bucks.
Holy crap this place is amazing! The food is super fresh out of the kitchen so I highly recommend eating in the restaurant rather than getting take out. They've got some awesome hot mustard sauce too.
only been here with buddies but overall pretty cool place but way far for me to return so i only go when i know all my folks and friends are going but i would suggest this to other people to return very inexpensive
We were in town for the Belk Bowl and went to Mert's for lunch.  It was excellent, staff was very friendly.  FYI, try the macaroni & cheese and cornbread with tHe honey butter, YUM!!!!
Nothing extravigant...im a sucker for eggs benedict...but not when it has powdered hollandaise sauce!!
sommelier and wine list was fantastic.  Meat was great.  You do not get your money's worth for food.
I've been there three times. Once was passable, twice not at all. The woman was not nice and the guy who did my nails today did a terrible job. He was at least pleasant, but I won't go there again.
This place is closed
Buffalo bill was the best burger I've had. The bison was cooked perfectly, with a thin line of red, keeping it juicy throughout. The bacon, cheese, and bed of greens (romaine lettuce, maybe some arugula?) just rounded it out to make an awesome burger.
It is what it is.  If you've actually had good barbecue, don't set your standards too high.   It's a chain barbecue restaurant.  I've had the ribs and the smoked turkey from here.  It is what it is.
Surprisingly good food and reasonably priced
Can't talk, stuffing face! Nachos are outrageous! This is my 5th \"ride\" and have yet to be disappointed. Service has always been top notch, soup excellent, burros rock and the tacos... ahhh, the tacos.
The food was not bad. I didn't like the bread that much though. I did like the pork butt sandwich the most, other ones i tried were just OK. I did expect something out of the ordinary but nothing like that here would prefer a carne asada sandwich instead of this any day.
They were awesome! Showed up early, friendly, quick, and did a great job. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
Had a great meal and enjoyed our dining experience! Our waiter Alex was fun, engaging and enthusiastic! We loved it and we'll be back with friends.
This place is pretty good at getting the orders out quickly and most importantly getting everything you order in the bag. I did get the splats after eating here the last time but I can't be 100% sure it was from this food here, but it doesn't matter I will still keep going.
Nauti-gal needs to get back to basics. Thoroughly clean the restaurant and focus on fresh, consistent, good quality food. The food is currently pretty nasty and not fresh at all. The atmosphere is pretty grungy, and the wait staff is surly. Not worth it. I won't be back.
Huge portions and tasty stuff. Trust the bartender, she knows what to recommend.
Came in for breakfast, our party of three ordered two greek omelets and an order of french toast. The omelets were A-OK, but the french toast tasted a bit off. I think it was the syrup actually, and the bacon was more fat than meat. Service was prompt and friendly.
What a fantastic evening and great place. They have a great selection of wines and appetizers. And you can buy a bottle to stay or go! We will definately be back.
Couldn't decide which burger I wanted since they all looked interesting. I opted for the slider trio for variety .Best burgers I've had in a while! Mouthwatering delicious :) Great selection of cocktails as well.
Drink service while playing slots on floor is real slow, besides that great ambiance and lots of eye candy..
Traditional North Italian fare served pleasantly but without imagination. This place won't wow, nor probably let you down. It is Red Sauce Central. \n\nVeneto Trattoria has been here for ages and has a solid following of the older crowd and those who can't get into Houston's across the car park.
Pricing, it's ok. Customer service. UGH. I will venture out as I explore my new town. I know there is someplace out there where they actually like their job and want you to feel it.
They had what sounded like a good special for Valentine Day turned out to be a joke.  Food was of poor quality, and way over priced.  Food in the past was good here.  The place was always busy.  Recent visits not so.  Disappointing.  Cool place for at least drinks, now I dont even consider it as an option.
The food is awesome. Simple yet unique. \n\nGreat selection of tequilas. \n\nFour stars because it's pricey and parking blows.
It's been quite a while since I've been to Cartwright's and it really seems like they've stepped up their game.  The drink menu is creative and interesting and I like that they've combined entrees and sides.  My scallops were absolutely delish and desserts were fantastic.
this place is run down, and not worth it, never will stay here again
I wish the food were better. The food was either way over seasoned or bland. The good things we had were the sweet potato avocado salad and the sweet potato fries. The healthy protein burger was not awful, just boring.
One of my favorite places to eat in Phoenix.  Easy on my waistline and delicious!
I love this place!  The burgers are amazing, the fries are just as great and I get to snack on peanuts while I'm waiting for my food.  Also, the ingredients are ALL natural.
This place is very good, the food is authentic, service was great. If you want real mexican food, this is your place!
Started work today on the west side of town and the first thing I did was look for the nearest Chipotle. This location had a nice lunch crowd and the staff kept the line moving quickly. They had nice seating both indoors and out. As always the food was the bomb! I will be here on a regular basis!
The bartender is terrible replace him and save your business. This visit and my last i had to deal with this guy. He's worthless, rude, and short with the patrons. Such a beautiful bar with great food, but the bar tender is forcing me to head west to Seamus Mcaffreys.
Really old place but pretty well kept, at least the lobby was. Never stayed here so I cannot give it a real review.
Great place for hot pot but the rest of the menu was somewhat lacking. The hot pot was good but the second time I went and ordered menu items the food didn't have much flavor and the proportions were small.
This is not my favorite Macayo's location in town, but it is a solid choice for a quick lunch in the area. Easy to get in, great lunch deals, good service, and a dark relaxing atmosphere. The chips and salsa are particularly good too.
This is such a fun place to come and find gifts that are not mass produced.  I love how unique the items are.
Ray is a very good mechanic.  He has the experience and knows how to solve problems.\n\nI take my sled to Attitude for general maintenance, and will take it in to upgrade to a 6-speed tranny.\n\nI highly recommend Ray's shop:  Attitude Custom Cycles.
If you haven't been here yet what the hell are you waiting for!!!  I'm addicted to this place the carne asada burro is outstanding top notch try it. Do it do it
Some had omelets and I had a patty melt.  Delicious.  The fry's come in a metal basket I always ask for extra crispy and I wasn't disappointed.  \nService was ok but it was really busy so it was understandable.
Female nail tech wouldn't do design because it was to much work.. they are very ruff with ur nails cut me twice... there is one male tech that works weekends only hr is great.. will not be back..
Love the variety! Our family goes here once a week. We can never narrow down what we want because there is too many to choose from. Every time we go in there are new types of donuts! Love this place and I've only experienced great service!
A solid 3 stars.  Service was very good.  They have a salad bar with a nice variety of side items, both hot and cold.  Having been here twice the issue is that some of the meats are over cooked and on the dry side.  Worth a try but go when it is busy and maybe the meat will all be moist.
Too pricey for low quality wear!  The customer service is low and the employees seem to not like to help a lot.
I ate at the restaurant but the selection was a little disappointing and tasted pretty generic. Beer was excellent though.
Had a wonderful dining experience at Dick's several months ago, and plan to return today :)  I love this restaurant, so cozy, such great service, such outstanding food...yep, this restaurant IS as good as it gets!!!  Thank you!!!
Small station.  Outdated for the volume of traffic handled.     But a nice gentleman volunteer opens the door for you.
In addition to Cuban food, there is (Latin) dancing on Friday nights. The dance floor is small.
A little noisy\nMost dishes are excellent \nLobster salad and flank stake\nBut some of the dishes just ok\nOverall solid but not as out of the world as bazaar in Beverly hills
Always my favorite place for lunch or dinner! I traveled all the way from North Dakota and the first meal I have to have is Firehouse! We had the Meatball and the Italian and they were both prefect.  I'm going to try make it back again before my vacation is over!
They won't give you sauce for the chicken and everything is pricey.wont recommend to anyone
A little gem, a tiny place but fun and a good atmosphere. Reasonable prices for drinks and a friendly staff. They have a jukebox and often have bizarre movies playing on several different tvs. There is an outdoor patio as well. A great neighborhood bar.
It was okay, and I get that its independent but it is not four stars worthy.  Its kinda pricey, the buns have a bad after taste and the burgers are just okay.  I really wanted to like it, but there are too many better options IMO.
Got the orange tofu, was cocked quickly but very bland and not chewy. \n\nFrom the east cost, I like my food rich in flavor and this wasn't it. It was not bad, how ever it wasn't good.\n\nWould not go again, but food was edible.
Great place and friendly staff that always want to help you. I love there cupcake yogurt flavor. Good prices and lots of extras for your yogurt as well
My review is for the server Kate,  not the restaurant itself.  The food was great, but Kate failed to explain the pricing for a specific menu item.  The price on the menu was not the price I paid, it was double.  Not sure I'd return after that.
I had never been so happy to get crabs.\n\nSo happy that I ate 8 huge pieces of crab legs (the equivalent of 4 whole crabs).\n\nUgh. I feel like a dirty whore.
I walked in today and Instantly got an open chair.  I told her i wanted a medium fade and she cut me better than any barber that ive been to in las vegas so far.  On top of that, very quick and precise on my hair. Couldnt have asked for better. very good quality barbershop.
I love French food! Comme Ca (pronounced Comb-meh-sa), located inside the Cosmopolitan LV, was a bonus because they offer a decent view of the strip.  Food was good.. I would recommend it for appetizers and drinks.
So I got a call from Giant Eagle asking me to give my opinion of this store. My recommendation was to burn this place to the ground. Buckle up for crappy produce, rotten fish, old meat, and security guards that speck you be stealin! This is the Gh**to Eagle!
Wow!  As good as I had hoped after seeing it on DDD!  Had a regular sausage and the guinea pie!  Homemade meatballs and a garlic sauce with spinach...Excellent!  A must eat at if you are in Vegas!
Good job here.  We randomly found Gro today.  The chicken pita and the fries were good.  The  atmosphere was modern, clean and comfortable and the staff was friendly.\nI do wish they had iced tea (unsweetened).
If you are looking for a personalized, tasteful, romantic reception that becomes a rockin dance party - go with All-American DJ. My wife and I film weddings and have worked with them a lot, and the people have so much fun; we even notice it later when editing the video.
Overall it was just ok. Bomba desserts are probably the best thing they serve.
We went for dinner with cousins while we were in Vegas.  We had a reservation but still had to wait 45 minutes for our table.  Once we were seated, the service and food were great!
Hands down the best pizza I have had since moving to AZ 4 years ago (from NY).  The staff is always super helpful and friendly, the pizza is always PERFECTLY delicious, and if we decided to order delivery, the service is speedy!
Only if you're starving. At 16.95 too much $ for this food that seems to have sat out too long. Everything is hot but dry and tasteless. I would have clicked less than one star, but not available- RUN the other way.
My wife had salad with tortilla soup, and I had carrabian style grilled chicken salad. Her salad tasted old and the soup tasted like dish soap w/ cheese. My grilled chicken had no flavor. Do I go back....not in a million year.
Its ok.... Its ASU and kids dont really know where the good sushi is. Well its not in AZ lol. \n\nIts descent prices are way too high
Super Nachos and Ranchero eggs hit the spot!\n\nIf you find yourself in Henderson (on the way to Lake Mead perhaps?!) this is worth the detour!
The shrimp taco is to-die-for.  Spicy with a hint of cilantro and the crunch of cabbage and good sized prawns.
Been here a couple of times nice and the food not bad; especially on a Monday when it is free!
This was great.. in out and quick with a nice tight fade. I'll def. be going back again. \nAlso, it was nice to have a fast transaction on payment using SquareD.\n\nHighly recommended!
I grew up across the street from the original location in Cali. This place is too bomb.
I went here for a gel manicure. They were very friendly and helpful, but my nails started cracking the next day and chipped in a week. A gel manicure is supposed to last 2-3 weeks. I'd go back if I wanted a standard manicure, but not again for what I got.
Tina did such a great job on my pedicure!  Finally someone who really cares about the customer.  Definitely would come back again!  Thanks Ken for booking my appointment! Great salon.
Very nice place and probably the best example of a neighborhood mom and pop Italian joint\n\nFriendly staff, low prices, good food and amazing portions
I love this place! No Contracts, No Sign Up Fees and Great Prices. They are the nicest people Shannon, Kevin and Kristy! The beds are amazing and new. I have naturally fair skin but have been tanning for 3 weeks now and have a beautiful tan.
Love the convenience and happy people behind the counter! Its a good feeling and it makes me want to come back when the know me by name. It is also cool they have a Roberto's taco shop inside
Acrobats and sand painter were amazing. Obviously mostly Russians. No one else has this kind of talent. The actual storyline made ZERO sense. Overall, typical cirque de soleil. Overwhelm the senses.
Always done drive thru here but it's always good. Friendly staff, good drinks and they keep the line moving.
If you've got to go to a topless show in Vegas, pick another one. The singing/dancing was so-so and the girls on the stage appeared to be even more bored than the audience was .\n\nGood for a laugh, but don't waste money on it.
We have had a very disappointing experience with Malibu Pool Service and Repair.  Missed weekly appts, lack of proper chemical analysis and treatment, and equipment leaks that were not addressed.  We do not recommend this company to anyone!  And we have cancelled our service going forward.  Beware!
I will definitely come back to his Discount Tire location. Our mechanic, Jesse, was incredibly helpful, professional, and friendly, and helped me lower the price of 4 new tires on my 4WD Ford Explorer exponentially. Such a great deal! And only took 30 minutes! Would definitely recommend them so a family member or friend.
Lunch Menu is awesome! Happy hour specials are cheap! I'm here probably once every two weeks. I love sushi.
If you need a piercing you need to go and see Corey at Lucky Draw he's the best.
I like going to this place because it is close to work and rarely busy.  The people are nice and they do a decent job!
We only come here to see Santa.  Which we won't be doing again.  The pictures are horribly overpriced and you are forced to buy a package.  The food court is horribly planned with very few restaurants and good luck getting a stroller around.  They are really living up to the Ghetto's Mall nickname.
If you are fortunate enough be there when they have Butterfinger Crunch, you are in for a treat. Try the hot fudge and hot caramel toppings too. The waffle cones are great.
Nothing to write back to mom about.  The only reason i eat here is because it located right downstair from my job.  I eat at Damon's when I am desperate and really don't want to walk any where.  I think their food is over priced a sald with bacon cost $9.00 that's a rip off.
This store is small and doesn't carry alot of items for women or men. It's a waste of time for me everytime.
My wife and I were the only people in the place this Monday night so the service was above and beyond. The Chop Salad was legit, the osso bucco was near perfect. I've paid a lot more for a whole lot less in the past.
Way too many people on this trail. Don't Go!!
Great bar feel. The poppers were delicious and the beer on tap was great. Great service . TV s at every table was a plus. I'll be back on Sunday for football.
Two Gals was great in it's day, but it has been closed for a few years now.
So cute! While I didn't try the food, they had great gluten-free baked goods with a lot of variety. Loved the chocolate chip cookies and the donuts were pretty good too for being gluten-free..
Never got our food, we had to tell the waitress we were leaving then the manager brought our food. At least they didn't charge us.
Clubs, Bars and Hostels \nA college kid's night out dream\nWeekends are crazy
600$ ticket for a flight on an old plane with not even a TV. They try to sell you everything even, different seats have higher prices. Absolutely annoying. They are all getting worse. Horrible customer service.
the rooms are crappy, the bed is really uncomfortable and the walls are paper thin.  \n\nYou get 2 stars for all the free rooms you keep giving me.
Really good food, lunch prices are really affordable. 5 bucks for an entree, fried rice and an egg role. I always get the beef brocolli
Great break from the casino fare.\nGood curry!
Great place for late night food when at NYNY.   Breakfast items and burgers are better than expected for a casino casual diner.
We went to Lawry's on the advice of the concierge at Tuscany, where we were staying. The dinner was fantastic, and server Rhonda was amazing in recommendations. I will be telling all of my friends about this place. Kudos to all...
Best donuts around! I make the trip from Surprise whenever I can. I tell my wife I'd be willing to do a summer internship for the recipe to the yeast raised sugar donuts :-) Seriously if you are ever thinking about retirement make sure that you entrust the recipe to someone who will carry on the tradition.
Run, don't walk, RUN from this company.  Non-responsive and completely inaccessible, I don't suspect these guys will stay in business long.
They opened up another store in Henderson. Its on boulder highway. \n\nDo yourself a favor and shop someplace else for furniture \n\nIf you do make the mistake of shopping here, be prepared for horrific customer service and lots of lies
TERRIBLE service. Arguing employees behind the counter. Not informing customers about current promotions and charging them full prices. Screwing up customer orders and not taking accountability. Long line out the door. I'd rather microwave a pizza than deal with this place again.
Upscale Chilis.  Food is decent, though I was fooled when I ordered a wrap expecting a tortilla wrap and instead got flat bread.  It was still very good, but I wonder what else isn't mentioned on the menu.  Great fries, great service, love the booths.
We have been here twice and have had cold food, rude service ...truly bummed as we were so excited to move close to this country cafe :(
For a quick snack this would be a good place to enjoy as you're waiting for your flight in the Charlotte airport. However I do not recommend the lobster bisque it is very watery yet tasteful very very little lobster. The buffalo shrimp was very heavily breaded and will set your mouth on fire.
Disgusting.\nDangerous.\nDon't go.
Eat here... you wont be disappointed.\n\nSeating, service, surroundings, soups, salads, sides and, of course, steak are ALL phenomenal - period.\n\nObviously, you pay for what you get, but its oh so worth it.
Nothing really special about this location but they are always polite and the food is very consistent.  The facilities are always clean and the service is good.  Great location for a quick, convenient, affordable bite to eat.
Go here for the drinks and the atmosphere and you wont be disappointed.  Dont prder the fish tacos.
Maybe the expectations were too high, but I had a pastrami sandwich and I thought it was quite bland. The only flavors were vinegar and pepper. It was better with hot sauce, but I expected better.
Bad skinny margarita and just o.k. food. \nNot a fan
Manager needs a personality, otherwise food is overpriced crap. This place was good once, not so much anymore. I wish these chains would get it together and stop wondering why business is so slow.
Just had lunch here. The menus, when handed to us, were sticky & filthy. Gross. The place smelled. One person in our group found a hair in his food. Another person was charged for an item she didn't order. Will not go back.
Love it here!  Always unique and slightly dark art.  Definitely a go see if you are in phoenix~
Came here before a show and found the place to be horrible. The pool table was disgusting, the service was non existent, and the speakers were rattling. I would pass on this whole experience and go somewhere else.
I don't know about the cowboy boots but almost everyone of the work boots are made in China. I have been wearing Justin work boots from here for 16 years but now they have hardly any Justins at all and it's the only boot they have that is made in the USA. I am not ready to buy China boots.
AMAZING coffee shop!  Wonderful staff and delicious pastries and drinks!  Came in here one morning while in town visiting family and am so glad  I discovered this place.  I will be coming back again and again :) Thanks Coffee Cantata!!!
Everything bagel with bacon, egg, and cheese hit the spot!  Bagel had good flavor consistency.
Great beer selection.  Not a whole lot of women, but I guess thats not what its all about.  Pool tables in back, nice patio seating, big screen projector for sporting events.  Specials everyday.
Willabys makes me happy. Besides the diner from Pulp Fiction it creates my mental image of a diner. I was home for the holidays and went there as a destination.  The menu hasn't changed. The servers are great. The food takes a little time. Because it's cooked for you.
Closed.....too bad, they had Fantastic food and super low prices....we loved going here.
Great place!! Amazing food and service! We will definitely be back for more. Great bar and atmosphere also. Must check it out
Cute store! Lots of nostalgia to look at. Would have loved to have bought the red ropes but they were near the front window & hard as rocks. Same for some of the taffy I bought. Prices seemed reasonable.
Ok when I want cheap candy and want lots I come here for 1 $ I get 2 chocolate bars, or huge selection of gummy candies! \n\nThe only ick I have here is the cashiers are slow and like to chit chat, and don't give back the correct change.
Water heater pilot light was constantly going out, called MC Plumbing and got a same day service call (no charge).  Adrian showed up on time and provide excellent service on my warranty repair.  Will use MC Plumbing again and will recommend them to friends.
The best sushi I've found in the valley. I can't wait to go back.
This is the best pizza in Vegas . The Garlic knots in the ranch they serve are heaven to the taste buds. In addition the best food the owners are the nicest guys you ever want to meet whether you live there or are just visiting you have to make this place a must.
The worst Mid-East cuisine I've had by far. The service was okay, but the food (couscous) was so bland and had zero flavor. I didn't even like the pita bread. Won't be going back, and I really have no idea why so many people seem to rate it so highly.
My husband and I made a quick stop here while we were walking through Caesar's, and I'm glad we did.  We were immediately taken care of by Ramon - super cool.  I ordered the pub spots.  The spots were tiny but were definitely packing flavor.  We can't wait to return to try something else!
Rokerij is a great spot to get away from Phoenix.  The basement bar/lounge is really unique for Phoenix.  Steve, the bartender, left an excellent impression.\n\nIf you want food after 9:45, you'll need to go elsewhere.  I don't know why they don't stay open later.
Worst dinner in Vegas by far.
Not as good as other malls in Arizona like Scottsdale mall or tempe market place or Chandler mall
A cute tour, but a bit too much on the schlock and and pretend and a little light on real history. It was very cool seeing the streets and houses that used to be above ground, but I wished for more time (and more light!) to see things and more explanation about the history and how they figure things out.
Much like every other Eat 'n Park (3 or 4 stars worth of chain-diner food), except the last five times I've been here, the service has been damn, damn, daaaaaaaamn slow.  It's always fun to see the staff smoking out back while I've waited an hour for some scrambled eggs.
Lovely restaurant with great outdoor seating. I am addicted to the meatball sandwich!
Great service, order at the counter, nice specials, good standards, ok salsa and fun ambiance. I have just never had anything that wowed me or tasted \"just right\" so I gave it three stars.
This review is strictly for their amazing honey toast! I usually go to Ichiza for honey toast and thought it was just \"ok\" but this place made me love honey toast even more! I love it, anyone craving honey toast, this is the place to go!
Salt must have been on back order.
Great place to eat, been coming here for almost ever  :  ) you will love it.
Harold's has THE BEST salad ever!  It has fried chicken, lots of cheese and  french fries.  It basically defeats the purpose of eating a salad.  I love it!  I had never heard of french fries on a salad and even though it may sound weird it's very delicious!
Chicken burrito was good. I'm sure hot sauce would add to the flavor but I don't like hot sauce. Friendly service. The lady serving food was cleaning when not serving customers , which gets an  A++++ in my book.
the view is spectacular, not so much about the food! i ordered sea food scallops lobster shrimps and the lobster was completely over salted! i've had like 3 glasses of water with that meal! very expensive and not worth it!
$6.99 steak and eggs! Decent steak cooked how you like. Toast is buttered, white bread. Also comes with potatoes and eggs. Clam chowder in a sour dough bread bowl is very good!! Service could be better, don't have high expectations.
This is like a fast food PF Changs.  I think it's a bit pricey for what it is.  I ask for them to go light on the sauce as I think they sometimes drown their meals in sauce.  In a pinch, this place is ok.
I picked up a nice computer desk at a really good price here. I absolutely love the unique items that come from all over the world.
Very good cupcakes. I actually really like how light the cake is. Sometimes I wish the specialty flavored had more... Flavor. But I also like how the frosting is really light. They are definitely expensive but I think it's worth it.
Really good pie and really good service! I recommend the Jack Daniels pecan pie, but I've had some of the other pies before and they're all really good!
Had the Chicken Fried Steak... Oh man talk about Yum!   This place does it right,  fast friendly service,  reasonable prices.. They have all the bases coveted and they been doing it a long  time.   It's difficult to please this critic but they did.
Such an amazing view, such a horrible sound system and crowd. At least my drinks and entry were free
It's Starbucks, what all can you really say? Commercial coffee made for people in a breakneck paced world who do not have time or care to look for better coffee. Its all about convenience. However, the cookie dough frap is really good.
Waiting time: less than 10 minutes (check website before arrival); excellent, friendly, competent staff.  The room was like the arctic tundra.  It was so ridiculously, uncomfortably cold.
People love this place.  I am just not a fan of their pizza.  Then again, I am an ex-New Yorker!
I've been to creative nails twice. I won't be going again. The hot stone massage lasted only 2 minutes! My toe nails weren't even filed evenly. I requested a 15 minute extra massage for $15 and I got only 10 minutes of massage I would rate as a 3 out of 10.
This place is great! The care and effort taken to repair the screen on my iPhone 5s was incredible. The prices were reasonable and the selection of accessories was second to none! I will be going back anytime I have any future self induced problems with my phone.
Stayed 10/25/14. It was horrible. Walls were so thin I could hear the guy in the next room throwing up. Could hear our neighbors tv. The fridge was loud and could not be used and our room was stuffy even though we turned the air up it never cooled down! Don't stay here!!!
I am seriously disappointed with the food and service! This WAS the Buffet to come to, now... Easy to replace. \n\nService absolutely disappeared! Our table and the next table went to go find the waitress and our drinks! \n\nVery unfortunate.
This place is completely unprepared at all times. 45 minutes after placing my to-go order; I finally receive my food. Def NOT worth the wait. Overall; I don't recommend Modern Grove & my advice to them would to be hire better &/or more staff.
Great variety.  Great price!  Beats other buffets in the East Valley.
Good burger and fries, sucks the ac didn't work well. If in the area will go back, once it.cools down.
Great place for the family. Lots of birds to watch. Little kids love the train and the carousel. Fun fun fun for the family
I would give 0 star if I could. Place closed for night even we had reservation. I reserved it only day I was in the city. Very angry. No wonder they advertised on Groupon and only have one review.
On my roof is a ten year old solar pool heater. Apparently, some of the matting had become unglued and was noisily flapping around in the wind. The technician from Naylor quickly assessed the situation and completed the work in the same visit. The price was about right and he was on time, even slightly early!
Stopped by for a quick lunch with co-workers.   The Caesar salad and with grilled chicken was a big disappointment;  poor presentation and the chicken tasted like it had been boiled.  Co-workers enjoyed and mac and cheese.
They always have great coupons if you sign up for their mailing list.
Well apparently the prices went up here from June to Sep - since the same service now costs $41 - they offered a $10 coupon this month so that brings the service to $31. I will say they are fast, friendly, and efficient but their pricing is a bit sketch.
Honest and thorough. It's hard to find an honest mechanic that you can trust, well here they are. Haven't had a problem they couldn't fix. Never had to go back to have them recheck their work. M.D is great and Mike is as real as they get. Only wish they were open on Saturdays.
Great place to hang out. One of my fav bars in downtown phoenix. great decor, great music and great drinks!
This is the cream of the crop of what Montreal has to offer. We are very lucky to have such amazing food here and APDC has been a frontrunner for years. I have been a few times and I simply cannot find one bad thing to say about it. Fantastic food, fantastic drinks, fantastic atmosphere.
Best fries in Pittsburgh; the portions are huge - a small order of fries can easily serve two people. I usually get the cheese sauce with the fries - mmm so good! They also have amazing all beef foot long hot dogs!
The tri tip sandwich is delicious. \n\nSweet tea. Bread, honey butter. Wonderful experience.
Salad was old and rotten and when we got our meal my wifes was cold and mine was Soggy, greasy and tasted horriable.. we sent everything back, and still paid $60 for a crappy meal. Great bar but DON'T EAT THERE!!!\"
The service was so friendly, and the food was great.  Florence is not where I expected such a great place to be located.
Best fro-yo place I've been! Delicious flavors, tons of toppings, happy employees, wonderful price. Thanks!
This place is pretty nice to drink at. The atmosphere is nice, you can actually talk with your friends since the music is kept at a reasonable volume, and the drinks are reasonably priced (ordered a martini and an old fashioned and paid $17 before tip.
Food was great... Service could be way better. Waited 15 min for a beer and soda.  Another server dropped off our drinks. Didn't see our server long periods of time.  Overall I am a fan, probably ask for a different server.
The best way to describe the food is average.  I've never had anything here that struck me as particularly good or bad.
One of the best \"locals\" hotel/casinos. Great location with one of the best buffets around. Easy parking access and always very clean inside and out. Been here for breakfast, lunch, dinner and outdoor concerts.
I really wish Jimmy Johns would open some locations in Los Angeles.  It is a great lunch option.  The sandwiches are flavorful and filling.  The bread is quality and the toppings are fresh.  The staff at this location was friendly and quick.
Worst \"high end\" shopping experience of my life. Terrible service and bad attitudes. Not to mention the return policy is a joke. I thought sold as is, no refunds was a policy of dollar stores and swap meets. Spend your money elsewhere. Overpriced, bad quality, bad service.
Miss Jan, is the sweetest lady around. I can always find what I need there. Also, she always seems to come through with poducts and/or ideas!!
I ordered the sizzling rice soup as a bowl and the server failed to tell us that if we got the combo meal it would come with soup. Then after we already ordered the soup I asked if we could cancel it and just get combos and the manager said no. Terrible customer service. I will never be back.
Horrible place. Wouldn't come back. Didn't even order food since the lady didn't feel like taking our order. We were waiting to order our food for 25 minutes....so boyfriend and I left.
Love this place! Great happy hour and always such a good vibe! Not to mention one of my favorite bartenders works here! Service is always great, food is always good and I love that it is so close to home!
In addition to Costco Car Wash, this is the best we've ever seen ... awesome customer service.  Clean as a whistle, modern equipment, great layout, and terrific employees.  Next to Sun City Grand and so close there is never a reason to go anywhere else.
nothing great
This is one of the good dimsum places in Las Vegas.
Gas station McDonalds!  Well they keep it fairly clean inside, and there's minimal seating, and the drive-thru moves fairly quickly.  Plus you can get gas while you're there.  Had a couple errors on my orders but they're fast at breakfast time.
The happy hour here is fantastic.  I had a really good salmon sandwich, that was the best most affordable meal I had while I was in Vegas.  At first I was a little annoyed that you had to sit at the bar to get the happy hour price, but the bartender was totally cool and engaging.  I would recommend.
Glad this place is still around.  Haven't been there recently, but this was a great spot to stop at after work for a beer and a burger.  I think they were under $5 with fries and beers were cheap as hell.  Quarter pool.  Good times. Nothing fancy.
Gave one star because I had to give something, don't let Bianca take your order because she doesn't know the menu. I had to take my food back 3 times before they got it right.
Rude and horrible service - plus food is just so so. Find another location.
Friendly staff. . All except for one ...\nThe looks like he don't give a ....\nIs ironic how the red shirt \" rockys \"\nAre so nice .....
Went tonight, what a wonderful place!  Asian, Hawaiian, fusion. Great use of fresh, tasty ingredients. Inspired sauces, that will delight your palate. I can't wait to go back.
Take it from a real foodie, this place is terrible. If you have any food standards, you won't spend your money here. \n\nWicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan had much better quality and the presentation was even better. \n\nOvercooked seems to be the theme and overall just very subpar quality.
All around horrible. The store is absolutely gorgeous but the entire staff is snobby and rude.
Good food... Terrible service.. \nCashier was rude when we were paying for the buffet.. And when we got to the table, our server didn't bother to ask us if we want to have some drinks til we were done with our 2nd round of plates.. Terrible service...
Awesome facility, tons of space, great coaches always there to teach you to do it right. Best decision I've made in fitness.
Waited forever for a table instead of sitting outside in the sweltering heat. After an hour, our table opened up only right before we sat our asses down, another server came to tell us she had already reserved the table for someone else. WTH!
Such cheap drinks! Its a great place to start with your friends before you hit the clubs. Its also good for big groups to pregame at.
Excellent service, food, and interior. Upscale hawaiian-fusion.
Excellent waiters, nice and clean tables and floor. Good food portions.decent prices. Food is delicious and fresh. Beer was excellent .
This is my favorite coffee shop around. The staff are pleasant and the coffee is always made perfectly to order. There are plenty of comfortable chairs and even a couch to lounge on and of course free wi-fi. When it gets warm I love to sit outside and soak in the warm sun on the patio.
This location has closed down.
Yesturday was my first time going to Tumbleweed Center.  I liked it alot!  I took beginners Zumba!  I will definitely go again!
Gabe is worth the wait! He's the best.. The TVs all work and they're always playing a good funny action packed movie! Not to mention how friendly everyone is! I won't be going anywhere anytime soon. Unless all my hair falls off!
Food was very good, very big portions. A good value for the money. Our waiter Ishmael was excellent.
Very casual and everything is ridiculously cheap and flavorful. Best fast food Mexican bar none. Closed Sundays!
This place has gone downhill. The rumor is that Immigration raided the place and took the cooks away. Since then the menu has been reduced to a few basic offerings. Too bad, as the setting is kinda cool, but you could find better.
Buffet variety is excellent. Taste is average by Indian food stds.
This is my new wax spot!!! Shannon is amazing and I will never go anywhere else again!!! It's affordable and Shannon works with my crazy schedule so well!! I highly recommend Shannon!
I LOVE this place! The chai tea is better than Starbucks!! The girls here are always super friendly and try to remember their customers!  Give it a try you will love it!
Don't waste your time. I brought 5 girls in and they treated us like crap. I left right away. Plenty of other good places to go it you don't like elitist prick bouncers.
We just had a takeout pizza and salad, and both are very, very good.
While staying at the Legacy golf resort we ordered take out, just some appetizers and a dessert. The crab cakes, quesadillas and chocolate cake were very good. The fried calamari were just OK. The staff was nice and the food was ready pretty quick, although the restaurant wasn't very busy when I went in.
\"We'll have that ready for you in about 20 minutes.\" HA 20 minutes. Add another 60 to that statement then it'll be correct. Never again. This place sucks.
I called and was able to get a same day appointment with Amelia. She did my Brazilian and it was so fast and easy...I think I was done in 15minutes. She didn't try and sell me anything just made some suggestions....I will be back.
We won't take our two cars anywhere else. They are honest and the customer service is awesome. That is difficult to find in Las Vegas. I will never service my cars at the dealership again.
Mediocre food at best and overpriced.
fun joint, right on the strip you can people watch, get hammered, DJ booth coming soon right on the patio \"I heard\" this is a deff go to place during the summer!
Great food and great service.  You should try it.
My husband and I come here occasionally with his parents for a nice hearty breakfast on the weekend. We always can expect great service and full stomachs. I usually opt to get an omelette of some sort and am never unsatisfied. It does get busy here though, so be prepared to wait on a weekend morning.
Good work done by Ryan & Chapo! My G37 Sound even better after their custom exhaust installed. A+
I prefer Target over Walmart anyday but this Target was dirty and the customer service was horrible.
Pretty decent bar, with a few pool tables. Their best feature was the multiple coffee tables surrounded by 4 tall backed leather chairs. Very comfortable for a small to medium group to hang out and have a few drinks.\n\nService was good, and prices were reasonable.
Beh. Terrible burgers.  Never coming back. Don't waste your time - Madison has plenty of good burger places that would easily rival Bombers. 5 guys is 10 times better.
Amazing. Great price, yummy drinks...awesome test tube shots sticking out! What more could you want in Vegas...great place if you want a cool refreshing buzz for a decent price!
Horrible venue, workers have terrible attitudes, they pat you down and take random belongings like you're automatically a criminal for going to a show.  Over-priced for sure.  I will have to really really want to see a band before I buy more tickets for this place.
Horrible customer service and when I talked to the manager she apologized but you can tell she didn't care.
Ate here again when back in Vegas and I must say I'm so embarrassed I took my mom here! I don't know what happened since our last visit here but it was awful this time and we won't be going back! Too bad we will just have to find another sushi spot when we visit Vegas.
Called them up this morning and they got me in by 230.  Extremely clean shop and very friendly.  I had no idea how to describe what I wanted but Craig did a fantastic job and I love my haircut.  Very reasonably priced.  Will definitely be returning.
This place is HUGE with tons of tables. We always have a good time and find good people and dealers to sit with. If you're not a gambler, I don't know what you'd think of the place, but we're fans!
Great burgers.
Shawn and his team are great. He always has an answer for your questions and sold my house quickly. I will continue to use them in the future.
meat has no flavor. black beans were hard...
Grub, great breakfast.  Check it out
Pancakes were really fluffy and sweet. I also loved the Hawaiian/breakfast food combo. I ordered a spam, rice, and mac salad with a side of blueberries pancakes. Sounds weird but its yummy. Great place for breakfast!
I am really hard to please and I was very impressed. The remodel is great. There are lots of different areas inside and outside where you can enjoy all the TVs and music. I love the food, the service was outstanding\nand I really liked the books all over the place. I can see myself hanging here a lot.
gut sortierte Buchhandlung mit nettem Personal.
Oh I forgot David and matt always get it right thanks guys
Love their tonkatsu and fried noodles.  They also make malasadas and cocoa puffs and definitely the place for poke in the 702.
This place is so neat!!!  We stopped in on a Saturday for a couple of beers & the bartender was so sweet, thorough and knowledgable.  The decor makes you feel as if you are out of town and they have giant tvs.  Prices were a bit high but the menu looked interesting.  We will be back!!
Our dogs love Smelly Dog. The guys that own it are fantastic. When our pups are a little nervous, they will offer them some chicken jerky. \n\nTheir prices are great and their service is even better!
Great location but not the best decor. Under renovation now so it may be better in a year.
This is a great place to stay!  Just got back from a weekend here, and it is in a great location on the strip, we got the room for a good price, and I thought the casino downstairs was pretty fun.  The staff is also very nice, especially since they bring you lots of free drinks when you're gambling!
This place is a complete waste of money.  They prowl on poor vulnerable people that are desperate to make changes in their life but once they have your money you don't hear from them again unless you fit there creeper Vegas mold.  Would give them negative stars if I could.
Best (only) Italian food in Florence, AZ!\n\n Pretty good food, decent casual setting. Good attentive service. Alcohol is kinda expensive, but no biggie.  The bread sticks have lots of good garlic.  All in all, a good meal in a small town.
Great NY pizza...
Excellent ambient, nice place. Good food
If you ever get the chance to go to the opening night gala, take advantage!  Free drinks, great food from some of the best restaurants, and some of the best cars you'll ever see.  Scottsdale at its best!
The tanning they offer is good and the place looks nice. We just found their staff to be a bit rude and I don't spend money at places where employees act that way. Not likely to visit here again.
I sued these people and won. Please make sure you take pictures when you move in and when you move out! Office is full of kids that have no idea what they are doing. Check out their reputation with the BBB.
I came for a pedicure and I won't be going back. The water was way too hot and she did a poor job. Also, i felt rushed. I've definitely had better from other places.
Love the pizza but gave it a one star for the customer service lady at the register was rude
Cafe Myriade is a small unassuming cafe but they serve a nice selection of coffee and Black Cat espresso.  Nice selection of pastries as well.  The smaller setting is welcoming.
takeout is fast! sat in to eat before and they were friendly, we ordered the lunch specials and it came with a can of pop. fast and cheap! you might have to ring the bell a few times to get noticed though :P
Probably the worst meal I had in Phoenix. I usually don't expect much of airport food and I understand that it is more expensive that food almost anywhere else. But this was absurd. Really bland food, ridiculously expensive beer, and just a bad experience. Don't eat here.
Close to home and the food has always been on point.   I usually watch the games at home but when I go out I watch here ..customer service has always been good for me and the wings are very good
Nice Facility. But most of the staff is very rude. Especially the lady in the reception and batting cage.
Decent hotel and experience.  Rooms are starting to show some wear and tear.  Hotel rooms will need a refresh soon
This was the worst service ever. Food. (Hamburger ) tasted like meat it was left outside.  Now I know why I don't go to BWW anywhere food and service sucks \nI would never recommend BWW to anyone
I really like this gym. Always clean when I go. Nice amount of people around 2-4 gets busy around 7-9. The afternoon venyassa yoga class was nice, great instructor. Not as intimate as other yoga classes but great for gym yoga. Love this gym.
Easy in and out. Really wish there were more vegan, and organic products. For that reason, I find more items of my need at sprouts and whole foods. Wish I could come here more.
Orange Theory is a place that kicks your ass and you like it!\n\nThe trainers here are knowledgeable and help you push yourself. The facility is clean and there is usually plenty of parking. It is a little pricier than your normal gym, but I guarantee you will push yourself harder and see results faster at this place.
Probably one of the better picks in Vegas. I would give it a 4/5 in comparison to other Vegas joints. Meat was cooked to perfection - beef fillet gets 5/5!!! Lobster Bisque was tasty, though a bit salty...\nGood traditional french food.
Subway at the airport, awes.....\nWhoa, $10.99 for my favorite turkey footlong? I don't think so. My bag of snacks will make a better meal than whatever subways ridiculous inflated prices will. I'll pass thanks.
Great store with good discounts on quality products.
The main reason I come to EPL is for cheap and quick meals. Their chicken is on point! The Avocado Salsa and Creamy Cilantro Dressing are also noteworthy. They're unique to El Pollo Loco. Good chicken needs good sauce too!
Their patio had a great view of the strip, and the live band and dancer was pretty cool. My husband and I were not very impressed with the food though. It seems like a great place to go for a drink, but maybe skip dinner here.
Came here to eat on a random day I had sushi and my gf had a salad. The sushi was great and my gf really liked her salad plus the service was very good. This location is new ans the inside of the restaurant is amazing.
It took us many years to find a spot we enjoyed in Charlotte for breakfast. We got picky after living in San Diego for three years. Toast is excellent. Fast service and great food
Picked  up a voucher for one hour massage and loved it. Friendly staff and set up typical of a traditional Thai massage spa. Worked top to toe using oils but options available without oil. Every muscle now feels fluid and relaxed. One of the best massages I have ever had and will definitely be back
Everything about Monte Carlo seems dull. The various shades of grays and browns reinforce that. The table layout is okay, but the tables were packed and understaffed. They had cheap entertainment playing good music, but more of a runway model than a dancer. Still seemed lifeless. Think this is a more upscale version of Imperial Palace/Quad.
Had the chicken salad sandwich and was not impressed. Bread was whatever. Setting is cool but I probably won't be back. Expected more from these yelp ratings.
Loved the server and California chicken club was filling, bit overpriced but would go back again
Very clean, friendly staff, decent prices. I paid only $22 for a full set of acrylic and they looked great! They also have great spa chairs for pedis inclufing a hot rock massage.
Good food, friendly folks.  We eat there about once a week.
I have been here several times because the location is close to home. The food is usually hit and miss. Service is NEVER good. Also...how can you have an English pub and not have English beer.
Back a year later and they are still as good as ever.
This place was a food refuge after being trapped with Kady's at the Riv.  The food was always great, from the massive breakfast portions, to the decent steak offerings.  The drinks were always decent, with a good pour of liquor, not the light handed stuff you get at the hotel bars.  Service was always prompt and friendly.
Best Pot Roast ever!!! The wifey and I are definitely coming back...I'm going to try the Roasted Pork Shoulder next visit.\n\nThe place is awesome, and the service is outstanding.  The owner/Chef Jeff is very welcoming and Bretton provided stellar service!
seriously the worst place i have ever been too . the worst service ever and sushi sucks .... same with there nasty sauces ew
Overpriced, scallops were rubber.  The circus at the table was entertaining though
Crap place that screwed up my rims on my brand new Jetta last year and would not take responsibility for it. Will not go back!
Rubio's is on the corner. It is inexpensive. The food is ok. Nothing to get excited about.
Bad Attitude is awesome!  They have great quality corsets and a ton of other fun items to wear...accessories, shoes, pantyhose, costumes, and the prices are great!  The staff is always so friendly and fun! :)
Seriously...a great hotel, has a ton of amenities, but NO WiFi in the rooms?!?! are you serious??\n\nThe gym is quality, the restaurants are passable, but -1 star for no free WiFi, what is this?? 2009???
As a Scottsdale Foodie & blogger I\nVote Posh as #1! Best food and drinks you could ask for. Unique, customized to your taste, fresh, in season and more than you expect!
I thought that the Ceviche was amazing, so fresh and delightful!  I also loved the beans!  Excellent quality and so so fresh!
Service is terrible at this location. We saw several people leave because their food was taking to long. Took forever for a server to take our order and had to wait to check out. Won't come back to this location.
Today we came in sat down we're ordering and a roach walked across our table in broad daylight.  Fucking disgusted. It's ridiculous that all our waiter had to say was sorry guys.
My experience with the uptown amphitheater was pretty good. Arrived at 6 to start moving people in 6:30. The lawn section is within about 50 yards of the stage but boy do they need to mow their grass the day of a concert. Basically forces you to rent out the lawn chairs they have.
Gotta Love the Leaf! Great atmosphere to smoke a great stick, watch sports, talk or just hang. Its like the modern day Cheers...a place you can come where everyone knows your name! Love giving my boys Louie and Edgar a hard time but they help create the great experience!
My husband had linguine with clams...very very good! I had meatball pizza...best i ever had..crust was perfection! We also ordered house salads which were incredibly fresh and tasty!! Would go back to Vegas just for this place!
I gave it three stars because of the slow cook times, in spite of there being very few people initially. \nBUT! The manager was very friendly!\nOur steak was excellent
This is a really special restaurant in Montreal. I had a delicious, relaxing meal here. The staff was gracious and welcoming. And the food was wonderful. The restaurant's atmosphere is cozy and elegant, and it's off a little side street in Old Montreal. A bit more expensive than some options, though I really enjoyed it.
Fun Bloody Mary bar! Good varied brunch menu. I really liked the healthy start white egg omelet with spinach & chicken sausage. Corned beef hash was good with potato pancake. The hangover was like tamale with pork carnitas very different & good flavor big portion.
I am from Spain and I am a foodie.   This place rocks.  Six stars out of five.  Better than sex (almost).  I would write details, but I gotta get back to the food.
The food was good. The music sucks! The service was very, very slow. There are more employees than customers while we were there, but strangely very, very slow.
My gf and I went in here the other day pretty much on a whim.  Its a great little place.  The girl working was very nice and friendly and made us feel welcome.  My gf found a jacket that she loves.  We also got a pretty sweet candle.
I LOVED my experience here! The staff was super friendly, knowledgeable and entertaining. The shop was clean and not crowded, plus the food was superb. My party and I enjoyed everything about this restaurant, especially the boba tea. If you're looking for a great bite with an awesome atmosphere - try them for sure!
My 4yo daughter and I went in for pedicures, the staff fawned over her! She was in heaven with all the attention. They painted her fingernails too, and added designs. The whole experience ended up costing $55. For both of us! Not sure how. But we had a nice time.
Great product and awesome customer service.
Great service, cute atmosphere, and delicious coconut shrimp! Can't wait to come back and try more!!
Excellent food, decor, service all with a great view.  Best food we have had in Vegas period.
While I'm writing this review, I'm still in sugar factory waiting for a table. I've been waiting for about an hour and not one hostess even bothered telling us how much longer. My girlfriend and I just sat looking at the bellhop hoping to get called.
We had memelas, tacos and a gigantic torta. All delicious and AUTHENTIC. Great place if you want real Mexican food (not Tex Mex).\nWe'll be back.
Cute patio with nice misters, good food, and great service. I am a fan. Tried the mouth watering osso busco and petite chicken. The sweet rolls and butter were also delicious. Cute local restaurant.
Went there Saturday night and while it was cool to go there and see the place there was really nothing to see since the guys were not there and most of the stuff is way over priced in my opinion, so I only spent about 5 minutes in the place.\n\nThey should use some of their money for a remodel.
The 509 Cafe no longer serves lunch or breakfast
I was delayed at this airport and I must say I was really happy to see a spa there. I got a 20 minute massage for $30 and it was worth every minute.
Place is old, smells and both times i have went cars had been broken into in the parking lot. The skates are falling apart and staff really do not care.  Surprised this place isnt closed.
A nice place for locals to go for cheap breakfast!
Amazing. Hands down one of the best donut shops in Vegas. Everything is fresh and delicious. Support your local small businesses!
Julie definitely came to the rescue the night before my cousin's wedding! She was very reasonable and extremely efficient.
Always great and friendly.  Just celebrated their 20 th anniversary and 1,000,000 pie.  Well deserved success. Best pizza in Charlotte..
Walked in. No customers. One girl was taking a phone order while the other employee just stared at the tv. We asked if he could take our order. He mumbled something then went back to staring at the tv. We began to leave and he didn't even acknowledge that we were leaving. Stay far away from this place!
Always have to wait a good amount of time for my room. Last visit, there was wine on the bed  when I got to my room. Nice hotel and was hoping for a better visit this time around. Needless to say I have plenty of time to yelp because I'm waiting AGAIN!!
Excellent beer menu and beer flights. Still allows cigars in the bar. I had the muffaletta they have the meats right but the bu and olive spread are not really well suited for a muffaletta sandwich. They would be better off calling it an Italian sandwich. The fries were awesome and the service was excellent.
HOW SAD! If you yelpers don't give Mcdonalds 5 stars you are on crack this place is Gods gift to the world! Long live the Big Mac!
Not worth potentially getting robbed for. Our wings were fried pretty hard and the sauce was kinda nasty.
Our favorite place in Pittsburgh for Thai food! Service is excellent!!! We're kind of regulars now and we always get lucky to be served by this white guy who is awesome and polite. Their food is a little expensive but its so good. Try their tum yum veggie soup!!!! My favorite!
The food was okay. The crumb cake they serve hot was amazing but the eggs Benedict was just average.
We have eaten here three times now and the food is decent. The only complaint that I have is the size of the containers used to put salsa in. When I asked the girl if I could get a larger container she rudely said no.
Great little coffee bar!\n\nIt was packed when I was there, and they were still able to make my drink fast. They make one delicious caramel macchiato.
Sat at the bar and had a blast.  Food was great and Smitty and MG were awesome.  Had the Strip Steak and Fries, grabbed some peppers to put on too.  Was Very good.\n\nHighly recommend!
Nice ambiance, food was okay but very pricey.
They need to fire that bitch Ashleigh. ...I did not tip you today because of the stuck up bitch attitude you had with me & with the mother and her sons before me.
These guys have the best scallops I've tasted in a landlocked area! I don't know how they do it. House Noodles with Scallops is a must try!!
A little confusing for the first trip, but nice after you figure out the ordering system. Been here twice so far. Sandwiches are good.  Definitely try the brownie if you like sweets.
Good!!!
Good food... worst service on earth.   Staff has no idea what is in their food.   Manager argued when we got bill with multiple errors.   Too bad we will never go back because of horible experience because food was pretty good.  Walked out shaking our heads at how poorly trained the staff is.
I love Old Chicago but not this one. Pizza was over cooked and not as good of quality I would come to expect from Old Chicago
I like the doctors that I've seen thus far.  The staff up front is hit and miss.  Either they are great and friendly and helpful or rude, dismissive, and annoyed that you are there trying to pay a leave.  Don't really like dealing with them to much but its worth it for the care my dogs get.
Disappointing. Had the brisket sandwich and Mac and cheese. The meat tasted like what you would find in a deli at the grocery store, did not seem smoked. The Mac and cheese was grainy from some reason. Staff was nice but don't think I will be back.
I agree with RJ - the 5 star review and the posted photos appears to be from the restaurants GM per their Facebook page. \nThat's not good Yelp etiquette.
Best sandwiches in Las Vegas! Awesome choices and completely customizable. Don't forget an order of fresh cut potato chips or fries seasoned to your liking. Top it off with a perfect dill pickle... Heaven!
the food is great and authentic, reasonly priced. We had the royal couscous and it was amazing. the sevice was very good. Definatly coming back again...
Mediocre at best and highly overpriced... If it was half the price I would have been satisfied but absolutely nothing was fresh!
Great local place.  Great for a fast breakfast/lunch or a relaxing one.  The pancakes are stellar.  They're even better than Original Pancake House.  Seriously.  They're made from scratch and always perfect.  Very good prices for perfect portions.
Typical Wendy's menu. They don't have a breakfast menu just their usual menu. I asked for a small soda and got charged $1.99 for a fountain drink that on their sign says $1.50. Watch out their sneaky..
Great place,  Family friendly.  Loved the dinning room with the waterfall.  Had an excellent selection for its buffet. Customer service was friendly.  For Marriott rewards member, buffet was included unlike the Desert Ridge which nickled and dimed you on everything.
Much better than Starbucks. Their ice blended drinks are far superior\n\nJust a more comfortable atmosphere. Better during selection.
Sushi here is average, no better than what you can get from the cooler at harris teeter. Overpriced drinks are even more over priced and service is sub par
This is deserving of a solid five stars!  The steaks were incredible, the side dishes such as Fleming's Potatoes and the Mac & Cheese were awesome. \n\nService was spot on and exactly as I would expect from a fine steak house.  Worth a return visit on any day of the week!
This was my first time trying the place, the food is good and the fruit is fresh!!! I will totally be back!!!
I would give this place 3.5 star rating if I could. Above average quality for buffet. Lots of choices, and even they had a lot of choices of asian food and dessert. Not worth the 1.5 hours waiting though, imo.
Great Location. Great Food. Fast service. Cant complain about a thing. Im glad there is a Culver's near my home in Paradise Valley. Will return for future visits.
Just a typical dive bar. The staff has better things to do than deal with you, the food is blah. And it's just dark and dingy. If you feel like life's got you down and you want to wallow in despair, stop on by and have a few.
*update, don't waste your time checking in to get the free breadsticks.\n\nGuy taking order was kinda rude about it saying they don't honor it
Very frequent customers, at least once a month. Great food, spotty service but will always go back for the Mizithra Cheese! Try to call ahead for a table, especially with a large party.
SHAME ON NV ENERGY.\n\nThat's all.  I don't feel like I need to say anything else.  This is probably the most hated company I have ever seen, and they deserve every bit of the criticism.
I have been looking for great sushi in AZ and this place fits the bill...plus a lot more. The food was outstanding. Service was great. I go there a lot and have never been disappointed
Hands down best nail salon in the Ballantyne/Blakeney area! Relaxing atmosphere, incredibly clean and exceptionally friendly staff. I have visited nearly every nail salon in the area, and they are by far the best! I highly recommend Allure for those who are looking for an above average experience.
It was my first time at SMG, and also my last. It was my last because the chairs are SOOO uncomfortable. Sitting in my car is more comfortable than the stiff office chairs you get. Not impressed. I did not try the food, because I figured if it sucked as bad their chairs, it wasn't worth trying.
This location is inside Planet Hollywood Casno.Always good service. I like to sit at the bar for a quick fix. Seasonal Menu is always worth a look along with the standard menu. Consistently open late.
It was delicious!!! Best BBQ in town. This is a new favorite. We will def be coming back .  Probably more frequently than we should!
This was a good restaurant but the menu has been downgraded to Bar Food, too bad as this was our go-to place when out on the lake.
Amazing - the slowest service EVER.  Great smoothies - but the worst service.  Waited 12 minutes for ONE drink.  CRAZY! Absolutely no urgency - management seriously needs to improve on the way they do business.  Unacceptable.
Amazing deals during Happy Hour! The rest of the time this place is just overpriced with poor to average service and an identity crisis. They try to push it like it's a nightclub way too hard some nights. If they stuck to their roots of being a laid back bar from Florida it would get 4 stars. They can always change policy.
Best shaved ice I've had in a long time!! The vanilla topping makes all the flavors taste sooo yummy! Open late and prices are very fair.
I go here because the prices are the best around and it's close to home. I've found that the later you go the stranger the crowd gets!
I stayed here once during the '08 campaign. \n\nThat's enough candor for one review.
A bang for your buck. The $9 fajitas with rice beans chips and a margarita was great. Come hungry because it is enough food for two meals!
Why no power for recharging?  You gotta get with the times and add power. Every seat needs a plug. EVERY. People sitting on the floor along walls is super lame. And it's about 82 degrees in here. Have you not heard of AC? Get with it Vegas Airport.
They gave me a solid quote and replaced my axels! I needed new tires and they helped me price out good ones on the cheap. Love it.\n\n10/10 will be back.
Terrible service. I placed an order for pick up, but once I made it to the restaurant to pick up my lunch, I ended up waiting another ten minutes. The worst part of it was that when I got home, I realized that they forgot to give me my pita bread. I haven't been back since.
It's nice to see all the old signs. Learned more than I wanted to know about sign making. The tour guide was very informative.
I come here on occasion, usually with coworkers for lunch during the week.  I have always enjoyed the food here.  The lunch specials are great and the chips and salsa are always plentiful and warm.  I will definitely return when in the mood for Mexican food.
Beautiful environment, great therapeutic massage, wonderful customer service... I highly recommend Elements.
Fries are always stale. The ribs were unappetizing. I've eaten here before and the atmosphere is always great for families and sports. But the food has always been subpar.
I won't come back here.  My steak was mediocre, the waitress was downright rude to the point of rolling her eyes when my girlfriend was asking what fat free salad dressings they had.  Their are far better places to eat in the area.
Dont be fooled by this outlet price is way too high if your gona drive and waste your time money and gas knock yourself out this place blows and suck ass ive seen the same clothes and shoes at nordstrom rack right by my house for a lot cheaper and close to my house lolz
when the harley dealer tells you they dont want to help you with pre evolution parts go to cecil. Great prices and knowledge of the older stuff. He helped out alot when I was building a basket cast 76 xlh. by far the best in vegas.
my iPhones were broken and the 2 phones were fixed in about 1 1/2 hours. great service and very pleased with the ease and speed. definitely recommend it!!
Average Canadian Chinese food. The serving size is very generous and the food is cheap. \n\nDinner for \"n\" is the best deal out there if you want food/dollar. A good quick fix for university students, as well as the fact that the service is quite fast.
Four pieces of delicious fried chicken, steak fries, home-made slaw, pint of house IPA, $9.99, including tax.
Way over priced. Carne asada lacked flavor. You can always can tell how authentic the food will be by the salsa. The salsa was fresh out of the can. However the mojitos and fiedo soup where very good.  Casa don Juan restaurant is way better them this place.
this place is awesome for all you can eat. the sushi is fresh and they have the best home made desserts.
Great store. Staff is professional and friendly.  Only downfall, during the summer,  upon entering the store, it smells funky. I cannot describe the smell, just I recommend they clean their A/C ducts??
three-and-a-half star food at five star prices. it's not a *terrible* place, but you can find better food at better prices elsewhere on the strip. keep looking.
The buffet is well worth the price!  My kids had a great time picking out which freshly scooped icecream they wanted after their meal and the choices were endless there!  Great staff too!
Amazing atmosphere.  Terrific service and drinks.  The food is good but not out of this world, thats the only reason its not a 5 star.  Great place to take somebody you want to impress.
Great outdoor bar at The Mirage. We hungout here twice during our recent trip to Vegas. Great music, great drinks & great service. Need I say more? :)
These people are great, hard working, and very trust worthy. I would trust them with my house any day.
I say to those who doubt that Vegetarian food can be tasty! Try the Vegetarian Fastfood Restaurant if you don't like it, well you ordered the wrong meal.\n\nThe Pad Thai is superb!
I was not impressed. I got the most rushed, least detail oriented pedicure I've ever had. It wasn't very crowded, no one was waiting for my chair, so there was no reason for them to put so little effort into my nails.
Went back again and had great service and food. We tried different menu items and left satisfied again.
Intimate ambiance with loads of old school, steak house charm.  This restaurant is a diamond in the rough on a busy stretch of South Blvd.  Go and enjoy your favorite cut of steak and rest assured that the service will be impeccable.
I take everyone that comes to visit me to Cajun Queen!  From the great food (my favorite is the bbq shrimp and bread to dip into the sauce), to the live jazz and great service, this is a restaurant not to be missed!
I love this place.  I go to Lisa Olsen for my haircuts.  She is awesome.  I have been with Lisa for over 2 years now.  I go in and show her few pictures of what I like.  She cuts my hair in her style that will work with my facial structure.  Love LISA!
I've been coming here for years! I enjoy the pizza a lot. I like how crispy the bottom crust is. As long as things don't change you can expect to see me back time after time!
Best elephant ears in the Universe!\n\nYour pal,\nWalter
Not consistent since the place was sold. I would drive a few miles and go to Yao's. A much better place.
Literally the best tamales I have ever stuffed in my face (no joke). I will definitely be going back.
When I was attending the Conservatory of Recording Arts at the Tempe campus I would often run next door to Princess during a break to grab a sandwich. These people rock. Super friendly staff, great food, reasonable prices. Highly recommended!! The chicken kabob sandwich is my personal favorite.
Great food. Amazing beer and wine selection. Awesome atmosphere. What more could ya ask for?
The food was fresh and the service was quick. My small salad was large and fresh. The ciabatta sandwich was also fresh and tasty. I will be back.
My coffee is always sooo bitter and burnt. I find myself going back if I'm pressed for\ntime and need to utilize the drive-thru for convenience. Eek!
Do not use this company if you can avoid it.  We contracted with them to monitor several industrial buildings and when we sold one of them, they held us over a barrel to buy out their equipment (after we had paid WELL over the value). Read your lease carefully with these people.
Wait took FOREVER, and parking is a bear. Bottom line, I won't be going back here on my lunch break....   which they made me late for.
Bellagio was one of the best hotels in Vegas up until MGM bought Mirage Resorts.  Now, you get the same level of service and value as you would with any other MGM property.  Which is just fair.\n\nUnfrotunately, the price has not changed from 5 years ago....
I've been there several times trying various menu items and all have been good. The Chicken Fried Rice (I always start with this on my 1st time in) was flavorful and had lots of chicken and vegetables. I have moved on to Pepper Steak and Mongolian Beef and a few others and they have all been quite tasty.
Agree with everyone' s negative comments here! We were stuck overnight because of a cancellation. Cost us $500 more for hotel, food, and cab rides because they cancelled on us for a flight from LAS to ORD @5:25pm. If we were dead we would not fly Spirit!
Terrible service!!!! They will give every excuse in the world as to why they can't clean it same day!! Even when I called to make sure they could before I got there!!!
Disgusting,  slow and pathetic.  Takes phone orders before the people standing in front of them.  Food is subpar.  Skip unless starving
Get Dorian as your guy.  He has got the skill to make you think have fun and make a difference. He makes dining fun.  Make sure you ask for the BIG D.  Dorian.  Dorian.  Say hey   Kimberly will get you straight.  She makes everything fun.  What a nice evening.
Never go to polished again. They don't wash their materials, which can give you a fungus. Also if you ever have noticed they don't talk to you at all. Instead they talk to the other workers in some language you can't even understand. This place stinks
Service was a little on the slow side, but the food made up for it!
Thomas Keller once again proves he can indeed do French cuisine and do it well. Wonderful wine list, cuisine to die for and exceptional service. A must try when in Vegas. Thanks Andy. La grande bouffon.
I loved the chopped salad, the buttermilk chicken, and the peanut butter dessert.  So many different flavors that blended so well.  The service was AWESOME, with a perfect atmosphere.  You won't regret coming here!
Really good wings! Definitely more pricy than other places, but wings are huge. Good flavor and cooked just right. Food takes a while to come out, but you can't rush perfection. Staff was decently friendly but thats why I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5.
Great Happy Hour prices.  Amazing Sweet Potato Chips.
The place was clean & the salsa bar was nice. My chicken quesadilla was very good, but my husband's enchiladas were bland & not very filling. He went back to order some tacos & they were the tiniest tacos we had every seen. Over all not a great experience.
Good menu, reasonably priced. A couple of good selections, as far as wine (but check the freshness)\nOut in the middle of nowhere with lots of construction. Forget the GPS for now
Love this place!!!!  Hip and different for AZ.  Panannis -yum.  Cake slices will definitely blow your diet!  And then, of course, there's the great tea.  Service is sometimes slow...generational perspective-perhaps... ;-)
Worst service EVER!!!!! Not only did they mess up my order but the manager was a jerk. He did not say sorry for messing up my order and gave me a dirty look. Ill NEVER go there again
The service techs here are always courteous, knowledgable and in my experience honest.\n\nI love the Discount Tire warranty which is relatively inexpensive and has saved me plenty of cash  as I tend to blow out the sidewalls of the tires on my F150.  I highly recommend this location.
Okay so as I was eating it I was loving it. So tasty...but then about an hour later I was sick. I won't give you the gory details, but I definitely won't be going there again.
Great neighborhood bar with decent wings. I don't come here for the social scene, but enjoy the food and big screen TVs.
This is the worst McDonalds I have ever been to. I have come here twice and each time they mess up my order. They can't speak English which is probably why they can't get my order right. The play place has no doors so the kids just run around everywhere. Don't go here and waste your hard earned money.
An older Holiday Inn that's basically clean but room seemed loud on side of pool. Also wifi signal was very poor. Breakfast was average but a decent price.  On a good note all the staff were friendly and helpful
Really overpriced and the worst coffee I have ever had. I am a coffee grower and I was just amazed at how bad the coffee was.
Ok I swear I tried to like this place first it took 25 min to get my three tacos and nachos then my nachos where soggy. The carne was dry and not flavorful, I then tried the fish Taco it tasted like cat food. I didn't eat a forth of my meal I lost my appetite.
I am so glad I didn't go with this company, I was trying to find a cab for my mother and when I called the operator to see about getting one she was so rude I ended up finding another, thank u Ms. Operator for you really made my day.
Good burgers but pricey.  For the prices, I expected something amazing.  I still enjoyed the Kobe beef burger.  but I have had better burgers for half the price.
Just moved in from Cali and thought we would order some quick pizza. BF ordered cheese pizza and he came back with burnt and pizza with tomato sauce only!!!! Wow! Never again!
Great spot to have good food and hear great Mexican music.\n\nWhen one band stops the other continues.\n\nYou really don't have to pay for live music unless no one is asking to play a song.\n\nCheck this place out. You will have a great time.
I have never been to to Tuscany but the inside makes you feel as if you are eating at a quaint little restaurant there. The Cuore Sano Salad is amazing as is the Eggplant Parm.  I would have rated it higher had it not been for the prices.
Hey this place got reviewed in the AZ Republic!\nhttp://www.azcentral.com/thingstodo/dining/articles/2010/11/29/20101129beaver-choice-tempe-review.html\n\nCheck out the link!
Kimberly is absolutely amazing! She's incredibly friendly and positive but she's not afraid to get her hands dirty & get the job done too! She's always professional, always on top of things and always does right by her clients. I recommend Kimberly as your real estate agent - you will not be disappointed!
Very loud noisey place due to the hard floor and walls. Workers dragging charts and tables around while I was trying to eat. Very discourteous to patrons. I won't be back.
Taste of the mid west! No wonder the heartland is over weight! Lol
ALWAYS delicious! Oktoberfest is insane every year.
This is the third time I show up to this place and no one is to be seen in the morning I work grave yard so a good burger after work is what I want but they can't give it to me. Don't claim 24 hours you freaking retards!!
Wow! Thanks a lot for this food experience. Everything was on point and pricing is more than fair!
Just an anerage Asain Buffet
Been there twice, try their Bun Bo Hue,  the size is small and expensive. poor service. other pho downstreet is even better and cheapper.
Amazing! Once we walked in the smell of Thailand greeted us...We ordered pad thai, green curry and lobster, every dish was outstanding!!!
This is no longer a Caribean joint, it served Mexican and El Salvadoran.  I did not eat there, we wanted Jamaican Patties.
This place was pretty good someone took me here a long time ago and I could never remember the name and I just found it. The neighborhood is not so nice But I guess don't let that run you away Have to try new things!!
If your trying to eat clean and healthy, you must try the protein style with NO sauce. Keeping the sauce defeats the purpose.. IMHO
So happy they opened up here! Great taste& quick...my hungry soccer girls love this place. Only problem is the crew is rowdier than every other jimmy johns I ever patronized before so that's why I am not giving it 5 stars.
Pretty good!  Turkey burger was good, not sure it was worth $10, but I did enjoy it.  My friend ordered fried pickles, and they were yum!  Will probably go back someday.
Pizza is great and the wings are huge. I came in on a Thursday night to pick up dinner and they were slammed. The girl working the counter was running her ass off and yet she took the time to make sure she was couteous to everyone. We will be back.
Tout au long de l'ann\u00e9e, vous pouvez y d\u00e9couvrir des salons et des expositions pour tous les go\u00fbts! :)
The other issue is recently I've had problems with the automatic gate. Seems this is the only place that I have an issue with the scanner as I am a monthly member. Wish they fix this issue soon. Frustrating when you're in a hurry.
love chipotle. food is consistent and the line moves very fast and it is always clean. my only two criticisms are -  I wish they opened earlier than 11am. This is Vegas restaurants open at 10 - 10:30am. And I wish they gave you a few chips in your bag for free like baja fresh does.
The food took an eternity to arrive. There were 4 tables, myself included, and it took an hour to bring out 4 dishes to our table. \n\nThe food is pretty good, but don't come here if you don't have 2 hours.
Best food ever!!!!!!!!!!!
This place is under new management and has been cleaned up and is really awesome. Very eclectic atmosphere. Gay/queer friendly now too :) plus they are open from 11pm to 4 am thur fri sat nights!
Ordered chicken pad thai and the thai wonton soup. Definitely had better. For the price, was disappointed. Still trying to find a really good Thai place in this city.
Decent Asian lunch fare in Uptown. All the reviews saying don't go during peak lunch hours are spot on. Looong wait if you do. The sushi is good not great and the typical Generaol Tso's type Chinese fare is darn good!
This place is huge, we spent at least a couple hours there. They have something for everyone and everyone that worked there was so helpful and they felt like old friends.
I will come back. Ive been getting haircut by my aunt for 14 years, for free, so I can't comment on the price. But the service was good. Pat was good.
Excellent service. The Gals in the young reader section are always helpful and go out of their way to locate any material we need.
We've been unfairly using Osaka as a baseline for Sushi and Japanese food in general. This place was ok.
Dennys has changed their delicious chicken fried steak to a formed meat product brick \nEPIC FAIL!!!!!!
come back to nj!!!! i miss all the good food u had, buffalo chix cheesesteaks, chicken cheesesteaks, chicken salad sub, meatball sub, general tso chix, salads, desserts, and soooo much more that i miss pigging out on!!
I thought the pizza was good.   I think I would improve on the sauce a bit.   The dough is excellent but the sauce was missing flavor.   Overall not horrible, but just nothing to push you to return over and over again.
Everything in this theater is the BEST from $5 dollars all day on Tuesday and the XD theater iS THE BOMB!!! We love this theater coz it very close to were we leave not only its CLEANLINESS  and very friendly workers
Great Burger
I don't know, an airport is an airport... All I have to say is, the taxi line is RIDICULOUSNESS right before party time!
Everytime I go here it seems the portions get smaller and more expensive. The staff is poorly trained and the food always comes out cold. Too bad there isn't any other colombian restaurants in Las Vegas. I went there today hoping it would get better,  but it just gets worse. I wouldn't recommended anyone going here
Yannis is great quick Greek food. I haven't had a bad meal here yet and I've been coming in since they opened. Everyone that works here is incredibly nice and helpful. I would recommend them to any of my friends!
Great TV setup for sports fans. \n\nThe food itself was not great, but it was still pretty good. You get a a fair amount for your money, which is nice. Good place to go, watch an event, and nurse a couple pitchers of beers and orders rounds of appetizers.
We waited over an hour for our food. One dinner came much later then 4 of them. Both  meat dishes were raw in the middle (they could have walked off the plate). We had out of town guests and had bragged about the place..it was embarrassing!  We were so disappointed with the entire experience
I love the food. NOT this location! The manager is a jerk, some of the employees are friendly other are very rude nd sometimes say very inappropriate things over the speaker in the drive-thru.
Average experience
Went above and beyond for my mini. Helped me out when I was in a bind. Good and honest. Owner knows his bmws.
Food was all very good, service was friendly and attentive. Always a nice atmosphere with the live music.
Not worth the hype I read from several reviews and blogs. Supposed to be one of Vegas' best burgers, but was very disappointed. \n\nNothing special about the bun or beef. But fries were greasy and seemed over cooked to the point of being too crunchy.
The worst service I have ever had in my life. You need different servers that actually care about your customers. I will not ever be coming back to this bar.
We went here with our kids at 745pm and the girl working there could not have been more un helpful, rushed us, dissapeared, was totally unhelpful, if you post a closing time be open to that time.
This place is always busy, I would recommend coming here in the afternoon hours. Very good beer and so so food. I come here to grab a growler or have some drinks with my family or friends. I don't like the food much, never been worth the price.
First beer free for military and I had the steak and brat sandwich. It was good. It's a little hole in the near the base. The servers were friendly. It' my first time but it won't be my last. I want with friends who have been here many times.
Some good experiences and some not so good.  Shop around all the dealers, ask questions on all transactions.  Review hours.
Friendly service, great food! Always have a good experience when I go and buy! Really great (:
I had my oil changed, tires rotated and a bulb replaced in one of my tail lights this morning. Tim, the GM was great to work with. He was very friendly and provided great customer service. I will be returning for the foreseeable future with both vehicles for repairs, maintenance, etc.
It's about damn time!!  We finally have a new dessert place in town! This one just happens to come in the form of some Delicious Asian Funkiness.  It's cheap, creative, tasty, and just a \"must go to\" kind of place.  5 stars for Snoh!
Nicer decor and feeling than you might expect in a \"local casino\" I tried their most popular roll sampler and a sweet/spicy beef stir fry dish. I'd go here again, and glad to have something like this out in this part of Summerlin.
Everything was awesome but there is one very big exception. If you are staying at the Encore ask if the Surrender night club is active! The music was so loud it vibrated our beds until 4 AM.  So in a nutshell no matter how nice a hotel is if you can't sleep a motel 6 is a better choice.
The reason for the low rating was the lack of courtesy on the phone when I asked for a slightly better price for list price on a box of Acid Kuba Kubas.  This is primarily a cigar bar and not a cigar warehouse.
Wow i cannot express how horrible the \" on \" office manager has ... so was so rude to me I will never go back there again!  Dr. was nice but staff NO NO!
I like 24 hr fitness and the personal trainers are realy good especially Alexis she was polite and tailored the workout to my special needs. She made me do the things I needed to help my knee without over doing it. I would recommend her to anyone.
Blah food. Dated bland decor and poor service on numerous occasions. We only tend to come on Senior Mondays as the 50% discounts bring the price in line with the food value. My husband is the reason it gets two instead of one star. He is easy to please as long as there is eventually table service.
Three of us had dinner Sunday evening.  Salads (especially the Caesar), salmon, meatloaf, and pumpkin fettuccine entrees were all super good.  We all had dessert as well, also good.  We will definitely return.
amazing staff and friendly environment make me return to smelly dog again and again. THey are always upbeat and get me in and out in a timely manner...I highly recommend smelly dog!!!
The food is absolutely delicious.  The price is a little higher than other good Thai restaurants however you really get every penny's worth, plus the ambiance really takes you to Thailand unlike other restaurant.  You must try and I will definitely come back!
This review is for the nachos. Wow they are salty and terrible.  The poor cook painstakingly put meat, tomatoes and cheese on individual chips and put them under the broiler. Their hard work was wasted as I just wanted chips with toppings piled on with cheese all over the place.  Plus it was incredibly salty.
The Service Manager Keith contacted me and worked directly with me.  He was understanding and acknowledged the concerns.  He took in my car and worked to make the corrections.  My car is fixed and no longer has alignment issues.  Definitely satisfied with their response and I will stay a customer.
Cheesy fun. The games r excellent and the hosts are lively. Price is right live is mostly successful and worth the relatively cheap price.
Not the place I go when I want good Indian food.
My favorite place!  Sweet pork burrito with mango salsa in the middle and medium on top smothered with cheese!
yummy tapas!
We had the seafood pancake and tofu pot.  Tofu was good, seafood pancake was lousy.  Lots of koreans so that does not say much\n\nservice was so so.
Awesome authentic and cheap spot, very small and very low-key but definitely the best Mexican food around.\n\nViva la horchata
I have given them many chances but they come up short! \n\nThe hot dogs are never hot  or cooked they are in hurry even though they're  not busy!\n\nI wish they could be as good at the MGM! \n\nThe manager also is extremely rude!!!!!
I love old town, whether it's fine dining or a night out! Check out their Facebook page for events!
Went back again yesterday and had their mango limeade special - it was perfectly cold, tangy, and sweet on a hot summer day. It's easy to see why 24C is doing well. The people like working there and it shows in the atmosphere and quality of their food & drinks! Keep up the good work!
The flavor was good but for the price I would have expected a little more meat. I like more meat then bread but other then that it was good. I will try again!
Love it, but a bit crowded & expensive. I like to go early or late to miss the huge crowds. Don't forget to buy cheese curds!
Cafeteria style dining. Fair to good food. You don't need large portions when ordering unless you share. Suggest grabbing a table before ordering or you may find yourself with no where to sit.
Well i received a call from a very nice gentlemen telling me he would fix my nails since they want the customer to be happy i never had any other nail place do this i thought that was awesome so i went in and he was super nice and he fixed my nails know they look great thanks diamond nails im a happy customer
This is a great seafood place. If you're in the mood for something special try this place out. I love the sauces here,  but bit much of butter in some of the sauces so be warned.
Lots of good deals at harbor freight
My second time here and it was amazing as usual.  I highly recommend the mussels and the pot roast.  Also, get a reservation or your wait time will be lengthy.
The food was good. The service was a little slow
Our go to delivery Japanese restaurant. They're reliable, and give good portions of food. The miso soup is delicious! Chicken Katsu is one of my favorites.
Tried this place using my groupon. I don't live in the area so I don't know if I will be able to use all my groupons. According to the lady, I can only use one at a time. The food here is very good. It's definitely a must try if you are in the area.
5 stars for the boba alone. I love their Thai milk tea! Lots of other flavors, but this is my favorite.
Great place... lovely ice cream..the owner was very generous with the serving portions and took good care of us..and the best part is the ambience.. very creative.. a must visit.. loved all the stuff u could shop for here ... :)
I highly recommend this place!  I get my service done by Shannen she is awesome.  She gives me facials and is very particular about her work.  For everything that she dose to my skin she is very reasonable priced.
no point to type why i gave it 5 stars. you will gain 10 lbs. after you're done indulging all the food. =)
Always busy but you never wait.  And they are all business and get the job done fast.
We really loved Keith! He did a great job, he was very professional, helpful and full of ideas. The pictures turned out really beautiful. My favorite part is that we have full rights to all of our wonderful pictures. I would highly recommend this service. It's well worth the money for beautiful memories!
$6 for a Diet Coke.  From a snarky waitress who wouldn't take our order for about 10 minutes.  At 8:30pm on a Monday with only about 5 other customers in the entire bar.  \n\n$6.  Enough said.
I love this 7-11 Store. The workers are super friendly. I'm a true Starbucks drinker but since customer services is on point here, I buy coffee from here :)
Went there to change my dermal piercing out. They only charged me 10, quick , easy , friendly. Good atmosphere nice people.
Service was great, loved our drinks and the animal fries but we got so confused when our server came out wearing a different outfit midway through our evening here. Kind of weird, didn't know we were at such an upscale dining establishment ;)
I try to bike up the mountain as much as possible and everytime i do it it's a challenge, a challenge i never ever backdown from. Enjoy!!
quality went down the drain!  staff is nice but that's the only good thing to say
The person who answered the phone when I called to book an appointment was very rude. It made me not want to come to this location and when she said they didn't have an appointment available for the day I wanted I was fine with it and called the Myers Park location. Poor customer service
New terminal 3 is great.  Restaurants and bars are okay, big duty free for last minute shopping.  Better than Terminal 1, and way better than the old terminal 2.
My family and I visited this location and had a great meal and time! There were 9 people in our party and they assigned us two servers. The food was fantastic and the service was friendly, helpful and on-the-mark the entire time! I would recommend this location to everyone I know.\n\nA solid 5 stars!!!
Pretty pedestrian at the end of the day.  I had the signature fried chicken.  Popeye`s kills this place.  Pass and find something better.
Great food. The people who work here are the best. Many days you will see the owner.
Richard Bernett the owner serves up the absolute best scoops of ice cream in all of Montreal.\n\nI wish this place had multiple locations!
Ok Indian buffet. You are brought fresh naan. Ask for more fresh. Don't bother with the soggy naan at the buffet. Potatoes were hard. But lots of chutneys and chicken dishes. The carrot halwa was not so good, its better elsewhere.
Bland bland bland. I've tried several sandwiches in several locations. Not impressed. They sound great: coleslaw on turkey, a thanksgiving meal on a bun? Hell yeah. But then, not so much on the actual taste. They are large.
My gfs and I went for happy hour.  You have to sit at the bar to get the discount pricing.   They pour large bottles of wine and pizza was tasty.. Looking forward to trying their pastas next!
I ordered delivery, it came very fast, unfortunately what they delivered was disgusting. I asked for no mayo, no ham, I got it with both. Not only that, the bread was wet. Completely inedible. Just threw away the sandwich, along with my money.
By far the best dentist I have ever been to. I like most people get really nervous at the dentist. Dr. Banchik always makes sure you are comfortable and ok. If all dentist were as great as him I would have gone to one years ago. The entire staff is wonderful.
First time here. Ordered 'La Miam' for takeout. Great flavour. Cheese curds melted nicely. Very busy location, great atmosphere.
I love this salon! My nail tech, Becca, is the bomb and recently I had my first haircut with Teresa -- it was great! This salon has all the extra special touches to make you feel comfortable and the services that are available include massage and facials as well as anything else you could possibly want done to make yourself look and feel good!
perfect boba milk tea and fresh, crispy eggrolls
Breakfast biscuit sandwiches are to die for! Biscuits are decadent and always fresh. Asparagus cooked perfectly. When you get it, it doesn't look like it'll fill you up, but it does. Only negative is the atmosphere. Very boring.
Pleasant service, however, you must nearly always expect a wait if you order from the \"Pizza Hut\" menu... you get a hot, fresh order, but if you're looking for \"fast\" food- stick with the \"Taco Bell\" menu...
Full body massage! Doesn't look like much in a strip mall, but soooo wonderful. Fully clothed full body massage and such a great job. I have paid upwards of a $100 for this quality massage elsewhere. Highly recommended!!
Best spaghetti!  The people here are awesome!  Defalco's is a family owned restaurant and the food is great!  Make sure to try them out.
We had the shrimp and the chicken burritos it was just average and the tap beer Modelo was not working yet. They need to cook the tortillas a little longer. They do have selections of alcohol and they do have bathrooms inside also. Patio dining as well
Have only eaten at the Vu restaurant, which is a very nice place.  The food was above average, just not excellent.  But the grounds of this hotel are beautiful.  For a date, a gondola ride after dinner is a romantic ending to the meal.
Can't say enough good about this place...wish they were open on Sundays.  Looking forward to their new location and wish they would open one on the south side of Vegas.  MmmmmMmmmm Good!
I like the bar area, but the one big wall on the left is just too white for me. It was also pretty expensive compared to a lot of the other bars in the area. Thought there would be more local brews and a better variety, especially for the price.
Best place got happy hour for sure in Summerlin! Bomb avocado rolls, killer sliders, satay chicken, flatbreads! I have been to the restaurant too, it's awesome. The managers are very helpful especially Ron! Nothing bad to say...
Great neighborhood location, great laid back environment (outdoor seating only), extremely friendly staff, and a deliciously unique menu. We'll be coming here often!
Worst dunkin donuts location. No customer service at all. The guy taking my order was clearly high and the black woman in the back, notorious for screwing up drinks, once again gave me something completely different than what I ordered.
Bilyana is such a sweetheart and honestly is an expert at what she does. She takes her time yet works fast and always leaves you feeling elated and beautiful. 5 stars.
Terrible service! The cashier was rude and not as friendly as other Starbucks employees. My drink was completely forgotten about; I had to go up and remind them after 30 minutes of waiting. These girls need to be retrained.
I had wait 20 minutes at the bar Just for someone to take my order. then I had to wait about 45 minutes for my order of deep fried pickels. Since I was sitting at the bar I could see the kitchen and the cooks spent most of there time standing around talking for a half hour with out doing a damn thing,
I would definitely check this off the list and not go back. Food was not enjoyable. There were 7 of us and it was our last stop from our 24 hour Vegas buffet pass. None of us finished our food and hardly went back for seconds.
It was my first time here, but I lovedddd it!  Steak was AMAZING!  Yes its a hole in a wall, but to my surprise i loved it!
I love this place! My wife and I go at least once a week and just last weekend did the party bus trip to the Cardinals game. They do something new every few months which makes it a great way to meet old friends and make new ones.
Great pizza. Yes, it's busy, but it is a new location and there's a shortage of great pizza places near by. So glad they moved in.
Great theater! AND they validate your parking :)\nI love the idea of picking your seats before you go in, too. That way you know you won't get stuck in the row that you hate.\nThe servers are really friendly and the bar is fully stocked and fast to serve.
KA has the most beautiful set of the Cirque shows I've seen. From the moment you walk into the door, you are immersed into the story. I love love love the steampunk feel. KA also has the most coherent storyline and quite an innovative stage. KA is definitely one of the must sees.
Their produce and meat is the only reason I shop there and the only thing I am rating with my review.  Their produce is awesome and cheap and the meat is all hormone free and still typically less expensive than Safeway and Frys and tastes better.
I stayed here while I was attending CES. I like this hotel, because it's quiet without casino, having good pool and gym. Not so fancy, but the staff is nice and attentive. It's not like typical Las Vegas type of hotel, that's why I like it.
Wish I could give 0 stars. Save your time, save your money. This place is so not worth it, go somewhere else. I couldn't leave fast enough. The staff does not care about customer service and they all have piss poor attitudes. The clientele is disgusting and classless at best. This dump does NOT deserve your business!
Awesome place for clean and fresh eating! Great sweet potato hash is awesome. I love that you can watch the chefs prep in the restaurant.
What a disappointment!  The staff is very unfriendly and unpleasant to say the least. The prices are higher than other yogurt shops and the yogurt is just ..okay. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
we got the fried tofu appetizer, a great beef curry with green onions and the tofu eggplant dish and a thai ice tea. everything was very good and we were enjoying the left overs as well.
I've figured Dan out - no matter what you ask for, you get the same haircut. It's not bad, its just, you know, the Pittsburgh special. Super friggin' short. I'm getting my tattoo sleeves finished this week to better fit in this city.
Nasty food , the meat was old and cold and the veggies were even colder the employee was lazy and instead of making it fresh he decided to serve food that was sitting there for a while
I like popeye's but they can be a kind of hit and miss sometimes. This place can get pretty busy so go during non peak hours.
The cheeseburgers were nasty.  When our food was delivered the hamburgers were gray in color and they tasted soggy and flavorless.  Do not waste your money here.
Overcrowded, but well worth the wait. You get what you pay for and this place is worth every cent.
Had the Roast Beef sand.  No big surprise.
Recently took my cattledog here because he had a hurt leg.  The staff was very professional and friendly and the facility was neat and clean.  The doctor ran some tests and found that it was valley fever (which I didn't even know could make a dog limp).  We got him on medication and most importantly, my dog is much better now!
I love Mexican food but customer service is horrible so I tend to avoid it now. I hate being ignored especially when you only have a few minutes to eat. The staff is plain rude, we went to Blondie's accross the street, service was still slow but the waitresses are quite friendly.
Happy Hour is fun!  Great food and drink specials!
Not bad for airport fare, but the best thing about it was the packets of Grey Poupon. Had the French dip and basil pesto pasta salad side. Better choice than the adjacent McDonald's.
Been once and won't return. It's friendly and trendy but lukewarm food, not enough spice, high prices and tiny portions don't combine for a fine experience. I would have had to order 3 entrees to leave full.
Rip  off warning! This place has sure changed and not for better.  Warning that the happy hour appetizer while $5 vs $8 or so it is also about half the portion   total rip off!  Since when are happy hour appetizers smaller????
Too expensive for their fake Asian fusion idea
Excellent service, excellent food, excellent decor.  Just wish they had Wifi for their customers.
Needed a new battery and the price and service was good, I'd go back.
It was just ok. The wait staff tried extremely hard to please. The food presentation was good but the taste was just alright. Maybe it will get better based on reviews?
love this place they do an amazing job! I like how the nail shop is right by my house and very convenient for me. They also do an amazing job with eyebrows thats the only place i go to, to get my eyebrows done.
This place is really cool. So many birds. The shows were very interesting as well. The food court has some good pizza too.
Excellent lunch buffet. They offer both meat and vegetarian options for the buffet. Large dinning area with plenty of space.
Terrible!  There are way better restaurants in this area . .  . go try something new!  This place is old, tired and the food is not that good or healthy, (like people think it is) Pretty average. . .
This place has gotten progressively worse. The \"home fries\" are either burnt hard or chewy raw. The new menus look great but are held together with bread ties. I believe in supporting our local restaurants but this is our last time here.
Perfect ramen spot, wish I had one back home.
good food, and drink.  very cozy.
Update:\n\nUnfortunately the management has changed hands. It is no longer an authentic Pakistani restaurant but like any other Indian restaurant with colored dishes and tasteless food. The owner is very courteous and did his best to impress is but to no avail.
There is a bunch to do here. Basketball courts, tennis courts, disc golf, dog park, man made lake with plenty of ducks, baseball field, plenty of room for football, lots of kids play areas and swings. Not to mention it is close to coffee shops and food.
This is one of our neighborhood sports bars and I just wanted to say that they have consistantly good food, off track betting, great bar - good variety of craft beers and lots of tv's. I really like the Grilled Talipia Dinner which we always share because of the large portion of fish and sides too.
Average food... Below average atmosphere.\nThe server had a spanish soap opera on the loud TV... Totally trashy.\nI would NOT recommend this place, so MANY other Mexican food options... lame-o.
Closed and re-opened.  Completely different ownership.  New place has better food, same cheap prices.  Had a bad experience with the manager, but when you can get a big bowl of good pho, so be it.  I will review under the new name after I go there again and hopefully the manager/server is gone.
We have been here atleast a dozen times over the Last couple of years, the food is not at all like it used to be. Pasta sauce was Not good, chicken parm was Not seasoned well, the bread was soggy.
It's a decent place! Great wings,fries.\nHave been here many times, good service.\nMy favorite are the honey hot/hot/garlic hot wings and big basket fries.
I hope they get back to how it was when they opened.  The selection of games is not anywhere of what it was and I really wish they had a better selection of the vintage games.
$90 service charge to start for Hot Tub Repair.  That's just the service call. Well see how they do:)
cool place and fun atmosphere. gallaghers restaurant is DELISH and coyote ugly is fun if you like that sort of thing
High price, average beer. \n\nWhile the decor was \"trendy\" and \"hip\" I just didn't buy it.
Very good food and service. A bit pricey for the food. Only Thai restaurant I go to around this area.
Hit and miss for lunch and summer. Was told that veggies were all fresh, no way..breakfast better. Homefries good. Omlettes dry and not so good.
Hands down best food in town. I've tried everything on the menu and it all is better than the rest. My favorite is the meatball pizza with onion and oregano.
Got a key lime pie from this place. It was horrid. Icing was stale cake thick, crust was not even crunchy or had taste, and the key lime was weak. Pie looked it it was sitting out for a day or 2.
Good service phad Thai so so at best Archis is way better
The only thing that I hate about this place is that it is in walking distance! The service is always fast and friendly. I frequent here for their croissant breakfast sandwich. My favorite donut is the buttermilk and I always get a French vanilla coffee to wash it down.
Years later.....and I still miss the drinks, happy hour and food at Furio. Does anyone have any follow up if any of the owners/chefs started new ventures?
One of my favorite restaurants! I eat at Cornish Pasty at least once a month because the food is that good and the atmosphere is ago much fun. Everything on the menu is yummy, but the Reuben pasty is the best on the menu. Truly delish.
The owner, Dion, was friendly. The pepperoni pizza we ordered was very good and we dined in. A $4.99 coupon for a large pizza made it even better. Unfortunately, they were out of iced tea and root beer.
food's alright. satisfies my sushi craving when im lazy. they deliver. chinese food is bleh, okay. not awesome.
Service was fine. My catfish sandwich was fine, I sure didn't taste anything spicy on it. The beer selection was well above average. The highlight for me was the chili. Very hearty and very meaty...real chunks of beef. None of that ground beef gunk.
Best Italian restaurant in Tempe they have a great eggplant parmigiana
Cheap lunch buffet. But I don't like India food. Everything seems disgusting. And smelly.
For a diner this place was great. Fast service and good food for the money. I ordered the chicken tips and with it had soup, fried okra, applesauce, corn bread, and Italian bread. Right now I am wishing I had one of these near my house open 24 hours!!
La place est id\u00e9ale pour passer l'apr\u00e8s midi tranquille \u00e0 \u00e9tudier. Les latt\u00e9s sont excellents!
The owner was friendly and helpful. The food was delicious, authentic, and not overly expensive. Can't wait to come back here!
Little slow at lunch but they seemed understaffed. Sausage pizza was good and about what I expected from friend reviews. They seem to have good specials on thursdays for \"date nights\" but it's just average. Nothing special but if I was in the area and wanted pizza I'd go in again.
Oh god. Yes.\n\nThe Pho Tai here is pho king incredible.\n\nBest in the pho king Valley.
Chinese chicken salad just bad!  Soggy iceberg lettuce.  Water was the best part of my meal at Ruby Dinette.
Cheap and convenient location.  Kind of showing its age though.\nDoesn`t have all the first run movies showing.
Great selection and friendly bartender but lighting and crowd draw leave something to be desired.
Love this place!   Southern cuisine with a modern twist!  Great food, friendly & professional service, and great atmosphere.  My favorite dish is the pecan trusted trout.
Three times now.... THREE consecutive times I've gotten drink spilled on me and my car while taking my first drink. Starbucks need to revamp the lids on their venti cups. Coffee is good but cups are terrible. Step it up Starbucks, we're all paying enough.
Place is a dump!  Not at all what photo's and marketing literature represent. Nice staff, but room was small and dirty. Building is in shambles...looks like they are trying to cover up the oldness. I wouldn't stay here in a thousand years again..nor should you!
The food is great the price is high but the overall experience was good. I have never been here before so the experience was interesting to say the least.
Where else can you get 2 polish sausages, fries and 2 beers for $13?  Good food, great prices- nice relaxed atmosphere.  Esquire is definitely a place to be visited when in Champaign!
Food quality wasn't very good, the pricing is similar to any other all you can eat maybe even a bit cheaper. Not that it matters much but decorating and food presentation was also lower than sushi restaurants around. \n\nTake home message food quality was below average. I won't be returning to eat here.
I have never eaten at Rambo's and after watching both servers petting a customers dog out at the patio seating area and then go back to work without washing there hands I never will.
ok the have a good selection and will price match.But why do all the staff ignore there customers  makes me want to take my business else where.
Pho Kim long took a pho Kim long time to bring us our food.  Food was very ok.  Nothing to write home to mom about...\nWould come here again because of the name....
meh...I came here a few months back and was disappointed, thought I'd give them another try today. Had an enchilada style burrito with beans and rice. Their food is bland. I wish I had more to say but honestly, this place won't last. There are other better options nearby.
Awesome food
Dear Lord. We've been sitting here 45 minutes and got 1 drink and still no food. IT'S SATURDAY. And it's EMPTY.  We are only staying to see how long it takes at this point. Completely horrible experience. I may not stay at the hotel again I'm so upset.
Located conveniently on Willy St., its the type of hardware store you expect to see Dennis the Menace running around in.  Small, friendly, and knowledgeable, its a shocking change to the big box places.\n\nMy hardware store of choice.
really? seriously needs an update..looks exactly like it did in the 70s when the mobsters had run of Vegas..smells old when you walk in the door..staff was nice but the building itself? not so much...i see why they are one of the cheapest..
Very colorful, especially if you want to smoke weed surrounded by a bunch of weirdos playing African drums...other than that it is rather boring
'Eat' is on the top of my list of places to, well, eat when I come to town. The menu is great and the quality of food is exceptional. The service, ambiance, and experience are also top-notch. Always ask about their specials! They're always amazing.
Don't stop here if you have a meeting to get to. I would be fine if this was my vacation and don't mind waiting 10+ minutes for a simple cup of coffee. Terrible Service!!!!!
visiting AZ I wanted to get some spirituality going so I called to get some questions and because I am not Asian he stated dont call here again! NOT OK FOR A CHURCH TO SAY IDC ENGLISH OR NOT!  I will never come here or call
Loved the atmosphere and the beer. Great place to meet up with friends and have some good beer and food!
I love love love their meat! They must sprinkle it with crack or something cus those sandwiches are addicting lol
Food was good, but not great.  Portions were big, which I expected, but you pay for it (it's a little expensive).  Wish I had thought ahead and split an order.  It was nice, but I guess I expected more.
64$ for wings/salsa/sliders/2 beers.. And on the chips n salsa, they put the salsa on the chips in the basket. It was weird..the staff was nice however.
I had a cupcake from here a few days ago. Average at best. It's one of their cheaper items surprisingly. Their other items are a tad bit overpriced (yeah, you can call me a cheap-o). Good classy interior and counter people. Not sure if I'll stop in here again.
I LOVE this place. The pita's are the best! I always get the Cilantro Hummus. Best hummus EVER! (point blank) I have also tried the garlic grilled mushrooms and they are also very delicious. I've never been disappointed.
This place is great.  The sushi is well made, and the fish is not cut paper thin.  For an AYCE, you can't go wrong here.
Meh. The sushi here is nothing to be excited about. It's not fresh, bland, and the selection is rather limited. People rave about the price, too, but actually it's not really that inexpensive. If you want good sushi, go to Wholey's in the Strip District, not here.
I wish I could leave negative stars nothing against the women working but the owner her self tried to preach to me saying I need Jesus wtf I went for a hair cut bitch not to hear about the bible and Jesus I will never go back
The sandwich was excellent. The bread was soft...just the way I like it!!! Yummy!!!!!
Meh. Mediocre, expensive food and rude staff. If I ever return, it'll be for beers only.
Great food and prices!\nWent with my Hawaiian family to this spot that they've been raving about and it was good! \nThe prices are very reasonable and you get zone much food. Definitely going back!
Pita of the month = great value!!!  Had the chicken pesto pita and it was very delicous and fresh.  Food was prepared quickly and the fries were bomb!  Not too much room for dining (hence, the title Express), but just enough. Will be back again, for sure.
Its ok. I just expected better. food was microwaved and flavorless.
Down the street from my office, I love this place! The turkey bacon sandwich with lots of their spicy sauce is delicious! And the lady at the cashier always has a joke or pun to tell, makes a crappy day into a better one.
I had my two younger children attend WLC and they are both soaring through school.   Started well ahead of others from a competitive grade school.   Thank you to all at WLC.
Great food. Love the breakfast and lunch menu. Affordable, great view, great service and reasonable prices.
Best Spinach/Artichoke dip EVER! and when I have company in town this place is a great choice. My family & friends are always super impressed with the food and the beer. The college crowd and the limited parking is a bit annoying, but again, that dip with a pint of Kilt Lifter makes it worth it.
Love the food and drinks, but could someone please turn the music down!  You have to yell to the person sitting right next to you to be heard.  Would have stayed longer and ordered more, but it was just too noisy.
Latest visit was just me and the boy for a quick pizza which was great. Crispy crust, nice sauce - excellent service as always. Past visits included squash ravioli, great red sauce....
Although they just punched the greens and sanded them....the layout is nice....I will be back to play it again in a few weeks...I will have an course conditions update!....some people throw out hate, but I always give it a second chance!..talk to ya later!
Great service, very fair pricing, honest company.\nThey care about each customer and treat each car with the utmost care.
these guys are and have always been the most solid automotive operators in the Valley, will never take my Acura or Honda elsewhere. \n\nGREAT PEOPLE!
I love this place!! The DJ is hot, the people are hot, the staff is hot-This place is HOT!! Saturday nights are really really good! For a FAB time, I recommend getting a table. Music has you dancing until 4 or 5 in the morning!! HOT HOT HOT!!!
Pretzels are good, food is ok service is slow. They don't carry all the wines on the menu because they can't find them in the state of NC
This restaurant aims to please. The food is fantastic. I've been 3 times, and it will continue to be a place I bring guests from out of town.
Food wasnt hot when we got it,slow service, store bought chips (stale) with salsa. Taste of food was decent but definitely nothing special.
Had a great cheeseburger yesterday, topped with all the fixings.  Delicious!   Very clean dining area and Super friendly service.
Ate here for the first time today and it was very tasty! The only complaint I have is that their avocado tasted a little off, but otherwise my salad was fantastic! The customer service was wonderful! And the atmosphere that they project is very energetic! I will definitely be coming back!
I wasn't very fond of this place at all.  I still much prefer the one on Sahara and Decatur.  The cashier seemed uninterested and the food really wasn't prepared as good as the other restaurant.  I can't say that I would go back again unless there wasn't anything else on that block to eat.
Nice place, good prices, and friendly people. I'm not on that side of town too often, but it really hit the spot. I had the buffalo chicken fingers, which were standard bar\n\nI'd return if I'm out that way again.
This used to be my favorite, but lately the pulled pork hasn't been as good.  I tried the hot links, but not good at all.  Love the beans and the sauce.
Locals get a 50% off discount with a Nevada ID and Players Card.  Bloody Mary was perfect and just what I was in the mood for.  Nice bartender and waitresses. 5 stars because the Bloody Mary is begging me to return and I very rarely drink any alcohol.
Cool little place. A Sonic that has a small dining room. This was cool. The food was as good as any other nation-wide chain. The service was the same.
The fried pickles were great, and the fries were so-so. I really wish the ownership never changed. From what i hear it is not the same as it used to be. Still i wont be too harsh on the ol' penguin. 3 stars for me
Okay, got a suite. Nice room, The hotel smelled like strong perfume
Ate here last night, just about finished my dinner when a roach crawled on my table. Dirty
Great and food and service. Had the open face chili burger with fries... amazing. I love how Chef Carlos comes out and greets everyone, great service.
I ordered chile rellenos and beans and what I got was chile relleno soup and watered down beans.  you could literally drink the chile rellenos.  worst worst WORST mex in all the valley.
This place is absolutely amazing. The bean and cheese burrito, chicken nachos, and chicken salad is so good. Totally come to this place all the time :)
Good place to watch a game but the food is terrible.  Went there about four times and had to send the food back every time because it was cold!
Unbelievably Slow Service! \n \nPumpkin Martini was awesome but the food was mediocre. Wait - staff friendly but very, very S L O W and unattentive. Would not return.
We ate there several weeks back so the details are a bit thin, but I do recall that the service was good and we enjoyed the burger, club sandwich, and ham and cheese our group had.  Its exactly what you'd expect for a good supper club.
Yuck! what happen to hair nets?!  gross!!!!!!
I don't understand why restaurants can invest in filtered water. The water at this venue is terrible. They use the syrup and Tea to cover up the taste and smell. Ultimately drinking it is not good for your body. Guys and investment in filtering your water will increase the quality of the experience your customers have.
Brunch here will get your day off to a nice start. \nIts also a nice place for a date. don't remember what i ate but I remember enjoying it.
Love the organic.. healthy and reasonably priced!
A Madison tradition for getting wasted before games and such, but the service is HORRIBLE for meals and the inside is dark and gross. Everything is always sticky from spilled booze and the crowd is annoying. There are so many better places in Madison.
We used to take my family here for the big beef ribs and sweet potato fries. I guess 2 weeks ago they changed the menu and the big beef ribs are now 1/3 of the size and they took the sweet potato fries off the menu. On top of that they raised the prices. So there is no reason to go back.
Amazing mexican!! Couldn't believe the quality difference of mexican food here than compared to the NE. Really good! Try the enchilada and tamales and im sure you will like the hot sauce!@!  great thumbs up all the way
Worst place ever! A staff member rudely interrupted and actually told my kids to stop eating! Said if they eat they can't play anymore. Payed for an xtra hour till 8pm and was told they were closing play at 7pm. Staff was very unfriendly and rude! Never have your kids party here!
Borderline sanitation. Delicious food. Collards. Mac 'n cheese. Meatloaf. Obama tea.
Everything was as I expected from reading reviews. Enormous portions. I wouldn't call it high quality food. Eggs were more brown than yellow which tells me they were probably cooked in bacon grease. Everything tasted delicious, just very unhealthy.
Awesome little pet store.  Great selection of pet foods and supplies.  I get my raw food here.  Owner is very helpful and friendly.  I love to support local businesses like this one!
This location is not nearly as good as the location in Mesquite. But it is defintly better then shopping for booze in Utah.
I stop by here frequently when I am on my way to work for breakfast. The drive thru is fast but they do tend to get the order wrong. But I will say that I have had more free meals here due to them comping me for all messed up orders. \n\nThe staff is friendly.
Came in town & found this place in Chinatown. Love the seafood there! Messy but worth it! & decent price also.\n\nHighly recommended!
Seats are very comfortable.
I think the loose burger may have given me a loose stool.  They also messed up on my change when I paid.  I gave them a fifty and they tried to give me change for a twenty.  We got that straightened out before I left.  I probably will not go back...
If you are in the Freemont area this is a safe bet.  Decent burgers and a good filet mignon steak sandwich.  Wouldn't recommend the quesadilla (wet/soggy).\nTried the Royal Red brew, which was pretty good.
They were worthless when the screen in my galaxy cracked from from dropping it. No help at all
Not sure what happened here.  The chips are too thick & served cold.  The salsa is lackluster.  The table side guacamole was tasteless.  Despite the great view of The Strip and the fantastic array of tequilas, I'm still lookin' for the right combination of food, drink and atmosphere.
Awesome food and great service. Portions run small so be sure to get an appetizer if you're hungry.
Simply superb,  classic cuisine.  Braised peek belly,  lettuce and fried green tomato sandwich was amazing.
One of my all time favorite restaurants. Bruschetta is amazing!
Had the country fried steak again.  Of course it was good.  Meat was tender and flavorful.  The only thing I didn't like the the coffee....It tasted really burnt.  I guess they're really going to that diner taste!
The sales girls were very helpful with very positive attitudes!!  I was very impressed with their bright cheery personalities!!  They made the shopping experience for school clothes a breeze.  Priced very well with the great quality Justice is known for.  We will return.
Friendly staff. Way, way, way overpriced. Eggs were dry and potatoes not homemade. For 10+ $ for breakfast they need to step up food quality 1000%. Staff was very attentive though.
I have purchased several custom made, dear to my heart pieces from Debbie, her gift does not only shine through in her creations but in the way she deals with her clients and their requests, very professional and personable.  \n\nI love my new sea turtle necklace, thank you! \n\nTrina
Look like it has variety of food choice but it is not. Choices of dessert are very disappointing. Sushi bars quality ain't that well too. Only good thing is brunch includes champagne!!!
Definitely on the pricier side, but the food was definitely interesting. Some of their rolls are more interesting than others. I remember there was a crackling crab roll and it literally pops in your mouth!
They did not do well. They totally screwed my order up and then just seemed indifferent to it. \nI should have known better.
Best Philly cheesesteaks I've had in Phoenix!! Good quality and tastes great!! Be sure to try the sauces...Jalape\u00f1o ranch and fry sauce yum! Nice people too :)
Hotel bar desperately trying to be a foodie and mixologists heaven. Fails miserably on both. Overpriced. Food is mediocre at best. The mixologist drink specials are laughable. Do not waste your time here.
Bad service, no bread, no drink refill , took 45min to get our first drink:( ouch , used to love this place but service sucks
Slowest service ever. And the place is empty. Good thing the one in santana row is much better.
This place is out of business. When we come to vegas we like to eat here. So we stopped. And saw they were no longer in business
Just stopped by today at this place they greeted us nicely to our table, The environment was nice with live persian music it took about 15 minutes to get our order it was delicious. \nHighly recommended and worth stoping by.
Always find something here....yup I have good luck here
Basically a very expensive photo op... No cameras or phones... Expensive drinks... Cheap coats... I won't go again.
The food is delicious. The best fried rice as well as the rest of the  teppanyaki dinner  Request chef Tiger Woo great chef and entertainer a must when visiting in Vegas.
Best Greek food in town.  Everytime we come here the food is great.  We started with a side of Melizanosalata.  It was nice and creamy.  Great gyro plates
Awesome Place Awesome Service !!! Love this one of its kind place in the country...A must visit of you go to Phoenix area
The appetizer- lamb was incredible - shared by the table. We then had their special \"Delmonico\" steak (NY Strip) - It is one of the best steaks I have eaten. The twice-baked potato was also worth it as a side dish.
The yogurt was fine, atmophere is \"modern\".  The issue we had is they didn't have any information on gluten.  My daughter has Celiac Disease and has to eat gluten free and they couldn't tell us anything.  The guy even stated many people have asked for this information.
They have the outside and inside of the restaurant decorated lavishly, but that's probably to make up for their less than mediocre food. I ordered a cheese quesadilla, and it left much to be desired. The chips were also nothing special. Nobody else in my party enjoyed their food either.
No waiting line they are clean and fun they also super fast providing the service,. I'm happy to been here ... my girls and I will definitely making this nail spa are new place  highly recommended for you to
I'm not sure why they call themselves barcelona, not very authetic spanish cooking. but the tapas are good. they could have a bigger selection of tapas. service was excelant. check them out on half price night!!! And try the Sangrias, free samples are available...
Was perfectly serviceable food, but I was expecting a bit more.
Nothing special, its the usual Denny's chain restaurant. Server were very pleasant and nice to everyone. Good for a quick breakfast with a nice coffee.
Ryan, the visual director did an amazing job laying out this two-story LV store
Great place!! I love my nails and toes!! Will come back again!! Prices are reasonable and everyone is friendly and courteous!!
Terrible customer service from that grumpy big boy... They will not get my service. I walked out.
As always a perfect meal. Dined at the bar alone and had a lovely meal, great wine and excellant service  The bartender was a great guy and took great care to make sure I was comfortable.
Our server Melissa was Awesome. We were here for happy hour WOW great !\nThe Nachos were the best we ever had, California included. Restaurant is tucked away and a bit hard to find, but well worth it ! Authentic Mexican food - delicious !
Love the self serve kiosk at this location that is open 24 hours! It allows me to drop off and ship packages at my connivence  and the best part is the line is never that long...max 1 to 2 people at most, even at Christmas time.
Never again. Went from amazing sushi and Chinese buffet, to subpar yucky food. Servers now have to work twice as hard so they're not happy. Ordering is done by iPads with hardly a description. Such a disappointment. Consider a different sushi place before this one.
The Smoothies are good, but the service is lacking.  Staff was unwilling to make a smoothie that was not on the menu even though all of the flavors were.
The service is always friendly, and the food always good, but I find this location to have been extremely slow in the drive thru on my last 3 visits.
Overall just an ok eating experience.  Ramen was pretty good but smallish portion.  Tempura appetizer was good but oddly served with a ponzu sauce.  Eh probably won't eat there again.
As far as I am concerned, the ONLY good coffee served anywhere at Caesar's Palace is here. The breakfast items are pretty good also.
Super delicious, reasonably priced and great service. Definite must-have in the neighbourhood and for pho lovers
Went for happy hour...had the barbacoa and shrimp tacos a la carte, and the sweet potato fries.  Great fries, even better tacos. YUM! Great prices too.  $3/ea during happy hour. Cool ambiance.
In LOVE!!! Great place to escape the Las Vegas fast-paced atmosphere. Even if you don't get a massage their baths are the best to restore your body !!!! Great experience
I've been a couple of times.  Love the menu but food just doesn't have much flavor.  Also, there always seems to be a wait with empty tables.  It's the last time time I'm going. Besides the high prices it just doesn't seem like there are restaurant people managing it.
Steak and eggs was average. Urth burger was good, but I've had it elsewhere. Brownie Sunday was excellent.
This is a local bar and not a fine dining restaurant, but they have a very friendly staff and serve a great Friday night all you can eat fish fry. If you can get past the noise level and the plain and simple accommodations, you will enjoy the food and the service.
I think every one should go to home depot hate to say it but home \"D\" is whole lot better on customer service. I used to work for Lowes and this store avoid.
The patio looks really nice from the outside, but the service sucks. You'd be better off going some place else than to waste your money here.
Lousy thanksgiving dinner ever!! And found hair in my salad, cranberry sauce from a can.
Great business!\nLike another customer I read on here, I was frustrated at someone shattering my window.  Thankfully, nothing was stolen and I called here for service.  They came to my house, fixed it well and for a great price.  \nI would and will be recommending them!  Thanks, Ash for your great business!
Best chili fries I ever ate. Oxtail fries. Ate the Ronin Burger. Cooked well. A tad on the sweet side. Needed a little more brightness to contrast with the grease and heaviness. Would go again.
I don't like paper plates and plastic forks and spoons for soul food
Excellent! I love this place!
I just went by yesterday, in hopes of finding the perfect little baby gift... but the store looked closed. Permanently. Bummer.
Food it's either salty or plain not flavor  the place is great the drinks awesome but the food it's iced cold .. not joke I don't see difrent from Roberts tacos lol
Switched over earlier this year from Progressive whom I'd been with for over ten years.  Joe was able to cut my deductible in half and still give me a slightly lower rate.  I've been satisfied with my service so far.  Thanks!
Our server was great. The food was horrible and the kid replied to the restaurant as \"this food ruined our entire night--who runs it, and the 11 year old said not to tip the COOK.\" So sad. We really want this place to work. They need to hire a really good chef.
always solid... I don't understand how they can charge a dollar for PBR and olympia and 2.49 for a fountain drink... but its always good
Cute little coffee shop. Had some tea and sat outside with my boyfriend. Enjoyed the weather and played some cards. Very relaxing.
Not as good as the togos in California, staff was not very friendly music was too loud and dining area was dirty. Will not be back
If you don't visit here at least once during your vegas trip, you're doing vegas wrong honey...\n\nSo. Good.\n\nTheir sandwiches make me cry with happiness and I know everything will be okay and world peace and unicorns and ..
Lovely bar with great local craft beers and spirits. The staff was pleasant and made you feel welcomed. Food was lovely looking and yummy. A true public house!
Clean for a fast food restaurant. Service was quick, best part is the mellow music played in the restaurant.
WTF. The burrito was tiny, the tortilla was gummy and it was ALL rice with all the salsa and sour cream only on one side. Awful doesn't even describe it.
Not a fan.\nGuacamole is the only thing I like here.
Good service and excellent food. I really enjoyed the roasted beets with truffle and the Bib salad with tarragon.
Well I just called 5 times in a row to find out if cocos serves breakfast all day and no answer. Super annoying and a giant waist of time.
Melt-in-your-mouth food...and close to my office! Bring cash, though...no plastic!
Always a great time at Home Plate. Shannon,  Jessi, and Joe are awesome.  No matter what time I am in there they take care of me. Great food and cold beer.
I have yet to have a bad meal here. Food is more than solid, great atmosphere and the service is consistent. Perfect for a date or a group. When in doubt, go to Aria :)
Nice little hidden jewel.  Had the double cheese burger, fresh ingredients loved the pickles and the bun, you cant go wrong with it.  Also had the Chili Dog it was great, i agree with the other reviewer that it kicks Sonic's butt.  Cant wait to try the subs the Roast Beast looks intriguing!
I'm sure that not everyone will have this experience but tonight i am alone in a hotel in Wisconsin in food poisoning agony due to this food. \nNot recommended.
So yummy. Try the fried chicken and waffles- it's a home cooking party in your mouth!  Also the side of Mac and cheese is to die for!  This place is 5 stars!  Hope it comes to the east coast soon!!!
My husband and I both had salads.  The lettuce was wilted, the carrots rubbery.  Very disappointing.  We picked this location bc it was close to where we were, but it's worth the extra drive to go somewhere else.
The best sushi in town. I used to be a big Muramoto fan but until I went to Red sushi. Love it !!!! The sushi are so different and creative like no others ;-) gotta try it!!!!!!!!! seriously!!!
I have being here a couple of times , and all experience so we're excellent. .food is delicious , atmosphere is great. .love the complimentary bread..fettuccine to die for..definitely my place to eat when I shop at fashion show
ok so I like them however for some reason the top part of the pizza is always a little under done. Bottom of pizza is always cook great and crust but sometimes if you get a bite of raw dough its not the best. is there way to request the top being cooked a little longer. ?
This place is amazing. The management must be on point because every single person that works there is so happy. The coffee is very good as well. The line always looks long but it goes fast. The prices are more than far.
Food good but not as good as Wicked Spoon of Wynn's buffet.\nService was not good.\nRestrooms were terrible!!!
Some sushi rolls are better than others. Also we ordered the shrimp w/ jalepenos, too saltly and dry do not get this or the Japenese chicken. These are more appetizers for beer than anything else. The sushi was good but the prices do not match the amount of food your paying for.
Pretty good but not Texas good.
Pricey,but worth it in an emergncy.
Very clean shop. Everything seemed to be hand selected, and was nicely organized.
Arguing with a fool only proves there are two!!!... a crazy lady will self destruct...trying to control everyone. And everything however just another duck....
Really a big disappointment when it came for the food. The $10 steak was paper thin and the onion soup has enough salt to give the great Salt Lake a run for its money.
good location in the airport but the food was sub par.... not houstons like the hillstone chain...
Waited 1 hour 45 minutes and eventually cancelled the order.  You'd think they'd want to get the food out faster for delivery since our bill was $60.  The guy on the phone didn't even apologize.  I've eaten here before and the food is average.  I will never go back or order out from here again, period.
The environment is open and welcoming, the food is delicious and healthy, the desserts are decadent, and the coffee is divine!  Great place to have small work meetings, events and after work get togethers.
Love this bar! GREAT affordable food! Awesome gambling promotions! Free Slot Tournament on Sat night at 7! Bartenders are the best!
Very polite staff, delicious breakfast and adorable atmosphere. We ordered a breakfast sandwich and eggs Benedict. The eggs Benedict were exceptional and the sandwich equally as tasty.
The Italian food here is good not great though. For the price you can defininetely find better in Las Vegas. I have been here quite a bit because its close, so I have given this place ample chances to try to impress me.
Best reason for Jews to visit Las Vegas. This is a top-notch kosher pizza restaurant that features legendary pineapple toppings, and a full menu of other cuisines.\n\nBest advice is to stay at the Stratosphere and walk over for lunch and dinner. Adar is right off the strip.
Very good authentic Chinese food.  Located upstair in Chinatown alley.
This is an okay place if you want to grab a quick bite but not anything more than that.  I was very disappointed by their holiday turkey sandwich.  I was thinking it would be like Capriotti's \"The Bobby\" but that's what I get for thinking!  :)
Very rude staff, also yelling over each other... food was mediokre at best, will not be back
Not in love with THIS place. The counter person was constantly running back and forth, seemingly overwhelmed. The pizza LOOKED good, but it tasted bland and lifeless. The crust was better than the rest of the pizza. Even a topping and extra grated cheese on top couldn't save it...
Great tortillas and tamales served with sticky floors, scary bathrooms and regularly overflowing waste cans hurts Carolina's reputation. If they could hose the place down once in awhile, it would definately get more stars from me.
It's an amazing place! it's my first time to do body waxing. Krys is so professional, efficient, and patient. She answers all my questions and explains everything I am concerned about.  Definitely come back every month!!!!! Thank you so much!
Best sandwhich EVER!
Nice little Italian Restorante' \n\nWe shall return someday..........
Unfriendly staff and horrible sweet Mexican food. Ordered a green chile burrito but tasted so sweet, thought I was having dessert. Won't go back.
Worst customer service ever. we got their at 9 20 pm...closing time was 10pm..they said they could not serve us. the short ugly guy said..we could order to go..so we said ok..we will do that. then he said..we could only order one dish!! i walked out!
One of the best AYCE sushi i've tried so far. But I wasn't satisfied with the dessert. It would be great if they would not limit the ice cream order per person. Or at least allow per person to order the mochi ice cream 3 times the most just so that we can enjoy a variety of flavors.
Wonderful experience... great service and great food to top it off! Was willing to accommodate and substitute beef patty for chicken since I'm not a beef eater.
i just want to say that the owner was not an asshole, or did not follow us around!  He was very helpful when we did ask for a certain record.  I will agree tho that he is way over priced.  My husband and I had a great time looking at all the records. Man that guys got a lot!
One of the better Starbucks in town. I frequent this place weekly since it is the closest one to my work. I can honestly say that they are consistent and always accurate with my drink orders. There is no drive thru but there is an easily accessible parking lot.
It was better when they first opened. Now service is not as pleasant and food quality has slipped
not a sports bar ! said they would have nfl draft on . interupted it\nit for bar trivia . food was ok but slow . beer was very warm .
Good buttery Americanos......MUCH better than Starbucks Coffee. Staff are friendly and fast....and we got the nice comfy couch! A little boring to sit outside as it looks out at the carpark.
givemeabreak.  if only you spent as much time on taste as presentation... cuz its not the quality of  ingredients that are lacking.
Fantastic customer service. Prices were a little on the high side, but the work was quality!
This place was delicious and different! Has vegan and vegetarian choices.  Loved the many different salsas from the salsa bar. Laid back atmosphere.  Friendly staff. Will definitely return!
The original gourmet burger joint here in las Vegas.  I love it for ma y many reasons.  Just try it if your staying on the strip and you'll quickly learn why I give it 5 stars.
We love this hotel! Cheap prices, good food, great pools, and plenty to do!
Eric was so helpful to me!  I was so mentally and emotionally broke down by being taken advantage of at a other location... and he really made things better when all odds were against him.   I will ONLY see him now
i like this one better than the other one.\n\nthat is all.\n\noh, also, i would like to try the 20$ bottle and bruschetta sometime. this spring i think. beautiful outdoorish bar.
Loved the Prime rib. Great potatoes and Salad and wine. Waiter was friendly. Atmosphere was really good. Will go back hungrier next time.
The food is ok. You won't find anything you will particularly remember fondly, but it is a quick casual and relatively cheaper alternative to everything else at encore. Unlike the food, the decor is actually very interesting and cook
Sugar Magnolia now closed according to the Charlotte Observer 7/6/09
great for the family and comic bowling is the best for all ages.!!!!
Had a quick lunch here.  Limited menu of sandwiches and salads.  Enjoyed the pommes frites and the steak sandwich as well as the classy ambiance but pricey for what you pay for. \n\nBouchon accepts credit cards including Amex.
Had an amazing trip with these guys.  Total pro's who love what they do and it shows.  Highly recommend.
Although the server Carlos was extremely polite and friendly, his service left much to desire.  He got 2 of our 4 orders incorrect.  The food was just okay.  Lot's of better places to have a Mexican food dinner in Vegas.
There is not a better NY style deli in the area.  We have eaten in the top ten deli's in the USA and while this is not one of them, we eat here every week.  I have enjoyed the food and service both for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.\n\nVery good access and shopping choices nearby.
This McDonalds. We hate going to this one because no matter what time of the day we go, they always mess up our orders. We have a big family, and every time, there are a few things always missing.
Website is cool, the place is cool, the coffee is great, it's a nice place to go when you want to get some good coffee, and maybe a bite of food.  Unfortunately, many other people have the same idea, and it's always packed.
Get your Hound on! Good Drinks, Yummy food & it's the spot to chill after work... okay & during work too. Woof!
Apparently \"NO tartar sauce\" means something different to them. I've been to this location ten times in the past two years. They have understood what I meant by \"NO tartar sauce\" exactly zero times. #specialemployees #isaidnotartarsauce #followdirections
Don't let the location fool you.  The food, service and embience is fabulous. We are definitely going back - best Italian we've had in a long time!
Overall, the singing and dancing were great. The star singer/performer Ms. Reeves sounded fantastic, but was WAY over the top with her mannerisms as she tried to mimic Tina Tuner and Diana Ross. It was practically mockery.  If it had not been for her buffoonery, I'd have given this show a 4.
I begrudge giving it one star. I walked for 30 mins to get there, took one look inside and walked back. If you like bars that are 99% male with hairy palms and BO then this is the bar for you.
The food is always good, but it took 16 minutes to even be acknowledged by the waitstaff. Very frustrating especially when employees are standing around and chatting.
good burgers, good beers
Loved this place!! I went two nights in a row after the club. Pizza is great but the only drag was the wait. And it's on the 3rd floor on the opposite site of the pool tables btw ;)
Aaaaaaaamazing EVERY time I go. The owner and their kids are awesome. Just.., really a cool place.
We just ordered out for hot & sour soup, and it was great. One of the best we've had here in Phoenix. Ordered again...not better, but worse
Fast, friendly service -- excellent prices -- and they completely customized my pest-control package to fit my needs.  Made dealing with an icky insect problem as painless as it gets!
I enjoyed the outdoor seating, but no real food inside for a light eat. But can't complain about the drink prices. Saw a few dead bugs not really my taste.
I don't know if it was the booze or the fact that we were starving, but i thought the food was great.  It was cheap, the slice was huge and the service was great.  I agree with other reviewers, it is not the best pizza in Vegas but it serves its purpose beautifully.  Yup, i'm a fan.
Actually quite impressed with this place!  The decor is very chic, but comfortable, the service was spot on - excellent drink and food recommendations, and the food was quite good too!
Eating at barrio is part of my southwest airlines airport ritual. I love their downtown location the most. I also like barrio queen in Scottsdale.
I've eaten here twice waiting for my flight and the food has been awful both times!!  Really bad compared to other Pei Wei's.
Ok so first off the food was good!  but the prices were more than outrageous!!!! 23 doller for a plate of Jap jea?!?! i admit all the food was tasty, but unless your planning on spending a whole paycheck, i would only come for lunch.
Been going here for over two years for eyebrow waxes.  Have good aestheticians that know great shapes for brows.  Zarrin is the best...good conversation, skilled at what she does.
Wow did this place suck. I came here for lunch with a work collesfur. I am from out of town but this was the closest place and it did nothing for me. Dirty interior, poor service. I just got a chicken salad and it was not memorable.
Arrived at 9:25pm to be told in a very dis-interested manner that they closed at ten, therefore forget it. They must start being \"closed\" about an hour before closing time, won't be back
This place seem a lot dirtier then I remember food wasnt as good I wont be back
I had been to a Dick's before, and knew what to expect. This one sucked compared to the one in San Antonio.
Americanized Chinese food. It is predictable and consistent but not enough flavor for me. It is like an upscale panda express. Not bad but not excellent either. If you want a safe bet then this place is for you.
I put in my order at 12:05. 45 minutes later it's still not ready and I have no lunch. There was maybe 8 people in there total so it wasn't overly crowded. That is just unacceptable for a chicken wrap. Which was quite good though.
Not bad gyro, but there's better. I like mine with crushed peppers and they didn't have any. Overall it's ok.
Pretty lame subs and sandwiches. Worked close by so tried a few times. Hate to say it, but Subway is much better. Quality and quantity of ingredients in the so so bread left a lot to be desired.\n\nService was okay but nothing to Yelp positively about.
A clean little thai place tucked in a strip mall. They have 5.95 lunch specials. The food was okay..nothing to rave about, but not bad either. The waitress was sweet, and the service was good. The thai iced tea was yummy.
Great  customer service.  Great  selections for a fast  food kind of place.  Plus they  have  diet  root beer!
Although they do a decent job, they over charged me twice. Thank god I have usaa and they returned the over charges.  beware!!!
I needed a 10 minute drive from the hospital to a house and after calling 4 times to get told bs responses  and waiting over an hour.  They referred me to another cab company.  Class act company here.
Very friendly staff. The manager was really nice. She fixed my drink that another location Destroyed.
A solid brewery! Definitely a worthy stop along with the other breweries in the area.
If you are a female don't expect service. The Asian girl won't even mAke contact with you. Only nice girl was a bar back who couldn't get my beer but hovered the bartenders to attempt to get my beer. Girl bartenders suck!!!!
This place is great, the spring rolls here are exceptionally good. The waitress was really nice and we had excellent service. I decided to try something different and had a mild curry beef stew, it was really good. One of my favorite Pho's when I'm in this area.
Very disappointed with our meal and the service. It's a new menu so there are kinks to be worked out, but it besides the beef the burger was a mess. Also, my drink was screwed up. I was willing to put up with the noise and crowd but they've really fallen off their game.
I've been going to The Edge for nearly 25 years now and there's a reason I keep going back.  Renato always cuts my hair the way I want it cut and everyone there is really welcoming and friendly.
Took excellent care of my baby when I brought her in for a wellness checkup post adoption from MCACC.
Super fast delivery!! Food was pretty good too. The online ordering made things easy. Picking the level of spice for orange chicken was new to me but it was very good. There was a $2.00 delivery charge.\nI will be ordering from them again.
If you truly care about your taste buds, you will not think twice about ordering the Mediterranean Chicken Salad.  The medley of flavors and textures is awesome!  I'm vegetarian so I order it with tofu instead of chicken and it rocks my world!
GROSS!!!! We ordered the Appetizer Combo Platter and found pubic hair in one of the fried green beans! Made me lose my appetite.
If you are into crooked haircuts and terrible customer service, this is your salon.
Horrible! Dr. Fox doesn't know what he's doing and just jumps to conclusion without other tests. Also, the receptionists got very snotty with me! Never going back again!
Had some drinks and appetizers at the bar- really enjoyed ourselves! Customer service was fab- great suggestions from the staff as far as what to order and held nice conversation. Nice decor inside as well. looking forward to going back and having dinner soon!
I only get the lettuce wraps and Mongolian Beef dish. It's so darn good, I can't break away to try something else!
I had fun making fun of the whole prentitious ritual at Joel. The limo, the mansion, service was all good but the food was boring. Pretty but boring. Thanks to limo driver for stopping by at In and Out on way back.
Great food, great price, great service. I went here with my husband & our 3 small children (5, 3 & 1) they were very attentive to not only us adults but also our children.
My go-to place when i lived on campus and didn't have a car.\nPricy and not a lot of selections.
I'm a chocoholic, and this is by far the best place for people like me. The menu is full of options that it's hard for me to settle for just one. I went in with some friends and thankfully we all tried different items and I loved them all!! Can't wait to go back!
Thirsty Beavers. Tall Boys. Good Times.
Fresh and delicious cinnamon bun but home fries were too dry and sausage was flavorless.
Had my cocktail reception at morrissey's yesterday and It was absolutely wonderful !! Thank you so much for all you great customer services, awesome  attitude and prompt services. I was never stressed and they took care of every one in my party. I am so gratefull for everything and everyone.
Its the worst restaurant in Vegas. Terrible  price terrible food!!\nI wont go there again....
This place is super cute but our server was an ass super rude and the service is slow
The service is fine, better to go in during happy hour.... N don't miss their seafood undo pasta, yum
Under new management but they did keep their prices the same.  You can still get the 8 dollar eyebrow wax, complimentary neck massage with every pedicure.
Really huge menu...  breakfast, lunch and more.  The bagels are pretty good.  Way better than anyplace else I have been in Phoenix.
need sooo much updating.  bad smells and dirty rooms.
This was a fun thing to do while we were in Montreal but it wasn't anything special. It was basically like any other zoo. It was a little overpriced. The outdoor area is poorly maintained. The best parts were the Penguins, Otters, & Porcupine. It would be a good place to take kids.
2nd day in a row here the guys who work here are so nice, quick & good at their jobs. Loving the 1/2 off coupons! Will not take cars anywhere else!
pitchers of beer + killin' it at euchre + fireside couching = the place to go after work or class
Great lunch special with a good amount of food but the quality really isnt there. I have had the chow mein which was ok, the orange chicken was better but still not great. But if you are in a pinch and want cheap chinese this is the place.
Slowest wi-fi I've ever experienced at a Starbucks. There are only 2 people on laptops here, myself included, and it's taking a minute to load a web page. Part of the product Starbucks sells is the ability to do work here, and they are not delivering at this location.
I don't typically eat here but my wife likes the slushies they offer.
Took field trip from the convention I was attending and cabbed it to In - n - Out. Worth the trip and my co-worker turned me on to the secret menu. So good. So worth the ride. Try the mustard grilled for your patties. Animal style? Yup, love it.
This place isnt that great, but I guess there are not that many Vietnamese restaurants in Charlotte so its ok to eat at.  Service is ok, food ok, overall is ok.  Really, there's nothing special here.
Met these guys at a Yelp party.  The crab cake slider was wonderful.  Tons of flavor.  Also had a steak slider that was very good but the crab cake stole the show!   The owners were very friendly.  I'll be looking for these guys next time I'm in Charlotte!!!
Had a blast here and zip lining was fun.  Live music and lots to see.
Came in with a friend from CA, he also agreed great food. Also football game was playing so we got a few good deals on good specials and drinks. Nice staff, on point with service!
Western omelet was good,  service was nice...
I love Dr Spoon. He listens. He is gentle. He's funny. He cares. The office staff is great too! Sometimes the ladies at the front desk are a little dry, but the nurses in the exam room area are all great. \n\nHe's the best!
they have everything you need at a really good price. dude has always been helpful not steering you to spend more money but getting the right stuff. that will keep me coming back.
Excellent choreography and the numbers were smoking H-O-T! Really impressive acrobatics and performers, they make everything look so easy. Highly-recommended!
I had a gel manicure and the nail tech didn't even clean the little bit of dirt out from under my nails at all. My manicure lasted literally 6 minutes and cost me 30 dollars. Then the gel didn't even last a full week. Won't be back.
Prices are good and portions are great. I almost couldn't finish all my food. I've been here for breakfast and dinner and was satisfied with both my visits! The staff was very friendly and you don't have to wait very long for your food. Will most likely return in the future.
I ordered pizza by the slice. I got 2 slices which were very greasy and the dough wasn't cooked through. Maybe it was just an off day for the kitchen. Don't know if I'll go back or not. I definitely won't go back for the pizza.
After several months and returning the menu has changed just a bit. Still very good. \n\nAppetizer was jalape\u00f1o bottle caps and southwestern chicken eggrolls. Both were great. \n\nHotdog bar will make your creative juices flow. Never have the same thing twice.
The pizza is just ok at its best, and the wings, though small, are decent.  There's lots of really good pizza in Vegas and Broadway doesn't quite make the cut but it's close to home and offers take out or delivery, service is pretty good.
Got the Honey Bacon Club and tomato basil soup. Not worth the nearly $9 for the pick 2. If you're in the Norterra area, save your self and go to Paradise instead. We won't be going back.
Normally they do a great job but lately they have been under staffed and take a long time to get anything done. I know that this is a franchised business and I think the owner may need to get involved. I don't think I should have to wait 45min on a slow Monday morning. HIRE MORE PEOPLE!
Listen to the reviews!!! They're actually true. I didn't listen...and I just signed a 7 month lease. Now I'm stuck doing my time in this hell hole. Ugh
I have seen a few different therapists here and have been overall pleased with the service. I like the membership option because the massages are very reasonably priced, especially for the good quality. This place doesn't have some of the nice amenities of some spas but Id rather pay less and end up with the same quality of massage.
Very hit or miss at this place. I've never had anything that is *bad* but I've also never eaten anything here that really blew me away. I did enjoy the vegan/vegetarian chili that I had there a couple of times. Definitely not a must eat though.
All the things I liked before were here again.  Also, I was super - hungry so everything had an extra special deliciousness to it.  Great way to get over \"the Mondays\"
Awful service and marginal food at best. Way over cooked.\n\nThat said, it's a lovely setting with immense, but unfulfilled, potential.\n\nThe outdoor patio and tater tots were the highlight of a marginal experience.
Don't bother calling the \"local\" Sears number if you are looking for lawnmower parts.  You get routed to a call center in Bangladesh, or New Delhi ..   Not sure ... who are nice enough - but provide useless information about what they have in their warehouse in Toronto.
The food was, how to say this without offending, white people version of Mexican.  It was bland to the taste, overcooked and bland, and god forbid they make it themselves rather than pour it directly out of the can. It was edible, though slightly overpriced for what you get.
Stale chips, Bloody Mary with no celery, poorly wrapped burrito, plastic/cheap utensils and paper plates, and ok tacos. That pretty much sums it up. I recommend walking a little further to another Mexican restaurant if you're really craving it. \n\nWaiter was awesome though!
if you like precook  food this is your perfect place, to me sucks! the marinara sauce is like a running water in your plate, the guy so call chef treat people like crap, i guess he was treated the way all his life and now the he own something he feel in top of the world,
Having breakfast at Eggs Tc best breakfast in Queen Creek. Awesome food love it because our family loves to order breakfast and lunch at the same time.
I thought the entrance fee was too expensive, but ended up being worth it after witnessing a woman get sprayed by the tiger! LOL!!!!!!!!  Direct shot to the face! They should sell face shields and rain coats in the gift shop.
My husband and kids really liked this place. The hot dogs and chili cheese fries are great!
The worst service I've ever had, my wife and I waited 45 mins when they told us 20 mins and then when I went to ask what was taking so long I got attitude, and our server was so slow and it wasn't ever that packed. Be prepared to wait and have horrible service
I went here because my friend was bartending there for a while. It's really not my type of place aesthetically, but the bar was nice and not very crowded. The specialty martinis were excellent, expensive, but worth it. I would avoid the appetizers though, they were tiny portions and insanely over priced.
Nice, quiet place. The service was great, took our order immediately and took good care of us. Food was also great, and best part they let you choose the spiciness level. Would recommend this restaurant.
Decent place with ok food and drinks, good neighborhood hangout but nothing special. Great beer selection but the TV's are not suitable for watching games, sound was super shirty too.
the food is great but no more steak on the menu. thats why i gave it 3 stars.
Don't sell your clothes here. They totally low-ball you. They are just as bad as Buffalo Exchange.  They claim to only want to buy \"slightly used\" clothing yet, half the shit you see in their store is MAJORLY used items. They are at least cheaper than Buffalo but their service borders mediocre.
Yet again worst time ever at this club! Who ever thought it was a good idea to put 10 flights of stairs in a club should be shot.  10 to get in 10 to get out.  Done won't ever be back!
Food was cold. We were only ones waiting and it took 35 minutes....... And it was cold I said that already but damn
Its setup like a speakeasy. That's a cool gimmick. I have to say, the food was pretty terrible. The tomato sauce is the oddest tasting tomato sauce I have ever had. The sangria was good.  I'll never go again.
Service was terrible the management was rude and not worth the wait or the bad experience
This is my go to place whenever I'm craving for Thai food or just something spicy.  Every item I've had so far has been great! Service is always fast and friendly.
burgers were raw.  They charge for dressing without letting you know.\nfries were cold\nnot  good customer service.
very good singers and dancers that make you happy to relive the 80's , they play the songs perfect into their skits. high energy, they even give you a 7 minute Whizz break in the middle of the show which was quite funny, also had servers selling beer seat to seat pretty awesome
Horrible customer service.  I will never come here again!!!!
This place is huge!!\n\nVery roomy casino.  I only played a couple of slots here, mostly walked around the forum shops.  Love the seahorse bar, complete w/seahorse aquarium.
My husband just returned from A-1 to make one final attempt at getting back our rings or at least knowing that they were sold with no accountability by the owners so we have no choice but to press theft charges. Buyers beware, it is not worth the $$ you save if your pieces are stolen and not returned.
They brag about making a pizza in '5' minutes, but it took an hour to receive ours - on a Tuesday evening, and then it arrived soggy!  Definitely over rated!!
I wish they would get my smoothie orders right.  The Blimey Limey is not so limey without the lime, so please stop forgetting my lime.\n\nAlso, they are always out of ingredients.... maybe the ordering needs to be reassessed?
Great food, attentive service, fun music. The only negative is the slightly shabby decor, but it's easily forgotten once the delicious food arrives. Personally, I like the vegetarian combination platter. Scrumptious....try it!
Great light pizza.   Visited it on a business trip in Phoenix az.  From WA originally.  Nice parlor in downtown.
Really good show - some of the best original songs I've heard in a long time- band was excellent- he's handsome, can sing and entertain - great value
Excellent service, bread was hot and fresh, pizza cooked to perfection and price was very reasonable
I've had my hair blown out at Shine several times and I've always left happy.  I have thick, wavy hair and most stylists have a hard time blowing it straight without frizz.  Not at Shine!  They are affordable and the birthday blowout is a nice touch.
Crap. Food is meh, pricy and bla service. No ambiance, waiters look always stressed out. Don't eat here.
Fast, easy & efficient airport. Small but comes in handy. Overnight parking is easy to get to and low cost in comparisons to airport parking rates.\n\nOnly con is they are limited to just 2 airlines - Allegiant & Spirit. I would use them more if the airlines available here had flights to Los Angeles.
We ordered the fried rice, tonkatsu shoyu ramen wavy noodles and the special ramen.  Service was excellent  at 1045pm on Wednesday.  We enjoyed the fried rice, but the noodle bowls were okay.
Delicious sub!! I love how the turkey is shredded.  Tasty dressing on the sandwich gave it great flavor.  My only small comment is that the turkey ended up being a bit dry  because there was so much.  If the dressing had been on the meat, it would have been perfect.  WAY better than Subway :)
Overrated.  While the food here is good; it's not worth the long wait.
got food this afternoon waited forever in the drive through. when i got home I realized the did not give me my drink and sitting down to eat realized I got something different than my order. Decided to try it till i realized there was shrimp in it and do not eat shrimp\n. Thanks for the waste of food and money
Way too overpriced and nothing special with the atomosphire. Foods are Okey and presentation is good but nothing authentic by any means.
Been here about a dozen times and have only had one regular menu item because the specials each day are phenomenal.
Pretty good place to grab a quick lunch in Scottsdale Quarter.  The atmosphere was cool and relaxing, the service was nice and the food was good and super quick.  The veggie tacos were really good and the chips and salsa weren't bad either.  Hopefully this place will last longer than the previous restaurant.
Lobster Ravioli and Chimay Beer... enough said! kudos to the adorable decor and amazing service! i recommend the place to everyone.
Came in for the groupon deal, which I found out was expired, but the owner still credited me with the deal. Solid place to get pizza and the wings were juicy and crispy!
It was my first time here and I ordered the salmon with shrimp scampi and it was delish! The salmon cooked just right not too juicy as I likes it and the shrimp in that sauce was soooo good! I'm looking forward to more visits so I can update this further.
They did a good job cleaning my car.  However, they tried to up-sell me to a much more expensive package, and told me my carpeting was really bad and needed to be cleaned.  How rude.  But it was a good carwash and was in-line price-wise with the carwashes nearby.
I must say if I could eat breakfast here everyday I would.  The ingredients are always fresh and the service is attention and quick.
Not the place you keep going back again and again.  Pizza sauce too sweet.
I was so excited to have this Starbucks open in my neighborhood!!!  I can walk there, get my coffee, and relax on the nice outdoor patio.  The service is great, friendly, cheerful employees.  Always a super \"time out\" in my day!
Man havent been here in ages. Ricardos is #oldschool
Like everything in the Encore, this joint is pricey.  Still...great drinks, and a nice place to people watch.
Nice people.  Quick service.  Okay subs.
Came through the drive through, apparently 24 hours means that they're not open 24 hours.... considering the fact that the last 6 times I've tried to get breakfast they've had their system is \"system down\"
The Americano was limp. Wish I had gone someplace else.\n\nThe tables were dirty and service was slow. \n\nHate to give a bad review, but I was not impressed.
7 people in our party.  Nobody ranted or raved about their food and mine (eggs benedict) wasn't anything to call home about.  I've made better at home.
See Johanna!\nNo only is she a great stylist, I had a blast just shootin' the s@#t with her...\nLove my hair now!
always good quick food
Sat at the bar-HUGE beer selection. The day was really cold so I wanted tea, Nice hot tea selection also. Tasty calamari. We added several things to an existing pizza so we got a yummy creation. Solid choice. Random but heads up no vegan cheese available.
Nice classic dishes with a nice classic decor. A little pricy IMO but that's to be expected with a restaurant like this. The service is nice and management is always present on the floor. I only wish the food was as entertaining as the service or as pleasing as elegant as the decor.
Portions are EXTREMELY small other than the salads. Other than that the food is really tasty! This is a family place so be prepared to see old people and crying babies
Jennifer was absolutely perfect. She understood exactly what we were looking for with our wedding flowers and she surpassed everything we could have hoped for. People are still talking about our flower arrangements. She couldn't have been easier to work with and her pricing was extremely competitive. I couldn't recommend her more highly!
So far my favorite place I have eaten in Vegas. Cozy, casual, & clean environment with an eclectic menu. Grand Luxe offers a menu that is fresh & affordable that will even satisfy a wide range of tastes. The service has always been fast & efficient when I have dined here & I am looking forward to eating here later this week.
A bottle of water cost me 7 dollars here. SEVEN DOLLARS.\n\nI'm sure everything is delicious or whatever but SEVEN DOLLARS. wtf.
Love this place, usually aways busy.  Good Sushi and great Hibachi grill, lobster, chicken, Filet Mignon all great!!
The Burger Bar has good burgers. I have had better burgers. The service was good and the staff is friendly.\n\nI had the American Kobe Burger. It was cooked perfect. Med Rare.\n\nI would deformity recommend giving this place a try.
I highly recommend Elaine's nails to everyone.  The technician is very thorough and friendly, the place is clean, and they use sterilized tools.  Not to mention the price for a spa pedi is very reasonable.  Great service!
On a trip to TAO, my friends & I needed a place to cool off from the dancing downstairs.  We headed up to TAO Beach & found the air.  You can sit without paying for drink service & they had heaters since it was a bit cool.  Plus drinks come in plastic cups so you can take them with you
Don't go here unless you want to be discriminated because you're a minority. The promoters in the front are a bunch of racists.
Great selection of model home furniture.  Arranged in very fashionable settings.  Pieces to match any budget, I only with my budget was bigger..
Waited long line for hot chocolate!! Theyre sold out! We got frozen hot chocolate instead even though its cold. Then we got a frozen corndog too...Very disappointing. Service is okay not friendly understaffed.
This place is under new management and is much improved. Huge crowds, but fast takeaway service.
NO macaroni and cheese!!! 18 beers on tap....not. Correct your advertising and fix your menu. Miss the original Chef the new one is not as good. Staff not so knowledgeable about food and beers, service is not good the wait is too long. Can't wait for Native New Yorker to open.
Chips were stale, never received the extra salsa I asked for, and the bean & cheese burrito was something I could have made from home myself with canned beans, cheese and a tortilla. Not impressed.
Food is always the best, especially the pulled pork sandwiches and barbecue. Staff is friendly and attentive. Check out the desserts and freshly baked bread! A find in Anthem!
This is simply to note that we have no review since the place is CLOSED.
Staff are very friendly, a lot of times the hashbrowns and fries taste and smell like the fish.  Need to cook the fish in a separate fryer.  Clean inside and outside.
Great place to watch the games and have a cold one with the boys. Tv's everywhere, cute waitresses, plenty of beer options on Tap and bottle, and good food. Try the zingers!
I used coming a lot. But this time let me don't want come back anymore. Too much change
I always order delivery, and they are very kind.  The food comes fresh and in a timely manner.  It's always come clean and never messy like some delivery food can be.  Everything tastes great. I'm a very happy customer!
I stopped here yesterday morning because I was attending an off-site training session.  Typical Starbucks.  On the way back, I bought some of that new Starbucks VIA instant coffee to try at the office.  VIA does not taste like brewed coffee, so Starbucks loses one star for that.
We lived in Japan for 3 years and became obsessed with Japanese style curry. Short of hopping on a plane back to our favorite Curry restaurant in Yokohama, this place is the best! \nThe curry is perfectly seasoned, all proteins are cooked very well and portions are a good size.
I have to downgrade my initial rating.  Why, you ask?  Because they buzzed over the ginormous mole on my neck and caused a spurting geyser of blood.\n\ni give them 3 stars because after they personally injured me, they gave me a free haircut! Ooo thx! :D
This place is CLOSED  on Sunday October 20. The phone number (both on Yelp and in the door ) isn't working and the inside looks empty.
Tried the vanilla and it was outstanding, unadulterated creamy richness with the hint of vanilla. Kudos to the badgers, the food production staff are learning a valuable skill and producing a teriffic product.
What a snooty store. I was followed around the whole time and asked if I was ready to ring up when I wasn't even at a register. Didn't have the bag of violet crumble that I was looking for. No need to come back.
Food was great, service was okay. Veggie burger was amazing as well as the atomic fries. Took about 10 minutes to be seated and about 15 for the food. Love this place. Would definitely go back.
Wow.. These tacos are one of the best Ive had. Asada, alpastor, you name it. I even tried the tripes and not a fan of this meat, but damm it was good. Highly recommend this spot.. By the way, the service was also fast.
Even though this location is not the best I still love Target. If you really want a good target experience drive a little more south and hit up the Tempe Marketplace location or go a little more north and go to the Raintree location.
This used to be a favorite brunch spot on the weekend. Today, the service was again very slow. The Puhle Mumari ( an eggs Benedict type dish, and always my favorite) was disappointing. The sauce was sour rather than pungent and spicy and the  mung bean patty was flat. Bummer.
The best tacos in Vegas. Too bad this place is far away from me otherwise I would eat here 4 times a week. Solid good tacos with lots of meat options. It is simple but it is damn tasty. It is as good as a Mexican place can get in US. No frills just real food
The staff was amazing. Food was yummy. I love this place! I work nearby, so I'll definitely be stopping by again! I was wearing a white dress, so one of the gentlemen went and got me towels to make sure I wouldn't spill anything. Awesome place.
Must be a beer thing, cuz the food sucked.
We have been here several times over that past two years and have seen some changes.  The food is always good, portion sizes are good.  Wine list is always fab!  Service is good.  Last visit was for my husband's birthday and the piano player even sang Happy Birthday to him.  It was a nice touch.
This is a great late night spot.  I think they have a great chopped salad and their selection of meat and kimchi is great.  I do feel they have some items I stay away from like the Squid.  Steamed Egg Great, Miso Soup Great and it's all you can eat.  Have to try it
Great breakfast! Organic scrambled eggs with smoked salmon is a lovely break from the usual Scottish breakfast. Good coffee & decor and nice light & view of Frederick St.
Go, be amazed.
Wide beer selection, but not a lot of rare/unique ones. Good food, but overpriced. No sound for NFL games was kind of a bummer.
Nice looking place at PHX, Terminal 4, but looks can be deceiving. Many menu items not available, and once we found one that was, they brought us the wrong item. They have a Mac N Cheese entree, that comes in three varieties.  Service wasn't all that either.
So we took a party of 17 here tonight on Election Day for a trade show. It took about 25 mins to get wine after we ordered. Appetizers were slow to be served, and he whole pace of service was lacking. One waiter tried to accommodate, but they really needed two. Management failure. Some decent food, but poorly handled.
Love this place, Come here usually late night summer when I want to have something cold! I love their turtle sundaes
Love this place, especially the meat balls, Greek salad and pizza!.  Great place to eat!
A little hidden secret of downtown Las Vegas. You would never think this bar lounge would be hidden in the newly renovated East Fremont St. district. Very dark and chic and at times can be a very busy spot. Seating all over the place if you can manage to grab a spot.
Went there Friday for Project Independence Battle of the Bands. Cool set up. I loved the patio. Security was a bit overwhelming and short tempered. The best part was the drinks... far from watered down.
I had fast friendly service and a great recommendation from the staff... Evergreen smoothie with kale spinach apple lemon pineapple and sherbet
Luved it, great drink menu, had the mac and cheese and it did not disappoint, cheesy creamy in a large bowl.....YUM!
Food was good and our server was great. The management is very rude to their employees, especially those that are latino. I didn't like to see that and this is why I'm eating a 1. There is no need to make someone feel like they are less than you
It was pretty good for my first time! The food seems fresh and very flavorful. We were seated right away and our food came quickly.
Very friendly and attentive staff. Had French toast combo that was great! Pot of bread was tasty!
They don't know how to pair vodka with their caviars. Unless it is already in the pairing flight menu, which they probably asked a consultant to create, don't ask the staff to think or know anything about food and drink pairings. It felt like being served by some very nice but very local-yokel college students.
Nice atmosphere. Good service. A bit slow. Tables to close. There are a few restaurants set up this way. I don't like it. Food was tasty. Tiny portions.
The Cheesesteak is the best in Vegas.  Outdoor seating only.  Go when the weather is nice.
Good but pricey food, hard rock music, 100 taps of beer that are mostly craft, and decent service too.  Booths are nice and large.  No real wait at the bar during lunch hour.  Gardein vegetarian items are tasty.
Had a good, hearty meal here while visiting. We ordered a cobb salad and chicken pot pie - both very tasty. Big booths and friendly service.
Their solution to any problem is to wait for a phone update or activate an old phone. They also reset my phone and I lost all my apps.
Completely downhill in the past few months as the management changed and a lot of the staff in general have changed.  NOW HIRING sign has been up for awhile, so perhaps the fault rests with understaffing.
How this place won  6 yrs in row Best Buffet Award, is beyond me.\n\nMediocre at best, I would not waste money in here, many more choices  to go to.
This place has a nice environment along with good food. Happy hour here is probably the best for any mexican restaurants. What's better than $3 dollar drinks that are pretty exquisite and half off huge appetizer plates?
I love coming to this store with my girlfriends and sitting down to create something beautiful while catching up. I have to say that it is probably my favorite thing to do! They always have great project ideas.
Look I like Bojangles but not in an airport setting!  Seriously no one needs to eat like that and then jump on a plane, you deserver better!
They Knicked my goldendoodle's nose with their shaver. Red scratch took 2 weeks to heal. Won't be back.
I had a horrible experience today. Their driver admitted to not reading my delivery instructions and yet they did nothing to rectify the mistake. They ruined a special tradition my husband and I have and I would never use or recommend them. It was a very costly disappointment.
meh. got room credit for this restaurant so we went and it was our only meal during our very busy Vegas trip. The food was alright. Not great but not bad. That's all I have to say.
I love these donuts. Reminds of a place I used to go back home in Texas. The staff is very friendly.
This place appears to be closed.  We went (after reading the rave reviews here) on July 21, 2012 and the place had a for rent sign in the window.  Bummer!
Great service & food!!
This place is great. We were in the area and my girll suggested we try this place for lunch. As an official fan of Thai food, I was on board. The curry and noodles were perfect. Delicious and spicy. My favorite combination. I will definitely be back and because of their great prices, I can often.
Bread is delicious
I've never liked the their concept of fusion cuisine when it first came to Champaign. They tried to introduce noodles from different places but they never tasted authentic. The Indonesian peanut noodle was not appetizing and their pastas were, uhm, never mind. Try it and you'll know.
I decided try this place out because of the good reviews.  This place is hidden in a small plaza.  It was empty when we got there at noon on a sunday.  The food came out fast and The egg rolls were very tasty but i thought the pho was just okay. The food was fresh and the service was good.
This place was amazing! I loved the decor, it felt very warm and welcoming. I don't know why people are giving this place such a bad review. This is going to by our new spot for dates and dinner. We were so happy with how friendly our server was we gave him a $20 tip. That never happens.
Went here for lunch the other day and got the #5 Vito sandwich, which is basically an Italian club sandwich. It was pretty good and super quick.
Go here for Uncorked. They are free wine tastings at Thursday at 5pm. There are usually shows you can sit and enjoy some of the wine and even some complementary cheese and crackers.
First time a Joes! The food was good but nothing blew me away! I had the stone crabs, oysters on the half shell and madagascar shrimp. The service was awkward but good.
Pricey food that's mediocre as well as service . Best crappy food & service I've ever been to so far this year !
This place is wonderful, and they really give Groupon buyers the star treatment.
I absoluetly do not eat hamburgers out if we ever go to a burger place i always order chicken sandwhiches but i decided to give this place a try and OH WOW it was so goooood everything is fresh the fires are great mmm will def go again and again and again
Great dinner, nice food and very nice owners! They came to the table and made sure everything was alright! Good was very good - service, mediocre.
Service here was great! The food was pretty great, too. We ate here for breakfast, and it was all delicious. We did come here on a Monday morning, so it wasn't quite as busy as the weekend, I imagine, but there was no wait at all. I am a fan of French cuisine, and I would eat here again.
My first time and I love it the salmon trifecta is the best. Sorry I can't take a picture as soon as I see it I have to eat it.
Amazing as always! The staff is super accommodating for large parties. And food is awesome per usual.
I was at the club for the memorial weekend.  And no apparent reason I got kicked out. Then they gave me the run around just to find their supervisor. Spend your money on some where less resist
I enjoyed a 3 course brunch at Mimosa. We had a good discussion with our waiter about the area and the meal. Nice ambiance and food was top notch. I look forward to trying lunch/dinner in the future.
I just moved back to Charlotte and I am elated that Tommy's is still a fixture in the area :) So many great memories & I look forward to hanging out!!
This was a great resturant, great atmosphere great food, it was a great way to finish off a romantic night. People there are really nice and informative.
Much like ihop in pricing but be weary of sides they are $3 each. \nFood is delightful. much better than ihop.
This was the perfect place for the family after a day at the resort.  The food was good, especially the barbeque chicken.  The kids menu was wonderful.  My only complaint was that the server really could not answer questions about the menu.
Service was good. Food was bland boring and overpriced. Went for a business lunch and expected much more from their food. Wait staff was friendly and prompt but for $50 for 3 salads and fountain drinks I was extremely disappointed
I think this place is closed.  Read about a new restaurant called Pig & Pickle moving into their space.
Very enjoyable experience. Drink before coming to the theater, drinks are $16 each!
Today's lunch special (pasta de la jour, pizze de la jour) are good. Staff is friendly. Good choice!
Service was horrible. Food and beer was good, but were ruined by a waitress trying to hurry us out the door and clear plates and glasses before we were finished. Don't go here if you actually want to be able to enjoy your meal and drinks... there are many many better places to eat and get a good beer around the capital.
Stayed there for a week last year and totally enjoyed every amenity.. Has great atmosphere and hotel room was great. Went back this week and stopped by the bar but too packed on a Sunday night.. Went to wasted space.. thoroughly recommend it...
This place was really good!
What I like about the place is that you don't have to pay for a bunch of X-rays before getting adjusted!  Also - I like that you can run in w/o an appointment when you're in the area.  Fast, easy and good priced!
I just had a birthday dinner for my mother at don Vito ... I have eaten there before and enjoyed the food and the service... This time I was so disappointed ... The food  was so bad ... They must of changed there Quality of food... We will never be back
Rude staff, mediocre food.\n\nIf you want to be treated like you're not cool enough to be served by a grease-jockey and pay for an overpriced sausage on a bun, then look no further.
i was gambling in this hotel and the cocktail server came up to us fairly quickly to offer us drinks tho it took awhile for her to get back to us
Boyfriend and I had a wonderful dinner here before catching O.  He got the NY Sirloin and I got the sea bass with creamed spinach and mashed potatoes as our sides.  The sea bass came on a bed of risotto and it was perfectly cooked!  The service was fabulous and we definitely enjoyed our meal and dining experience.
It's was ok
Happy Hour!  Yummy cheese plate and baked brie with tasty drinks.
Definitely in the top 10 best restaurants in vegas.  The rib eye special was out of this world.  It has ruined all other rib eyes for me.
Bad experience here. Food was wayyyy over salted. Couldn't finish it. I had the Carnita and Chicken Burrito.
this place wasn't there. closed.  did they move? someone help! I want some hummus and pita so bad!\n\none star because i couldnt eat there :(
Love this place! They always accommodate and never disappoint! Karen does amazing designs and will not let you do something that won't look good. The owner is always so kind and helpful and if you ever have a chip or break (which I never have) they will fix it for you.
Best pastrami sandwich i have ever had. Also the most expensive! Great atmosphere if you wanna take a break from gambling or need to fill the ol' gut before a night of drinking. A friend of mine who is a lover of jewish food also said their matzo ball soup was the best he has ever had at a restaurant.
Ate here a couple of times. the food its alright. i guess. a little Pricey! service is kind of wack for me. they just sit around or your cant find them to get a damn re-fill. \n\nJust keep on truckin' to the next spot! hahaa!
We came here for a Monday brunch.  Nothing special.  Although the place was not crowded at 11:30 am, it took us 1/2 hour for us to get our order.  No points there, food was average.  Although we did notice 4 people playing beer pong at the backside of the restaurant.  Our waitress was friendly but seemed elsewhere.
Adam disappointed me on this one!  Ok food!  Fruit desert was really good though!
Great Mexican food and excellent service! The food and the Margaritas are to die for! Try it, it is worth it.\nEver, Erin and Paulina always make you feel welcome.
This McDonald's is really bad. They don't even open the play place until almost 11 am even though there are like 10 kids waiting. The manager said she doesn't know when they open. They rang up my order wrong and took forever to figure it out. The dining areas are dirty. What the heck is wrong with this place?!
This was a terrible experience. Slowwwwwwwwe service and zero interest from the wait staff in being helpful. There was not enough good meats ever. Really subpar are every front
This gym has a very cool design! The equipment is brand new, it's never crowded, it has every type of machine and free weights. It's also a very casual environment so it feels like a comfortable place to work out.
This was my first visit here and I had a great pedicure. They take their time and did an excellent job. They even did a hot wax treatment. \n\nThe salon was clean & very busy even at 12pm on a Sunday when they opened. I would make an appointment or go on a week night.
The santa fe eggs benedict was delicious, so was the gouda and apple wood bacon brizza. I highly recomend both. The orange juice was nothing out of the ordinary. Id stick with a regular drink. the hot sauce selection is what made this place a 5 star  for me.
They quoted me 15 minutes, and just 10 minutes later called my name to say it was done. Quickest oil change I've ever had.\n\nPaid $38 and some change with the $5 off Ladies' Wednesday discount.
Fuck you. That's all I have to say. Worst airport experience ever. Everyone was slow and rude. Nothing makes me want to go back home quicker.
Good food at a great price. I usually get the gyro platter. The small Greek salad that it comes with is large enough for my wife to take to work for lunch. Much more than one person should eat for sure!
Always has great lunch specials.. Back rubs with every meal which was really weird but what the hell never had that at lunch.
AAAAAAAHHHHHH VEGAS!!!!\n\nNot bad with the WiFi and all but a confusing airport that seems detached from the real world. But- who cares? You're in Vegas baby!
I had a difficult hemming job for a party dress. Fancy did a great job. The dress looks wonderful.
A mom n pop kinda place.  Small, pho was good, shrimp roll was okay...but then againI grew up in Toronto, Canada where we have a huge Vietnamese population and pho places are everywhere, cheap and tasty!\nSatisfied my pho craving while in Scottsdale.
I don't understand the bad reviews. I've taken 3 cars there a total of maybe 9 times and have always had great service, great price and no problems.  And I know that if there is a problem they'll take care of it.  My service rep is Penny and she's great.
What's worse than having boy wait on you at Ra? Having a boy wait on you at Ra that doesn't know a thing about Sports when the NFL draft is on and the NHL playoffs.  He service was stellar, and that is usually a stretch for RA Tempe.
I've always found Jazy to be extremely helpful with all my alterations and would recommend everyone to take advantage of the services.  Because of Jazy, I can continue to keep all my favorite clothes looking great with her help on the seams, collars, buttons, hems, etc.
All you can eat korean bbq ! love the selections and the old lady is super nice everytime we come here =]
This place is fantastic for a weekend night!! Private karaoke rooms drinks and the Korean BBQ place next door will bring you food if you get hungry and wanna order into your room. Prices are very reasonable!!
Skewed News Hour\nWas not funny.  It was supposed to be improv,  The sketches were rehearsed and nothing to do with the \"new articles\" the audience posted.  A waste of my time.
Manager corrected issues noted in last review. .very satisfied. ..will recommend this BK
1 star for not being open at 10:30pm for a pick-up order on a Saturday night of all nights, despite an 11pm closing time as stated on Yelp.
The food was delicious and my kids loved it. I did not love the service, though.  The waitress was weird & rude. When she took my order she didn't even look at me... She just walked by, wrote what we wanted, and left with a face of ignorance.
Cool place, food did not blow me away.
Good, fast, but not cheap. I thought the idea was fun, food was really tasty. The cheese bar was \"ehh\".
Take it from me; avoid this place at all cost.  The only time I go is when I am starved and don't have the energy to cook or get edible food.  And then after I have been kicking myself.
The food was really good. The service was terrible. The waitress was acting like she didn't want to be there. The least a server can do is refill your glass once you have drank all the water and have eaten all the ice. She still got her 20% tip because of gratuity.
My husband and I eat here frequently. The chicken sandwich is to die for. Always fresh and always wonderful. Reasonably priced as well! The fried plantains are amazing too! Always friendly service and very tasty food! So glad this place is in our small town! So good to go to a locally owned place that actually has wonderful food!
I love this little nail salon! They are so great and amazing! They always remember my mom and i and ask about my daughter! Tony and his wife are so amazing! Great prices and great service! I will always tell everyone to go here!
Isam, owner, is so friendly and helpful. I would go back just to support him. It helps that the gyros are delicious, the pita is fresh and soft. Lemonade just might have an addictive ingredient in it :). I will be back for more!
Great customer service and well priced rentals. Good advice on trails to take and local sites to see. My buddy got a puncture (complete with sunstroke) and a member of the team came out to meet us and replace the tire.
Get the teriyaki mini meal! It has delicious cabbage, AMAZING macaroni salad, & sweet Hawaiian rice. There food is cooked to order so if you're in a hurry you can call ahead
Mam Fu's Sucks.  Don't eat  here.  There are so many other faster ,cheaper, better Chinese places in Charlotte.
Love this place! Fantastic burgers! Great service! Dog friendly to boot! More detailed review to follow.
My family and I have tried three pie varieties since Piefection opened at the beginning of September. The blueberry, coconut cream, and banana cream. All three have been wonderfully delicious. I cant wait for the next time I have an excuse to go pick up another pie. Looking forward to trying the peach next time!
For brunch, for dinner, for a date, with a group - I always love it here!  Bloody Mary bar at brunch is great.  Always love the quiche.  And the steak frites.  Always one of my favorites on the strip!
very good steak and drinks
Wow. Horrible counter staff. Rude, unhelpful, just awful. Why can't Rick Bayless have more outlets. This is bad.
Note Correct Address is 3446 West Camelback, adjacent to Grand Canyon University campus.  Mediocre dim sum if you're from Southern California. Don't expect much variety on weekdays, as it isn't that busy for the chefs to prepare a lot, although requests can be made. I wouldn't bother.
The best video store ever! They have nearly everything and the employees are extremely knowledgeable and personable!
Friendly staff. The owner is always there, with a smile. My food is always good, and not overly priced. \n\nNote to manager, great job on trying to speak spanish, maybe work on your accent?!
Oh NoDa,  how I love your concept.   This store fits right in to the cultural artsy feel of the street.\nMexican culture was the main theme at this store with a little Asian too.
I HATE THIS PLACE.  Seriously, its run down and everytime I see it Im amazed it hasnt been torn down.  Id rather not go to Vegas then to stay here.\n\nRun for the hills if someone suggests you stay here.
Nice hotel that offers all the great history and ambiance of a time past.  Many of the rooms have been renovated, but always make sure you ask for one, as the others are old and dated.  Love the feel of the place.
I love the hotel room but the hotel itself is okay.
I found Northwest driving school online and am glad that I did. Rich is an excellent instructor and was very patient in helping me learn and get over my fear of driving. He offered practical advice on improving my driving skills and I would definitely recommend him to anyone who wants to learn how to drive. Their customer oriented approach sets them apart!
Something has caused this place to go downhill.... Used to be a favorite lunch buffet place, now it's just blah. Even librettos seems to offer more authentic italian cuisine. Sorry guys, you have lost a fan....
meh. i've experienced better.
This place was amazing when the two guys owned it. Since then the portions and quality has gone down significantly. Kind of sad because there are not very many restaurants to choose from on the west side.
Good Mexican food. Not mind blowing, but it's just that.
First time here the turkey bacon panini was delicious so was the lobster bisque. I would like to come back and try the creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e cheesecake and salads. Place looks pretty neat inside and it has a phone charging area.
All I can really say is that it's a family favorite.  My husband's family is completely addicted.  They all have their favorites.  I'm still working my way through the menu but the fried ice cream is always our go to dessert.  And the margaritas are a nice complement to any Mexican meal. :)
Tonkotsu shoyu ramen. We could have this after the dinner. Too good to not to take it... Lol
Didn't seem very rustic and just \"OK\".  Not worth chasing down for the first time or visiting again.
ALWAYS delishish food , hot and fresh during the peak hours . Im always greeted by Taylor with a friendly mannor and always treated like a true customer ! \n\nThe corn dogs are the best thing in the world if ya cant make it to hot dog on a stick ...sadly closed now
Regular starbucks within Mendalay Bay. Super long lines. Service is ok. Prices yanked up $1-2 just because it is in Vegas,(really)
Our favorite breakfast place, wish we didn't have to drive 30 minutes but it is worth it. The kids ask us at least once or twice a month if they can go!
The food was great! Very delicious,  good flavors. The staff was very friendly. I will definitely be back!
Yuck! I had a chicken wrap and it was very dry!!! Chicken seemed like it was frozen before and it was burnt!  Service was ok and the booth is sat in was very broken in! I had to sit on the wooden bar in the middle so I didn't sink in! The long island iced tea was very stiff!
Too bad, close by and after reading other reviews just called and tried to book an appointment and couldn't.\n\nNot a big fan of giving out my name, phone number, and credit card to someone I've never met or a place I've never been...
Marken Mechanical has done work on my home and commercial building, ever time they leave I can trust that the work was done correctly and at fair cost.  I would recommend them to anyone that want the job done correctly and in a timely matter.
Crappy washes, crappy detail service that I was stupid enough to purchase.  What else can I say!  They are really slow if it is the least bit busy.  That's about it.
My good friends family brought me and my husband here once. Very nice area, expensive pizza but never hurt to try! Blanca is not bad. Good place for family or group of friends.
I like walmart for their low prices and that is it...their customer service is sub par and eventually I won't shop there at all unless absolutely have to...as far as THIS location (S. Tryon)...I HATE IT. That is all...
The Cesear salad was excellent and so was the Pumpkin Spice Margarita. It was like Thanksgiving in my mouth. Yum.
This restaurant has a lovely atmosphere. It's beautifully decorated. Our server was attentive. We started out with a hummus platter. It was just ok, the pita was pretty dry. I ordered the chicken Romano it was absolutely delicious. The pasta that came with it was also good. I will be back again soon.
What Disneyland is to most children. This is a golfers dream!!!! There is anything you may need!! You are in disneyland. Enough said
Just spent the weekend at The Fairmont and it was perfect! Opted for the \"Gold Package\" and found it well worth the money. We took our dog and he was welcomed with bones and his own bowls and mat. We ate at La Hacienda which also exceeded my expectations!
What can I say I love Brenda and her crew.  They were so nice and friendly.  Sat was the 1st time she came to my house and she did a spring cleaning.  After they were done my house was truly spring cleaned.   They cleaned the whole time and made sure everything looked good.  I will be using them for now on.
A fun show in a small venue.  Decided to go at the last minute while sitting in the courtyard in front of Caesars where Serendipity is.  Something for women and men. The acrobatics are pretty awesome and the comedy is truly enjoyable.
Great when busy and the food is hot, but I've noticed that it isn't as good when it's a bit slow like a Saturday afternoon.
Beautiful views.  Nice menu.  Had lunch on patio.  Loved that it was not crowded with a hundred tables crammed in.  Could enjoy the desert and conversations with friends.  I'll go again.
Super soft donuts. The person who helped us even gave us an extra donut to try. Got to love great customer service.\n\nNext time we are going to get a cronut.
I recently gave Goldfinger's another try.  My positive was the waiter on the food side. Anthony.  He was polite and attentive.  The food was your standard bar fare.  Would I go back??? Only because of Anthony.  Next I'll try breakfast.
I give this place two years tops and they will be gone.  Nothing special about this place it's over priced and will not last long SmashBurger is crushed by even a place like del taco I kid you not. I had a burger at Del taco the day before and it was better then this
The venue was fine for an airport, service was fairly quickly however the food was not great. I had a veggie omelette, nothing was mixed in except for a lot of cheese, it was very oily and didn't taste that great. It was also pricy for what it was.
Furniture is ok but customer service and delivery was worst experience. \nSales rep not educated on they're own company policies and the worst company I have delt with on resolving a problem !\nI would drive two hours out of my way not to buy from them . My recommendation is anywhere but here !
Inexpensive and great attitudes! Love and recommend this place!!!! Can't do much better west of LOUISIANA!
NO customer service at all. The salesmen don't know their cars and trucks. What's worse was that the Branch Manager was so rude to his employees - in front of the us. That really turned us off. We went straight to NIssan and bought my sister's truck at Nissan that same day.
This place is as awesome as it gets, relax chairs, sports on and CIGARS.  Great cigars, great talking with MEN!  Real Men, that love cigars.   Booze coming soon, but bring your own....its fun!   Go!  Only if you love cigars!
Everything is ALWAYS on point! I never leave here disappointed. They have amazing service that's super speedy. The food is absolutely delicious.
Worst Starbucks ever! Tall latte equals big glass of steamed milk.  If it wasn't a mob scene I'd go and complain. Overpriced garbage.  I should have known better
When you enter a restaurant feeling good and you leave it feeling nauseous, then there is nothing to be said. Quote the Raven : \"Never more.\"
Great French toast, the kids Minnie Mouse pancake w/ bananas was great. \n\nGood service. Sat us quickly even w a long line.\n\nWe will be back.
Terrible Service and no Coca Cola?? Cashier's treat non platinum members like dirt, dealers try to take valid bets, housekeeping well pretty close to an urban legend.
Can you give negative stars? This place deserves -5 stars in my opinion. The manager couldn't have been less helpful or personable.
One of the best Thai places I've been to. Love that they use Thai peppers to spice up your food instead of the dry spices.
crap wings, crap service, crap prices, crap beer selection.  crap crap crappity crap.
I agree with Kristine F.  The lady who answered the phone is rude.  Unprofessional place...yelling questions to a coworker on the phone, cuts me off.  I ended up hanging up the phone...it's a sign of disaster.
We enjoyed their burgers a great deal.  We particularly enjoyed the special \"Octoberfest\" burger.  The service was quick, polite and the food was good.  I'd recommend the Red Robin.
Yum, yum yum lemon rice chicken soup with fresh dill? Wow.  The baklava is beautiful, can't wait to eat it... But too full from the small Greek sale with gyro meat. Good stuff.
Beware of them signing up for an Eddir Bauer account. You would think that you would save money. But if you sign up for a account and if you delay your payment by a 3 months, you would have to pay 4 times the orignal amount. Good Luck!
Taza Indian Kitchen is currently closed for business.
Do NOT buy the house red wine. The bartender took our order and disappeared and came back with the wine. It was worse than Franzia out of the box!\nThe meatballs are pretty good...
The weather is beautiful! The food is amazing! The pancake, raku and takoyaki are we're great. The takoyaki stand however had a huge line they should really look at ways of increasing volume.
Meh, typical college bar. Maybe I'm getting old and this would have suited me when I was in college, but I can't see anything that would make me choose this over any other place, like Murphy's.
Minus one star because all the employees are fucking retards.
We were hungry and this was the only place open.  I got the chicken fried steak and eggs.  It was just okay.  Good late nite option, but don't expect anything stellar.
I've had generally very good experiences with both the sales team and the service team. My two-year lease expires in two months, and I plan to get another A4 from here again.\n\nAs far as car buying experiences go, and service experiences go, this is definitely much better than the norm.
Love the new Versa!! You can try it out for only 5$!!! Gives amazing results and the spray tan lasted about 10 days for me. I always get the light color with the prep spray, which is an additional 2$ super inexpensive compared to other salons that charge 50$ for ONE spray!
I tried to watch Dragonball Z Battle of the Gods but they couldn't figure out how to turn on the sound. After 15 minutes the audience started calling for the termination of the projectionist. The slew of language made me feel sorry for the children in the audience.
food is okay but not impressive.  The price is high. Tip is enforced no matter how the service is . I do not think it at all
It was okay, and good to know that carry out and delivery is available close by.  Just not as flavorful as it could have been.  The hot and sour soup, on the other hand was very flavorful...but only served lukewarm.
Came here because my tire completely shredded while I was driving on the freeway and I needed a new one with out paying too much. A young man named Ernesto helped me and gave me a great deal. I would deff come back here again. Great customer service and I was out of there in 20 min.
How can you go to a KFC and no matter what time of day they never have any chicken made?
Overrated cupcakes. I think everyone should try them out for themselves, but Sprinkles wasn't for me. The cake part of the cupcake was dry and the frosting was excessive and overly sweet. I could have spent that $3.50 better by making cupcakes myself!
Expensive, but veeeery good.\nGood stuff, you see them making it. Good ingredients, good service.\nWill definitely go back when I am back to McCarran.
Excellent, excellent food! Very reasonable also. I would highly recommend to give this place a try. I had the veggie eggs Benedict on an English muffin. Fantastic! They offer dishes like salmon omlettes, salmon eggs Benedict, etc. Very good quality for an airport diner.
Decent sushi. My sodas tasted  gross to carbonated or something. The sushi was decent for the price, the Korean food is great.
They definitely disclose that it's not typical Mexican tacos, so if that's what you want go somewhere else. They have very innovative, delicious ingredients and I've loved every taco I've tried. The nachos are especially delicious and the tequila selection is great.
I tried it three time, they used Asian flavor which is delicious and not that much salty. It has different options of huge dishes. The place was nice and warm, it is perfect in cold weather.
Best place in Charlotte for comics, hands down. Sadly, not the best place to go for a friendly staff. Condescending tones and mockery of things I asked for/was inquiring about are not a good way to get return business! :( I'll buy online before I go in here again.
Good, clean casual dining.  My husband had the fish tacos, and I had the carne asade tacos.  Both were delicious and exceeded our expectations.  We will return when we are looking for a quick inexpensive place to eat.
I am constantly amazed at how some people live without Starbucks.\nI need it. I must have it. Until it's a life or death situation it will always be Starbucks.
Herbs n Flavors was excellent!!! My mom is on a strict diet and their food was perfect for her. Not bland full of flavor and tons of choices.  We will be back the next time we are in town
Love their burgers! The taste amazing and yet are 100% beef. They offer \"unlimited\" toppings and the burgers are always filled loaded. I eat here once a week sometimes!\nTheir poutine kit is pretty good too!
Absolutely terrible, do not order from this place. Worst pizza and longest wait time ever
love this barber shop! I just wish they served beer whilst  I gets my hair did!
After a really late concert (Velvet Revolver) my then best friend Aaron and I came here for some good hang over food. He was hung over and I was just hungry. Not the best breakfast in the world, however, beggers can't be choosers the following day.
Updated to note that the business is now open pretty reliably on Fridays. Craving a coffee and breakfast burrito now....
I have to echo all of the other praise about Crudo, great food, great ambiance, and great service.   I'll definitely be back.
Typical Subway, clean restrooms, nice employees. Hey, it's a Subway, what do you want?
Food is delicious and great margaritas!  The service is also excellent.
Really friendly service and good food. The bread and bean spread is unique but very delicious. \n\nI wasn't a fan of the tight seating. If I am going to sit that close to you, we need to be friends, or you have to let me try your food.
Sat down at a booth waited for about 10-15 mins for service, but no one helped us, so we left.
Awesome place. Sometimes hard to get seats so patience is a must or just flat out luck but totally worth it! Parking is easy and free.  Totally recommended and cant wait for a bigger location to open up! Prices are fair and sizes are perfect.
Not impressed. The offer lunch specials at a great cost. I ordered a slice of pizza and 6 medium wings. Was disappointed with the pizza being super thin and hardly had any taste, the wings weren't any better they had no taste and they were super dry. I don't plan on coming back.
Great espresso, salads and paninis. Nat, the owner, treats you like family.
Ehhh at best. The chicken was good but the beef not so much. The salad tasted like dirt unfortunately And the rice was not good either. I recommend getting some condiments to help the overpriced under portion plates go down smoother.  Very Nice people and friendly service.  Not sure if ill be back.
OMFG, what a gyro sandwich this is, so freakin huge and tasty!!! Just past by and had to stop in to check it out and I am glad I did.
Mediocre Vietnamese food at best.  Also does not accept credit cards which is just absurd in this day and age.
Who wants to sleep in a tomb?
First of all, food here is really really cheap and they don't scrimp on the portions either. This is the place where you want to come when you're down on chips but still want to have some chicken rice. Food is not the best, but they certainly make it up for its affordable price and portion
First time at this venue 9/10/14 to see Pinback.  My husband and I were very happy with the venue.  Sound was good. Admission and bar prices were not bad at all.  All staff we encountered were really friendly and polite.  I was super impressed and we both agreed we hope to see many more shows here!
Our visits have always been good and we are always taken care of. Customer service seems to be at the top of your priority list.... Thanks
A friend told me about this place after my regular hairstylist moved back to Canada. I was very impressed with Molly Rose! She did an awesome job with my cut and color. She is my new go-to-hair expert! I got tons of compliments after going to see her.
Love this place... Steve and Russ are the best saved us from a terrible experience we had first elsewhere. They helped us the right and honest way!
Don't waste your time on any other sandwich than the cole-turkey.  Coleslaw, russian dressing, provolone, and fresh/REAL roasted turkey, all on a hearty roll.  Portions are huge, pricing is moderate, and otherwise this is just your average sandwich joint.
Just don't get this place. The pizza is just above delivery quality! The salads are average at best. It should be in the food court at the mall! Sam Fox fools everybody again!
Excellent service. Fast to  get in. Food was tasty. Except the steak was a little well done. Salmon was amazing and the farro salad delicious. Friendly waitstaff and hosts. \nWe came with a coupon so it was more affordable,. We will be back.
Great pizza, and salad
Spectacular!
Closed.  According to the other shops in the strip center, they had a hard time remembering that in order to stay in business you have to be open when you say you're going to be open.
The Common Market, where Charlotte meets Brooklyn (almost). How can you not like that? It's a market/cafe with a great beer and wine selection and an open patio with an apple tree. It even comes with a little New York attitude.
Worst sandwich on Earth.\nI'd rather eat a dead whore.\nPlease...never come here.
If I could give this restaurant negative stars I would! Mcdonalds service has gone so down hill and managers don't care. Never going back.
The staff was incredibly nice but my nails looked so bad!
Way to pricy for what you get! Food was just ok, kind of bazaar place overall.
First, this is my favorites Sub Factory location. It's the only one with the seafood sub. As a whole I'm not a huge fan of the chain, the food is low quality, bland, and unoriginal.
Worst strip club I've ever been to. Do NOT even think you could use coupons or think the manager will honor anything. Received a complementary free pass and was denied by the manager even though there was no restrictions. Worst service ever
We really liked this place. Order the sauce on the side. We tired the fingers, wings, fries, and potato salad, ranch, bbq and fry sauce  It was great and we had it to go which is so not the same as eating in!  Defiantly will go back!
Three times I have stopped by here in the hopes of getting a bite to eat and was disappointed again they were closed.  Maybe next trip!
Personable staff and a good selection of craft oils and vinegars. But, $3.95 for a basic glass bottle that you buy to put the oils in? Seriously, that is the rip-off, when those glass bottles cost 80 cents at Target. It's a corporate idea gone south - too bad.
Try their crepes! Don't be discouraged by the crepe line wait in the morning, it's worth the wait! They make them for lunch as well and the line is shorter.
Silver Mine is always pretty good.  \nGreat sandwiches.\nDelicious soups.\nLate night delivery..what's not to like???  Try their pickles.  \nI don't know what brand they are but they are really good!!!
Beautiful and clean salon with all organic products. Stylist suggested I go with a lighter color and I love it. Offered great advice, but listened too. I'll be back!
The hair cut was ok, not more then that.
Food isn't that good. Don't know why people love it so much. The customer service is okay but they are quite and don't really talk. My favorite thing is the ice tea wow it's amazing! But other then that it's cool. An upgraded KFC with not  a lot of stuff on the menu.
Service wasnt friendly. \nFood not that great. \nThey dont have carne asada.\nNo street tacos. \n\nThey are catering to the more American palate.
The best food. Loved everything. The lasagna amazing, the pasta amazing, the burgers amazing. Everything was wonderful and surprisingly filling. The chapati is amazing, I am an addict. Wonderful restaurant. And the kombucha amazing, and teas great too. Don't forget the desserts. Amazing.
Really good food. Large menu with a ton of options. Had the kung pao chicken and mongolian beef and both were delicious.
Just find out they cancel the dancing night on Saturday.  If you are looking for dancing, check it out before you go.
cool old vegas decor and a bunch of half dressed women there. thats where the positive ends. other than that thx for the heartburn and the non existent service. ive never not tipped before. thanks for being my first
I've been here twice in the past month, around 7ish. The drive thru takes at least 10 minutes! Horrible drive thru!!!!
Good Service, Great Food!  Very impressed with portion sizes. Was reasonably priced. Ahi Tuna was fabulous. Would definitely go back..
The best ! Chad the owner is amazing, the coffee, art, and music are always great !
Really horrible Asian food in Mandalay Bay, right next to the casino.  I ate there once and didn't go back.
Came here because a groupon made it basically free and I still overpaid. First of all they did not have all the items promised in the groupon. We were in at 6:30 pm and they had no rotisserie chickens. This place is a joke compared to Costco. We will be canceling.
AMAZING BRUNCH!!!\ngreat portion size, good service, roomy seatings & good atmosphere!\n\nit's located a few blocks from the notre-dame bascilica, so we had a great walk after the brunch too..
Food is good. Service is not so good. If you're already in the area its a good option, but I wouldn't go out of my way.
Go for happy hour.
Food is good; but service is horrible.
Fantastic steaks & the service was awesome. Had dinner & also brunch. I liked the dinner menu more but brunch was great too. Portobello fries are outstanding. Can't wait to go back.
I had lunch here on the last day of my vegas trip.\nThe prices great. menu very similar to cheesecake factory.\nVery delicious food and great decor.\nPerfectly place to grab a quick lunch on the go.
hail to the kale salad is amazing! Great service, food and atomosphere
I've eaten here a few times just hoping to get something amazing since it has such awesome reviews and it's always busy. The food is good but not great. The service is ok, not great.
I just completed this hike and made a video, see for yourself if you want to accept the challenge.\nVideo of frenchman mountain\nhttp://youtu.be/lHASly540w0
I went there for lunch and it was horrible. Overpriced, mediocre food and servers in the goofiest uniforms I have seen in some time. Save your money and aggravation.
I love this place! It's tucked away in NY NY so it's relatively quiet and commotion free. The burgers are great, the onion rings are great, the beer is great and the service is great. I now make it a point to come here at least once every time I'm in Vegas.
Nice vibe, good range of bar food - the green mussels are tasty.\nGood range of beers, including local ones. \nYoung crowd, fashionable and flirty. A good night out for twenty/thirtysomethings.
Expensive...just OK food, nothing special that makes it stand out from the crowd.  Decor was nice though, which is what I did expect from a 5 star hotel.
I can only comment on the smog check...I regret I didn't go to one of those smog express stations instead. This took almost 40 minutes!!! And for the same price as ones that take 5 minutes (18).
1 simple word go this Circle K. \"Ghetto\" horrible corner spot , homeless and drug addicts often come at night, pumps seem to never work !
Great staff and absolutely wonderfu dentist.  I do not enjoy the dentist one bit but Dr. Garhardt made me very comfortable and he's very personable.  Love this office and I never imagined myself saying this about a dentist office.
Culver's is a good quality fast food joint. The meals are better than most chains but they are not short of grease. The concrete mixers are what I go in for!
This place has set the standard on chicken fingers and now they are number 1 get the box combo and you are sure to be satisfied with the amount of food
My SUV is 13 years old and has never had a wax job. The finish was dull and faded. Full Circle restored my vehicle's finish like new in about 3 hours.
I found this place so disappointing especially based on the location. I had to go hunt for someone to tell me where the ice water was. And then the napkins. And then the coffee cup lid. Someone should have tipped me!
Tried it a few months later and changed from 2 to 3 stars. Getting better. Will try it again. Milkshakes are amazing!!!
I love love love Iron Chef! The place itself is small but spacious and decorated very nicely. The staff are all very polite and attentive. The quality of the food is amazing and the happy hour prices are unbelieveably cheap. It's a great atmosphere and I consider this my favorite sushi joint in town :)
Food is decent. But, the people are super nice.
Got the chili chicken. It was pretty spicy and tasty.
When I purchased a used Dell from Foxetech Alex was great to work with.  I give me several options and was able to find something that was able to work with my budget.  He as also been very helpful with repairs and upgrades.
:-(
Well, it isn't really a bistro, but more of a burger and salad joint right off the lobby. Delicious Chinese chicken salad, forgettable chicken burger, forgettable tuna burger.
Not as good as Bare, Tao Beach, Rehab, but still pretty fun.\n\nDitch Fridays is the only day to go.
Great food,  fun and entertainment! We enjoyed all the great food,  the ambiance and the servers were very nice.
Really good food freshly made as you order. Love it!
I have to agree with other reviews here. Love the merchandise, but most of the employees are not very friendly or helpful.
Too cute and too crowded, a few candies will do for now.  Have to try the Ice cream later.
Horrible high cost and small portion's the people are very in profetiomal and don't care about customer service and good edicts I will never go again and if you want good food it's a waist of money
Great Food and friendly atmosphere.  Have a nice menu with lots of choices - sandwiches, salads, steaks, etc....had fish & chips which was excellent.  Lots of regulars playing video poker at the bar.  Music selection was outstanding, 90's alternative and 80's Rock!  Great bartenders and service!
They always have friendly staff. The store is neatly organized and everything is easy to find. Always have a quick checkout.
I only had the wonton soup.  There were 3-4 wontons with tiny pinkie finger size droplets of beef inside.  The soup tasted like a beef stock.  It was tasty, but pretty generic.  But that's what wonton soup is!
Good coffee, good shakes, good pastries, good people, great atmosphere. I heart Smelly Cat!
Absolutely the WORST club I have EVER been too. Service was horrible and they must be desperate for funds because the club was way over capacity. I love going out but I will not be returning here.
Very friendly, great color selection and very accommodating if you don't like your polish color after all! Good price, too. Recommend!!
Spectacular service and great food. Their filet migion was amazing and cooked EXACTLY how I wanted it. The bar also did a great job with my kettle tonic. If possible, seat yourself outside for a great view of the Bellagio water show.
Love running into a British pub, but the food was only so so.
Gigantic bar, good HH spot. Extensive menu with standard bar fare. Starters outshine the entrees. Nachos, boneless buffalo wings, onion rings were decent. Pass on the hummus plate. Good service, but would probably just return for large draft selection.
Summary based on several visits:\n--barely ok, generic airport with\n--usual crap security\n--worse than usual baggage claim\n--remote rental cars
I love BBQ but this place is less than average. The bathrooms sure could use a deep cleaning too!
Better than hometown buffet but still nasty food. They have the chocolate fountains but they use very cheap thinned out chocolate that doesn't even dry on your fruit after dipping. Two stars for the cotton candy and ice cream, that's it. Will never come back to this place.
Nothing fancy, but I liked my eggs benedict and REALLY liked the decor!  Definitely brunch it up.  There was a 15-minute wait, but it was worth it.
Looks like an assisted living home inside the room but you get a kitchen. Eh, these need an update but nothing wrong with them per say, just kind of depressing.
Good food. Girl is not too friendly  unless your Turkish.\nSMALL portions LARGE PRICES! Not enough hummus or babagounish. Veggie platter price keeps going up with all the other prices. Really good food just skimpy on things and prices are very expensive for this kind of fast food.
Take this with a grain of salt, because I was in Vegas\n\ncarnitas\n\nsticky buns\n\nel pastor\n\nchips and salsa\n\nbarbacoa\n\nit was good, I was drunk, I don't remember
I have eaten at SW twice and both times have been excellent. The waiters are very attentive and you can expect the best service. Order any appetizer, salad, steak, side and you will not be disappointed. There are also amazing/weird shows that go on in the lake next to the restaurant. Try to sit outside.
They'd get a zero if I could. \n\nService is terrible. \n\nTacos are worse. \n\nOnly plus is the Coors Lights were 2x1
The short rib roast was heavenly!  Great mojitos, service, and atmosphere as well.
Great locally owned cafe with quality coffee! Cozy atmosphere and a few outdoor tables to enjoy some nice Carolina weather.
Update:  they seemed to have corrected the problem regarding long wait times to get food. I can now call in an order, make the drive, and pickup my food in 15 minutes. This seems much more reasonable than how it was before.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?\nCockroaches!!\nAt least I saw them before my order came to the table.
The staff was very friendly and the place was clean and organized. The food was delicious! I got a gyro and it was very good. The price is also very good.
Great bar ...\nGreat cocktails... \nService not so bueno !!!!!!!
Yes! Everything a great restaurant should be. Clean clean clean, friendly, efficient, delicious and charming. You get the sense the owners take true pride in providing a welcoming neighborhood establishment in which every inch appears thoughtfully planned out; from the custom logos on the fans to the bar and bathroom areas. Check it out and take note Valley business owners!
California roll, teriyaki chicken, tempora all very delicious.  The house salad was over the top! Great restaurant with nice staff!
They take reservations so you can come in at your scheduled time to hand you a hostess wait wand.  Waiting area smells of dirty people and a spilled dip bottle.  Bar smells like old spilled drinks.  They only received 2 stars because of house made pasta, but I'm felling a bit nervous to eat here because of the smell.
This place is TOP NOTCH! I love trying new things and if you are down to try something different this is the place to go. Everything is awesome including the drinks. Peter rabbit is a great drink and different. Love it!
Parking lot is a nightmere!!& lines are wayyyyyy to long & usually only 1 or 2 people working!! Unhelpful staff!!! Not going here anymore!!! worst post office!
Half an hour for waffles. Never again! And the waitstaff disappeared the whole time. Would have had better luck going to a fast food joint.
We love the table cooking here and give it 4 stars but dont come for the sushi. We love Sushi Wow for the rolls, but we like Sushi Tachi for the ll you can eat nigiri
Too expensive. Food is alright. I rather go to Aria buffet. Aria is lot better than here.
I was open minded but the front service was bad and the place looked exactly the same from Red, White and Brew. And it was packed?? Why??!
No big loss here - 100 year old cigarette smoke dripping off the ceilings , not exactly prime nightlife too bad it closed . I almost shed a tear .
OMG!!! One of the best breakfast spots Ever!!! Our server Jess was Amazing...and service was great! Unfortunately I have no photo to show because the food was sooo good it was gone within a few mins!
Food was not that great.  Chips and salsa were good.  Chicken buritto was mediocre.
I have used Kenya as well and she is great! The  best flatiron in town and her prices are competitive.
my favorite thing on the menu is the bulgogi beef taquitos. it is worth the wait. I also get the green tea and mango ice cream for dessert. just ask the waiter for a scoop of each.
First stop when in Vegas? \nCinnabon because we're hungry fresh off this road trip. \nNext we'll go to Luxor and before we leave we're back here again along with Fat Tuesdays... this goes good with Fat Tuesdays.
This place has the worst hostesses , it is ridiculous how stupid  can be , they should take an IQ test and score at least 10% before they get hired anywhere to deal with people
Replica of the Eiffel Tower. During the daytime, you can overlook the strip. It really does look like Paris on the inside, complete with a ceiling painted as a sky. This is a tourist must-see just for the Bellagio fountain show. I do wish the hours were better, considering it's Vegas and all.
Great sandwiches! Been a long time since I had a real Banh Mi. I had the special, jambon, and meatball and all were fantastic. Definitely going back soon
When you say your a vegetarian don't recomend the potato soup with Bacon. Then don't mess around with me about the refund, with no mea culpa.
Only came to AMC because we received a gift card. Their ticket prices suck, they do not honor my student discount and no Cherry Coke. Happy to throw money at Harkins hand over fist before I come back.
This is a good sized park, looks like you can rent bikes here as well. Great place to be on a sunny day, lots of people, families, and dogs!\n\n\nNext time i go I think i'll try out the greenway connector nearby
the coffee here is GREAT!  this little gem is only a block away from south side works, which has Crazy Mocha and Caribou Coffee.  But if you are in the mood for a coffee go to Big Dog instead\n\nthe place can get a little crowded though and not much room while waiting in line
I love kneaders- I really do. But DO NOT go through the drive-thru if you are in a hurry. I would say average wait time is 10 minutes. \n\nMy only complaint- other than that keep on keeping on Kneaders!
Dis.gus.ting. I'm still sick to my stomach a day after.
Great food awesome martinis and great service
Where else can you see speciality/independent/small films AND drink/dance before/after?! Nowhere by here, baby.
We tried the famous-but-off-the-menu steak and shrimp for $7.77.  It was just awful.  Avoid, avoid, avoid.
What an embarrassment. Rotten/black  salad greens. A server with a black eye. Pedestrian \"signature\" pasta. Plates and glasses left uncleared. Greasy, scratchy plates at buffet. All yours for $28 per person!
LOOOOOOVE this place! The food is awesome and the prices are too! It's a restaurant/store and is a small place but don't let it fool you... This place is great and there are always people coming through. And they have halal meat.
My meal was rather disappointing.  The medium burger was cooked rare, requested the hard roll bun, but it came with the standard honey bun.  Menu has nice variety and atmosphere is neat change from standard chains.  For the price you need to at least match Culvers in quality of burger.
Don't like this place at all. I gave it a few tries and I came to the conclusion that this place is just horrible. Whenever I come in here, it seems so chaotic behind the counter that it seems like they rush you. I prefer Chipotle or Qdoba instead.
Don't know why this place has 3 stars!  So good! Fun waiters and great fajitas!!
they had a pretty big selection of beef jerky and snacks and other candies. the one pound bags are kinda pricey but all the smaller stuff are pretty reasonable. defininitly coming back next year.
This was our first visit. The French onion soup was fantastic definitely a recommend. The steaks were done just write and the wait staff was great
Only place I get my haircut.  They keep me looking fresh, oh snap I just said \"fresh\".  Nice people, always pleasant. I recommend this place to all my friends. Big fan of the fact they stay open until 9, makes swing by after work possible.
My favourite church in Montreal! It's beautiful and everyone is incredibly welcoming
Great pizza and good service! My \"Murphys\" pizza on wheat crust came with onions and bacon. It was very flavorful. I thought the wheat crust was delicious. It had a hardy, yet sweet flavor. The pizza was a perfect combination. I look forward to returning soon!
It's always really great here. Their crab cakes are to die for for and the fondu is a must!
I always try to make a stop here to check out their display. This time, they had a fun easter garden. It's a great place to take photos and kind of get away from the whole mode of sitting in front of a slot machine pressing buttons. There's also a Jean Phillipes around the corner.
Hidden off the 51 & Glendale. Big place & big patio. Meh food. Chips & salsa ok. Skip the queso. Vegetarians BEWARE everything is made w/ meat. Beans AND noodle stuff. Ugh. Safe w/ grilled veggies. :(
I love it!
About three weeks back. Chicken salad 3 pieces with uncooked areas.  The rest is kinda detail. The Main office got back to us re the tweeted picture of raw chicken,the local one didn't even address it. Looked up their ratings re health and safety and it appears to be a more institutional problem  than this oversight.
55 degrees is one of the best wine shops I have ever visited.  Great selection, fantastic service and knowledgeable people working there.  \n\nFYI ... 55 degrees comes from the optimum temperature to chill wine to (55 degrees Fahrenheit).
Good food; customer service sucks!! Server was not attentive. A good variety on the menu, something for everyone. Full bar and creative drink selections....good choice if you want to chill and eat on the strip. Severs and hosts need training to enhance people skills......smiles go a long way
You are not alone! I just got my refund from LivingSocial on this. I have left SEVERAL messages and contacted them via thier website. The only WORD OF MOUTH I will be doing is NOT to use them...not like you can anyway, no one returns calls!
Ok, they've made up for that first pizza. I had the Mango Tandoori Chicken Pizza and it was delicious. I even ate the crust, and I never eat the crust! \nThis pizza really was worth the price. I'll definitely go there again.
I got a negative reaction after eating their food because the menu hadn't stated all the ingredients in their food. on top of that, my meal tasted sour. They get an extra star because the spring rolls were tasty. I probably won't return.
Good cupcakes not amazing. I may be a bit spoiled seeing how my favorite cupcake store in California win cup cake wars 2x's. They are good but I bit too sweet of frosting gives it that artificial flavor. Not original or special flavored. Cupcakes were moist.
I wouldn't trust or recommend Eunique Rodgers AT ALL!
Great place to salsa dance on a Saturday night!!  A brief lesson is given by some great professionals-check it out!!
Solid variety of options, on the pricey side. We had sushi, chicken lettuce wraps, and a shrimp noodle dish. The food was good, but not quite authentic the way pan-asian places often are.
Great happy hour menu! We sat at the bar. We had great food (off happy hour menu) great drinks, and great service. We will be back.
Chicken tacos were flavorful and the accompanying beans and rice were very filling. Fun place to hang and have a drink. Staff is very friendly and pleasant.
Not the best country club I have ever golfed at, but pretty nice all the same.  The course itself is well maintained, though it was aerated recently.  Customer service is obviously touted here and it shows throughout the entire facility.  I had a nice experience and will definitely be back soon.
Fresh, interesting, and big portions but lacking flavours in my opinion. needs more salt or seasoning. I should have ask for some hot sauce or something to give it more flavour.
I have used this company for several years, and will continue to do so. Their handymen are knowledgeable, polite, and prompt. Their rates are fair.  They have helped me with an electrical socket, washing machine, and cabinetry.  They take pride in their work.
Great little store with everything we needed! Check out was a little slow, but very well organized store overall.
Buffalo chicken sliders = Love\n\nFriendly service = I'd probably go steady\n\nWeak French fries = I'm just not that into you
Corner Archery and the staff take customer service to a new level.  I cant say enough good things about how they treat their customers and the experiences that I have had at the shop.\n\nExcellent kids JOAD progam!
Good breakfast. Fast service. Nice dining room.
just tried to get them to pick me up as Circus Circus, they needed to know the address before they could get here.  Is this place a total joke?  forget it.
Hummus was good as always.  Had the lamb burger for lunch. Ordered medium rare got it well done,  good burger just a little bit too much going on with all of the seasonings pepper and other stuff inside.  The fries we by far the best part of the meal.
Eye contact, smiles, great customer service and orders done correctly. And oh yes, every woman here is an 8 or better. Definitely not in Wheeling IL! ;)
Easy in, easy out. Friendly staff that got the drinks out quickly. Lounge was clean. Seems a little odd that there is a Starbucks nearly right next door, just across the parking lot, in the grocery store. Plenty of parking.
Horrible.....horrible.\n\nHole in the shower \nStains on carpet \nHorrible stench \n\nI could go on forever.\n\nStay here at your own peril!
Stopped in at about 1 am as it was just down the street from our hotel Had the grilled chicken Very tasty, fast and for a great price! Good stuff
Great food and a great atmosphere...in the world of casual italian olive garden has a serious competitor
I figured this place would be like Fat Tuesday's, but I was wrong.  The drinks are weak and too sweet.\n\nI tried the Pina Coloda and it tasted like there was a cup of sugar in it.
Nice people and good service, its just too cold inside!
If I could give it zero stars I would. We ordered pizza late at night and used a credit card on the phone.  They never showed up and whichever address they did show up to, signed for our pizza. The next day they refused to credit our money back or even apologize for giving away our pizza to someone else.
Food is priced right.  It is cooked to order. Service is prompt.  I come here often and have enjoyed Kyoto Bowl for a decade. The decor could use a refresh.  Overall I like this place.
Not a family / kid friendly place. Food was bland and service was horrible. Would not recommend this place.
Overpriced.. Less quality fish than it's price..small portion..\nDo Not waste your money and time to drive far to Henderson.
Not impressed. When I was seated I saw workers swatting flys in the kitchen. Service was terrible. Food was terrible. I have honestly had better pizza. I was so disappointed when I read all the amazing reviews, then going in the food is in fact terrible.
Great place for a date or small group but the food and service is a bit overrated! Its also pricey for what you get. I think I paid about $120 for a table of 3 the last time there.
We used a groupon to try this place out. I am very pleased and will shop there again. It's hard finding a good butcher shop, we've been to many. I'm glad we now know about Hobe. We had the NY strip tonight and it was just perfect with just salt and pepper.
I've had better buffets at Sizzler.  Long lines, stale food and just a very dirty apperance. This used to be the spot to eat if you wanted a buffet experience. Garbage!!!!
Really good food, not very busy. The fish tacos are worth the trip. Two tacos is perfect, 3 will leave you stuffed. Figure $3.25/taco. Enjoy!
Overpriced and my muffin was stale.  Not worth the $7 I spent on the muffin and coffee.  Will not go again.  Believe it is overpriced due to the area...
I haven't enjoyed a dinner like this in a while. We each ordered separate flights of wine and created our own wine tasting. They have many great wines to choose from. Both the food and service were fantastic. \n\nOh and its a great singles hot spot for anyone in their 30s - 40s
Awesome place to eat. I ate no 37 chicken breast bacon and cheese with cheese curds side I love it. I also tried the October fest beer that was amazing. Good and fast service.
A friend and I dined at Binkley's for AZ Restaurant Week, AMAZING!!! From the moment we sat down, the service, food and presentation were exceeded our expectations!! A must for folks who prefer a fine dining experince!
Took a long time but lamb was truly amazing!!!!
A-Ok! Fun donut recipes like s'mores and bacon donuts. I found the donuts to be a bit on the greasy side though.
This is a good joint.  Very outgoing, the staff really does seem to care about getting things right.\n\nThe first time was average enough that I waited a good 60 days before trying it again.  Good pizza, small pizza's, excellent ingredients, wonderful soups, by the way.
One of the last remaining Blockbusters in the area!  We usually watch movies and TV show episodes on Netflix, but when we run out of options or when we want to watch newer movies we'll go to this Blockbuster.  Service is always fast and friendly here, and the candy aisle is always so tempting.
To begin I have never eaten here.  I am talking about the bar area only and it's a great time to say the least.  Very chill crowd and great staff.
A unique venue for Vegas. It's nice to see creative and alternative artistic ventures being supported here! The area is kind of sketchy, but there are actually some good restaurants in the same strip mall if you want to grab a bite before the show.
If you haven't tried thsi place, you are really missing some good food.  Cooks who know how to cook southern style and do a superb job of it!
Veggie Burro + Salsa Sesame = Heaven. Salsa Chipotle is a close second
Pretty cool coffee shop. This is definitely the place to go for getting work done (or in my case grading papers) and is VERY student friendly. The food is really good and pretty much made in house but I have to say is quite over priced.
I visit this QT every morning the service is always fast and courteous \nThey always have what i need and want I've visited many QT in the valley but this one surpasses by far always clean the staff are sincerely cheerful always a great start to my day.
Too many sales people standing around chatting with each other instead of offering assistance. The merchandise look dusty, outdated and picked through.  Won't be back.
Not worth the hype. The decor is my favorite part of the restaurant. Worth checking out if you're into trendy spots with okay food, I guess...
The food is EXCELLENT!  We have been 5 times now, and everything we have had has been delicious!  We will continue to dine w Bill and IL Bosco!  The Caprese is AWESOME!
Saw the cook pick his nose while talking on his cellphone, then proceeded to cough in his hands and go right back to cooking, he did not even wash his hands.. Needless to say we left and won't come back, it was just nasty too think of eating there after seeing that..
Been going here forever. Today they lost a string to my maternity shirt. Really disappointed. Time to change dry cleaners.
Home made! Authentic and delicious
I have been to this location 2 times during lunch because it is close to my work. I didn't think the service was that great either time. The food is good though. I will probably be back to this location unfortunately because there is not much around this area to eat when you only get an hour for lunch.
I like gelato, a lot. I liked it before most Americans had even heard of it. This place was good. Loved it even though they had just recently had one of their freezers break.
in a word...awesome!!  wasn't expecting this to be as good as it was.  exceeded all expectations.  highly recommended for those that love spicy, cajun-style seafood!
It's good.  I like PHO. The prices are not that bad. Good portion size, but no huge.
This location is very busy. It seems most every time I'm here (about once a week), they're out of everything we want to order. I love their iced tea, the donuts are just okay; I usually get a plain bagel with cream cheese - when they're not out of bagels. ha
I wasn't sure what to expect when I came here, but I was surprised to find it was spaghetti with some sort of gravy for sauce and fried chicken as a side. Didn't really set well with my stomach as far as taste, and the price was a bit high for what you get.
As a certified carb addict, bagels are tops in my book. In need of a quick lunch option, this place is good for the most part. Food was standard, but like most restaurants in the UNLV area, they get packed and are slow as molasses as far as service.
Waaaayyyy over rated ... Staff very confused - slow- chatting amongst themselves ?!! When there is a HUGE lineup outside in the heat.  Ice cream was OK - nothing special.
Line here moves relatively fast, they got something for everyone, and the trick is to come for the lunch price and stay for dinner :)
They are not just making you food they are creating a masterpiece.
Ambiance is nice- the sushi is superb, but the service could be better. Nice tunes from the dj and happy hour drink prices can't be beat!
Food is so-so, service is awkward, bartender is great.
This place is awesome if you love greasy burgers...soggy fries. I don't get the love for this pit. Just terrible.
They had a few ciders on tap, which made me happy. Also had some bottles. Beer selection is good. Can't say much more as Charlotte has a lot of good places to find great beers now and wob just isn't convenient for me.
Great experience.  We went here because of the \"buy one get one\" coupon and were throughly pleased. Our server Edith was so friendly and accommodating. Definitely recommend for drinks; we didn't eat so I can't comment on the food.
I like this place more every time I visit! I've tried just about everything on the menu and all of it is super tasty and fresh. The kale chips are awesome! Even my non-veg guy is a fan of this place.
My first hand account of this place is that they are out of business.  This is based on pulling up to patronize the joint during lunch and it being closed.  That and the fact there is a HUGE \"For Lease\" sign in the window.  This is my first hand account of patonizing the joing.
Ri-Ra is the only place you can grab a perfectly good Guinness equally the same as is you were in Dublin Ireland... I always make the effort to arrive at RiRa when ever I am in Vegas... I been there for 5x this year and I make sure to make my nightcap Guinness every night...
They are the slowest chipotle I've eaten at by far. I would not recommend this location to anyone. It must be bad management because it's been that way for years.
I absolutely love this gym,  since the new management took over this gym has become so much better.  Trainers are ALL Awesome, they help you on the proper technique.  The change has been very good.  The workouts are so much better and seeing results faster then I was before. Would recommend this gym to everyone
The food was good but the price.....not so much. The service however was the best we had in Vegas. The service is the only reason I am giving this one three stars. And that's all I really have to say about this place.
There are few things better than Popeye's chicken, and these guys make it well. It isn't the fastest service in the world, but it all came out super hot and fresh. So ya, if you are looking to treat yourself to some deep fried chicken come here :)
So overrated and pretty lousy food. Greasy spoon at its best. Better choices very close.
Been coming to Tony for years!  Very fun place to hang while your getting your hair done! Good music, good people!
If I could give this so called \"restaurant\" 0 stars. Tonight's the first time I have ever had to wait an hour and a half for food and our waiter had horrible service on top of that. I do NOT suggest anyone eat at this establishment.
Cheap tic's, good service, cheap tic's, salty popcorn, cheap tic's, clean bathrooms, cheap tic's.
I went to this place last month with my best friend and the food was good I love the coffee designs  and the service was friendly.
Sooo Sad that this location has been closed. Now we have to drive to the one located in central phoenix.
I have been going here for several years and they and the service is outstanding. The staff is extremely knowledgeable, friendly and accommodating. The doctors make you feel comfortable and never leave the room with making sure all your questions are answered. \n\nI've been to several places and they are 'simply the best!'
Great family run restaurant .\nReally loved there chicken kebabs and specially loved there fresh breads ...they are one of the best I ever had ..nice  thin ,crispy and fresh out of oven \nHighly recommended .
Place real good. Great tasting food. Come hang out at their tiny restaurant or do take out. Either way its really good. \n\n\"I like\"\n\nEugene
My first time at this East Valley institution...had the lamb tongue sandwich...tasty!
Very surprised! This is a gigantic restaurant, and usually large restaurants go hand in hand with slow service and mediocre food, but this restaurant was different! The food was excellent, the service was great, they have tons of beer on tap, and the atmosphere was nice.  We will be back for sure.
Service was was not good at all, the waitress took forever to have our order placed. the other people who sat around us (who were seated after) all got their orders in before me and my date, the waiter never checked on us and the food was terrible, especially the hash browns... Will not be going again.
I love the food! The ceviche tostada is so delicious and inexpensive! I've had several of the tortas, the salads... the aguas, liquids, and everything is good....
YUCK!!!! Go elsewhere for your chicken!
I really really wanted to like this place. Its right next to where I live and within walking distance. Dream come true right? Sushi within a rocks throw. Nope, not for me. Gonna have to keep searching for good sushi in my new neighborhood.
bad food. relaxed upscale atmosphere which does not mesh with the nasty cuisine.
Got a letter in the mail last week that said Dr. Goldberg is moving to Arizona to take a new position there in June.  He will be missed very much.  \n\nI think finding a new doctor in NYC that you actually like might almost be as awful as trying to find a date!
Very authentic Indian restaurant. Really enjoyed the food but nothing out of this world to die for. The interior decor along with the choice of music could have matched the restaurant theme very well. Very pleasing experience all around.
I would give this 4.5 stars. The service was amazing the server was very accommodating to much wifes eating restrictions.  The fish sandwich was good. The fish tasted very fresh. Happy hour all day on Wednesday.
My first time here and i had a good massage that i really need i will surely come back again after my trip from cali
Lots and lots of furniture. didn't see anything I liked my first visit some items are a little highly priced for the condition but there is at least one of everything there so worth stopping by and checking out!
Supposedly there are three rooms, but we only found one.  Very crowded and full of sketchy guys.  Can't say much for the drink prices as we went to an open bar earlier.  Don't bother waiting in line - find a club promoter & they'll get you in for free with no wait.
Super friendly, clean and great prices! We are in town for the evening & decided on mani/pedi's.. We definitely chose the right place! Very pleased! Yay!
I enjoy this place from time to time. The chicken is always fresh tasting and their avocado salsa is my favorite. I like to stop in for a grilled chicken breast with a loco side salad or their new chicken tacos. Best choice for fast food.
Wings are small and WAY overpriced.
I just love this Starbucks!  Brandie, Sondra, Krissy, Patty and  the whole gang are just the best!  They're are my extended family!
price/performance ratio here is very good. excellent, tasty food at very reasonable prices. there's no good reason to eat on the strip.
Crowded, Loud, Cheap drinks, and lots of fun!!
Good Italian joint right in the neighborhood.  I understand they make the pasta for Spago, so come here and eat the same thing only cheaper.
I walked in and out in about 3 minutes. Small, crowded, low class and the only hot girl there was my wife. \n\nDon't bother.
Service has become slow and poor. Food still ok. We had to ask for water 5 times by walking up to waitress. Took a long time for bill. They need more service help now.
Great wraps and sandwiches. Some very good vegetarian options too. My favorites are the Veggie Supreme and the Greek Wrap. Check to ASU Student handbooks for coupons!\n\nBe aware that they don't stay open too late though.
All the used records here are basically beat up dollar bin records priced at $5 and up. Bad customer service too. Not coming back.
My boyfriend and I stayed at the palms and had breakfast at this cafe. Our server was quick, food was fresh and prices were great. After our meal, the chef came out and chatted with us and made us feel comfortable and we would definitely visit again!
This location is great! There are never lines and the staff is always friendly. I did have an issue once, but the staff was super helpful in resolving it. It is WAY better than the extremely busy post office around the corner.
Terrible service.  Food unremarkable.  Waiter disappeared for 45 minutes to serve larger group due to staffing mismanagement.  Saved his tip by discounting meal after I complained.  All and all, a very crude and unpleasant dining experience for me and my guests.  Not to be repeated, never again!
Always amazing! Just hoping they will bring back the original gnocchi that's amazing. We were lucky enough to get some of the last they had. \n\nAlways a great place to go and service is always amazing!!!
Great healthy place to go if you are in a hurry.  Service is quick and food is great.  Can't go wrong with the Lentil soup, any of the salads and the hummus is very good.
Pork ribs were nothing but fat and a little tough meat. The rest, including drinks, 3 appetizers, a small dish and dessert, were mediocre and overpriced. We were disappointed.
We arrived earlier than required. They took us back right away. They treated my son with respect and as an adult. The entire staff was courteous and professional. They are able to accommodate our scheduling preferences without issue.
love! always a favorite!
As an eyelash virgin, I had no idea what to expect nor how to convey what I wanted.  Nida was so patient and so good with me.  I love the extensions. She did great!
Every time I leave Vegas to go home, this is where I eat.\n\nFriendly restaurant for crepe lovers.  I try to find a crepe eatery every city I visit; this is my favorite for Vegas.
Ughhh DANA IS EFFIN RUDE! \nAnd needs to be retrained on customer service or she needs to be fired ASAP! \nBut the food is awesome! Just need better servers ! Kay thanks bye!
A group of friends and I had a great time at Musashi.  We were in the elevated room with floor seating.  I have not had traditional ramen soup before - it was great!  I think we were probably a little much for the typical crowd there so maybe don't show up with a ton of bros in tow.
I highly recommend Shayna for a facial! She is amazing and uses wonderful products. She has completely helped to correct my skin and knows her stuff :)
The artichoke dip is amazing! Our appetizer and entree came out at the same time though, not cool, But overall, one of my downtown favs.
Worst experience I've ever had! From Roaches to terrible customer service. No house cleaning. This place is crap. Already waited and hour and a half to speak with a manager!
Delicious!  Amazing pizza.  Loved the dough!  Super quick delivery.
Open sign on... Hours says open... I walk in 15 min til 3 and I'm greeted with \"we're closed\". Rude! They just lost a customer.
Yelp did us right by this restaurant. We initially tried to eat here for lunch, and found out they only serve dinner. So we came back for dinner the next night. The service was good and the burgers were huge! You can't go wrong with dinner here!
Very cool place! Cozy, laid back. Excellent food! Friendly patrons and super sweet staff! :)
I love this place!  The atmosphere is great- like old Phoenix but with style. The food is really different and flavorfull. They have amazing margaritas. Every time I have been there, the service has been great. I wish they had a kids menu but other than that, I love it!
I went their for the first time yesterday, and it was Freaky Fast. Been to a couple shops here in town before so not disappointed as always.
I love this place and drive about 20 miles just to eat here it has great food and great places. I always get the pollo fundidio and it is delicious every time. I have been going here for about 10 years.
Server was in slow motion tonight.. Took ridiculous long for everything (they were not that busy). Food was decent as always. The also ran out of boxes (well they had very small ones so I have a bunch of those).
The room or pretty decent, but their WiFi policy is INSANE.  $25/day PER device.  I sucked it up and paid for my work laptop, and then determined it was $25 more for my iPad and $25 more for iPhone.  Absolutely ridiculous.
The place is dirty and the staff are rude!  They treat you like you are bothering them...angry and nasty!!  The bathrooms stink and are never clean.  Don't go here.
This is the easiest place to go for lunch or dinner. The food is always good, we have been going here for 2 years. The servers are very attentive and always smiling.
definately the best korean place in pittsburgh i know of...although that's not saying much. drinks are damn expensive and the food is ok for the price, but there's not really any other option out here.
It reminds me a lot of chipotle. There is not many food options. There was flies, which is super disgusting. Besides that, the sauce is delicious. The decor is beautiful, simple but really pretty. I love the Yellow umbrellas.
Had the best chicken sandwich in the valley, really popular item.  But mysteriously they've now stopped making sandwiches.  Pho and grill are great, but I'm traumatized by this puzzling loss.  Maybe they just want to be a pho bar now?
I enjoyed my visit here.  The food was very good and the wait staff were attentive.  I ordered the pulled pork and potato salad.  Everything was delicious.
If you love coffee and enjoy great service and a friendly environment, then Avery's Coffee should be a daily stop. Breakfast or lunch, this establishment is obviously geared toward the customer experience. I highly recommend stopping in to check it out
Great food, reasonable prices!
I went today (Saturday) at about 1230, it was closed. Listed hours indicated it should be open, but the doors were locked....
Spent the afternoon on the Britannia doing the tour and sampling the food & drink in the Royal deck tea room. Definitely worth a visit!
The food was not only beautifully presented but delicious. The sommelier was very approachable and helped us narrow our wine selection perfectly. A thoroughly enjoyable experience.
Great service at the counter today, very friendly woman and young man, but my order was made wrong, my sandwich was burnt and my hash browns where cold.  Maybe next time...the details are imperative in total customer satisfaction
Amazing homemade Italian food!!! House made pasta! Best Italian food we've found since moving here 5 years ago!!! Highly Recommended!
They have a nice selection of juice and mods/ starter kits all the good stuff it was hard to see juice flavors and I would give 5 but I didn't get the best customer service and felt kind of rushed but I will be back to give it another shot! The waterberry if off the chain
Not bad pizza but what made my review so low was the $10 delivery price.  Kinda high and not sure why so high!
I never have a problem being seated right away for a weekday lunch and great service. I usually order the 2 spicy tuna roll lunch special or salmon terriyaki. Both are excellent!
I was very pleased about the haddock ( fried).  It was done just right.  The service was excellent.  There was a 40 minute wait on Friday night.  We arrived at 7pm.  The coffee was excellent.  I really like the down home atmosphere.
Poor customer service, and poor consignment policy.   Had a very expensive purse that they would not give back to me....
Amazing food. Highly recommend the outdoor and rooftop seating around sunset. Beautiful 360 degree views. Also several unique appetizers and entrees. Definitely coming back here and I highly recommend it. One of the best in the Phoenix area
Had a molcajete and 2 kids meals and our bill was $85?!?! Wouldnt if the food was amazing,  but not even close. Never again! Go to La Mojarra Loca people!
This is a really crummy record store. Its dirty and the people aren't nice at all. They screwed something up and said we are sorry but we aren't going to take the time to fix it since it is a small transaction.
These guys don't support UofA teams so I wont support them in Tucson.
Fun for once in a life time experience and food is a bit expensive. Although I wouldn't go back I would highly recommend just for one time experience
Loved the stuffed dates! The atmosphere was a refreshing change from all the hotel restaurants.
Very good service. Had the chicken rotisserie and beef ribs. I loved the ribs more than the chicken.  A little pricey but excellent ambience.
I've been to many locations and this one was okay. The food didn't seem to be as good and the staff seemed to be unsure of what they were supposed to do. It was bizarre how different the atmosphere was from other Chilis .
This place has terrible service. And I found a long hair in my food. Never go here unless to just drink.
For vegetarians this place sucks I think I had to get a side salad ... Not fun
boring food, very disappointed. service was the only thing that was any good. our dessert was tofu with sugar on top and a little chopped mango (give me a break, i could be more creative in my sleep) horrible, big disappointment.
Just got back from King Putt.  $10 for about 20 minutes of the lamest mini golf i've ever played.  Go to the pinball museum on E. Tropicana and skip King Putt.
Been coming here for a while now. My go to girl is Moon. She does an awesome job! She always takes good care of me.
What a great place....and the waiter in the bar, Casey, and our waiter for dinner, Barry, we're so nice and so amendable and nice.  Food was excellent!
So disappointing. Everything is way over priced for the quality you receive. I ordered the risotto. It was not even close to cooked, still crunchy. The service is slow and impersonal. This put the nail in the coffin of celeb restaurants for me.
I have never eaten here for breakfast or lunch but I go regularly for dessert.  The cookies and Gelato are great and the Gelato is reasonably priced.   Also the people watching can be fun on weekend nights.
I came here with my fianc\u00e9 while on vacation and I really liked this place.  Food is a bit expensive but I think it is worth it.  It's one of the better places I went to while in Vegas.  I loved the dark atmosphere, it was very calm and romantic.
Had been hearing about this place and decided to stop by yesterday. Had the chicken fried steak, scrambled eggs, hash browns & cinnamon pot of bread. The best thing was the bread. Steak size was kinda small & gravy was bland. Small amount of hash browns. Not worth $12
I discovered the Jake burrito with brisket added is the best $13 burrito I've ever had. Yesterday I had the Carolina Crush, a 10 oz patty stacked with pulled pork and freshly chopped cole slaw. With the seasoned fries, it was amazing! Once again, my expectation were exceeded.
L'endroit est agr\u00e9able, la nourriture est bonne, mais... Ce que l'on propose comme choix n'est pas \u00e0 la hauteur de l'Europea.
This place is a little pricey but very good. I had the the Salad St Tropez which consisted of proscuitto and melon and come with a little caprese side salad and crusty bread.  We also ordered several pastries which were extremely buttery, flakey and not too sweet.
This is a fabulous place to come!!!! I am an esthetician and this place definitely meets my standards on the cleanliness side, like never using the same filling and cutting tools twice. Definitely make an appointment though! They do great quality and Lily and Lynn are great!! Definitely recommend.
L'\u00e9picerie n'applique pas la loi sur la protection du consommateur (Politique d'exactitude des prix) chapitre P-40.1, r. 3
Doesn't compare to Hawaii's famous shaved ice, but its pretty close to it. Very friendly and attentive. The guy working there guided me through the flavors and toppings and gave my daughter a free sample. Will definitely go back! Great place. Very clean and modern.
Food was OK. Not too good a value. Nice, calm atmosphere though.
No longer accepting Groupons!\n\nI went here last night to use a Groupon (that I purchased Aug 30 and expires in Feb 2013) and there is a sign on the door they are no longer accepting Groupons per management.. I guess they don't want any new business!
It's like a greasy Taco Bell, but slightly more expensive. If you want good mexican go to a real mexican restaurant. This is a chain and not a very good one. Nothing on the menu is remotely healthy except maybe the salads. Greasy chips, greasy tacos.
The constant electronic/techno music made me want to shoot myself. There was absolutely no R&B or hip-hop played. The music didn't change all night!
Best Spicy Ahi Poke in town!!! Friendly service and great poke...Life is great!
Swing and a miss.
This is a one-car train built in the 1800s that goes up a large hillside in P-burg. Although not the highlight of our trip, it was fun for a couple bucks. Really nice views of the city. Great spot to stop for a date.
Meh. Perhaps eggs and potatoes were the wrong thing to get. Didn't know you could mess that up... Just not great. The English muffin was fantastic though.
$28.00 for two people to each have a sandwich, share a drink and share fries. Why does two pieces of bread with one item stuck between it cost so much?
I have the best service there! Especially love Mary, she's always helpful, smiling, helps when there are problems, remembers me when I pull up! And she gives my dog Lucky a dog biscuit when he's with me too!
Nothing fancy. Just honest food for a great price. Popular with Seniors and families. For about $10 you get a full meal with salad bar. Great friendly service. Family owned and operated.
Went here with my girlfriends for a late breakfast after a night of partying.\nThe french dip with truffle tator tots hit the spot and helped cure my semi-hangover.\nService was good and my coffee cup was constantly refilled!
Always good food here. Same ole thing every time. Chicken shwarma plate with amazing cucumber salad and spicy hummus! Yum
I recently ordered a very simple cake for mom 90th bday. It was wonderful, taste was great and deco was very beautiful. I was not familiar with this bakery not being from the area, but took a chance based or reviews. We couldn't have asked for better. Eric was very helpful and patient. Worth every penny.
I won't speak for the whole company, but I will tell this branch is undertrained very unfriendly and makes no apologies for it.
This place has a very retro feel. I love the big booths and the entrance is kinda cool(you walk through the kitchen). Great place for a martini for me and a huge steak for the man in my life. :)
Pizza was crushed and all the cheese and toppings stuck to the box.  The driver didn't care.  The store didn't care.  Even wrote corporate and got no response.  Get your pizza some place else as they don't care about your business.
Good sushi.loved the lobster mango roll. They need a happy hour special. Huge menu if you're not into sushi. Don't get the tacos the shells are awful. Great ocean salad
Sadly disappointed. Came in to try the burger and fries but just an ok experience. Cold bun and only came with mayo and ketchup. Maybe these kronuts are how they remain open. There was only one other patron other than me. My search for good eats in the Centennial area continues
The food was fine, but the service was so slow and the entire staff ignored us as we sat there for 30 min trying to get our bill
The food was not only fresh and amazing, but the service was 10 star worthy! Our server Matt went above and beyond and above again to make sure our experience was top notch!
The coolest place downtown. \n\nNOT started by Tony Hsieh and the Downtown Project, but adopted by those folks as home+office while they got things going, and it sure seems like something they would have done.\n\nAmazing specialty drinks. Great (dark, moody) atmosphere.
One word....Horrible! For all the same reasons all these other people hated it. Ticked off too cause I had high hopes for it. Gordan Ramsey please save this place!
I rate Vietnamese restaurants mainly based on the pho.  The pho here is delicious except that the so-called \"rare beef\" isn't rare at all.
Overly hyped. Not really that good, but not too bad either. Very very long wait at lunch 40 minutes!\n\nPricing isn't bad and munching on peanuts while waiting really helped. The burger was definitely fresh and the ton of fries I got makes this place a solid lunch option.
I ate there for my birthday with a few close friends of mine.  We had a great dining experience.  Our service was great and the food was fantastic.  This is a restaurant worth checking out. My new favorite in Las Vegas.
Have eaten at the Jade Palace several times this past winter. Always excellent service and food. It gets busy on the weekends so plan ahead.
Frank, Taylor, and Travis are helpful and happy every day! A good selection of western and English tack!
Absolutely phenomenal!!! Very knowledgeable and fast and I would recommend this place over any other
summer rolls great, rare pho beef not sliced thin so thats the only problem i have, broth is good, a little oily
This is as good as republic ramen. Too expensive and not that good. It's not authentic at all.
This place used to be the go to spot. Real Solid for the most part. Now the food is horribly bland and the egg rolls have some spice in them that is super nasty.\n\nSad
I love southwest! \n\nFriendly staff. Has a sense of humor. Pilots are friendly. spacious seats. Complimentary drinks and snacks. And cheap tickets\n\nWhat's to hate?
Great variety, so so food. I didn't feel great after eating here. Filthy restaurant. The value is in the Mongolian stir fry. If you stick with that, you can't go wrong for the price.
Great food - especially the grilled meats.  Try the Chicken BBQ, Pork BBQ or Galbi.  Remember to grab some of the free soup, it's always yummy.  The owners are very nice people and the food is consistently good.
Service is terrible.  Fly through CLT every week.  Service here is terrible
Never have I ever wrote a review for place, but I just had to with this particular place. Long story short I would not recommend ever buying a car from this place and these people, terrible service. Terrible everything! No need to say anymore.
Tony is without doubt makes the best drinks in town.  Always pleasant and takes very good care of his customers.  That is the only bartender I will go when I am staying at the Vdara.  Drinks are price accordingly.  Try it u will like it.
I am a montecristo sandwich connoisseur, and this place has definitely one of the best I've ever tasted.  All the other food was certainly passable breakfast fare.  The coffeecake was the lightest textured coffeecake I'd ever encountered.  Four stars for the montecristo, three for the food in general.
I have ate here on a daily basis for more than 6 months now and have received extraordinary service each time. The staff is fast and friendly. I'm lucky to have such a great place to each lunch so close to work.
We picked this burger joint because Lucille's was packed. \n\nA very satisfying burger, with loads of fries, sweet potato fries, or onion rings. \n\nI wlked out with a smile, and a big belly.
The morning buns are awesome and cupcakes are good.  Stopped in just because it was on cupcake wars. Were surprised with the smaller selection of cupcakes, but definitely try their other bakery items too!
I had to get some body work done on my Honda and get the windshield replaced as well. This place did all the work and charged a really good rate. They were very polite and professional.
This show was soo much more exciting when it was just a pirate show. There is no plot to this anymore. Just half naked women. We got soo bored halfway thru that we just walked away.
Rude, over priced, staff takes their time returning calls, and does several tests not needed to increase your bill. Pet lovers beware.
Unless you're flying international on a foreign airline, no airline can touch Virgin America. I actually feel like a paying customer and not a low-rate private in the Marines.
We bought an online gift certificate for this place while we were in Vegas and were pleasantly surprised,  Service was excellent. I had a ribeye that was perfectly perfectly prepared and the sides were great too.  I ended my meal with the creme brulee and it was great!  For a restaurant inside a casino it was really first rate.
Nice comfortable hotel.  No coffee available from 24-hour room service.  Musty smell in room 606.   Great patio.  Good but expensive breakfast buffet.
It was pretty tasty and the prices were good. We called in our order, walked in and payed. Then waited 20 minutes until I asked where was our food. They handed me a bag that was sitting behind them the whole time so our food was now cold and not as fresh. Service is were they lacked.
I called to get an idea on fixing a plumbing issue.  The person on the phone was very rude and short.  Needless to say I'll take my business elsewhere.
Food was excellent! A must stop when in Casa Grande. Florentine omelet outstanding! We will return.
This evil monopoly is always jacking up their rates and they will bust your balls about late payments and arrangements. They closed the location here so now it NV Energy and you have to pay at the grocery store,etc. We use Luckys or Smiths.
Found this place thanks to Yelp! Some friends and I were craving pho late night Labor Day weekend and we couldn't be happier with this place. I have been back several times since. The food is fresh and so cheap, a good go-to for your pho fix.
Nice ambiance and good seafood for AZ. Would definitely recommend this place. Waiter also gave us free dessert!
Went with the waffle dogs..suggest you maybe split it with someone( eat two fast!) and order a breakfast entree
Very nice little shop. I went in to get Cinnabun which was fresh and wonderful. Can't wait to try the sandwiches.\n\nUpdate. The sandwiches are awesome. The breads are out of this world!
Always nice, fast with filling medications. Glad the store is open 24 hours has been helpful, especially for my boyfriend who works nights, better selection than circle k.
Got my nails done on Friday and by Monday they were chipped. Pedicure lasted less than 2 weeks. The #4 pedicure is wonderful but not enough to keep me coming back.
Best airport coffee place ever! Great people, it's like a real coffee house. They really care about the coffee and the experience. I think they should charge more. Most places would charge double for much less.
I bought a groupon in May.  They were too busy to honor it.  So I waited until August.  I have tried to reach them for 3 months and they never return phone calls or emails.  If you want to get flat out ripped off, use Extremecleaning.  They are the pros at cleaning your wallet of money!
Great gelato!  Come try this new small business in old town Scottsdale!
The burgers here look great, sound great, taste good but are overpriced.  The fries and onion rings are good as well.  The real superstar at Holsteins is their adult milk shakes omg to die for!
Never tried a fat burger til I wen there.\n\neven in  the AM, there was a line.  Price was above normal range for me.
Small venue well located. The bartenders are good and quick. I was happy that I didn't pay for my drinks or my admission. Overall the space is small, but it will do in a pinch. I can't say how it is on normal nights due to the fact that it was rented out.
Ac didnt work cleaning staff walked in without knocking wont be staying here again
I had BBQ pork and BBQ spare ribs over rice....not bad...you really can not mess this plate much....good and quick....Cheap...good value...
Rediscovering chick-fil-a. Love the chicken nuggets and chicken sandwiches.  this place is addicting, seriously what so they put in the chicken breeding! I used to have this all the time back in college and now I remember why.  What a refreshing blast from the past.
This area was ok for the Hype that was given for it. To ride the High Roller at the  Linq it is $35 a person plus entertainment tax. Did not do that. They have many shops and Pubs along the walk way. It was a change from what was there.
good good. the only thing keeping me away from there are the perverted workers.
Great friendly service. Quick came to this location based on these yelp reviews. I would definitely return to this smog stop $16.99 when you mention yelp ad. Took 1minute
You can't go wrong with Amelie's.  Always a great place to grab coffee, a nice lunch or late night dessert.
Food was great. Had never been to a fast food Steak 'n Shake. Would have rather had a full service restaurant. But all and all it's about the food. Yummy!!
Pretty good food and helpful staff. I got the combination plate of BBQ items (duck and pork) and it was good. If you're into Sam Woo check this place out.
dirty hotel inside n out.  Many people walking around outside n hanging around.  Less than a quarter of a roll of tp when we arrived and WE KILLED 4 COCKROACHES!!!  never again will we stay here!
Food really good.  On the spicy side.  Love this new Quad area!  Although service not good.  Food Came Before drinks, and Server Not Very Friendly or helpful... :(
This is a gorgeous property. I had a great time walking and playing in the casino. Be sure to check out the art work and videos of old school Vegas on the second floor. This is a must visit when in Las Vegas.
The best at removing ingrown nails.
Into pho now and enjoy Saigon Noodle for that too very much.  The broth is not knock-out on its own - - but add in the meats in the soup and the alchemy that is adding in the condiments, then, by the end, you are planning your next visit.
Mal organisado, no habia nada pregubte por pastelillos no habian pregunte por Sandwiches no habian y tampoco croquetas, Rolys es el mejor
Fish was overall good but did not taste very fresh and is not worth the price.  Very good service.
I go there whenever I am on that side of town.  Always good food, reasonable prices, nice staff.\n\nI really like there burritos, tacos de asada,  There hot sauce is really good not sure its house made or commercial but really good.
Very poor service, overpriced, fried rice was ok, pork buns were decent, grilled shrimp was bland. I think restaurant is overatted and over
Great place. Everyone is super friendly. Got the house coffee and a bagel. Bagel was delicious!! My mom loved her mocha. Definitely coming back
We have eaten at HHAGG twice. There portions are enormous AND delicious. We have both eaten something different on each occasion and are yet to be disappointed. The use of spices and food combinations, although very different, are absolutely amazing! You will not be disappointed.
Not really sure what all the hype was about. The food is alright, prices average, decor plain, and service adequate. Definitely not worth a special trip. And the buffet is not offered all the time so make sure you check on that before you arrive.
Ordered the Salted Carmel in a waffle cone, it was the best ice cream I have had in a really long time.  They have such a variety of flavors.  Well worth it.
Had super high expectations based on the reviews, but food was bland, service was terrible, and we took our food to go and they forgot the grape leaves-the whole reason I got the veggie spreads plate!  Not cool!  Won't return.
In comparison to other Forever 21s, this one really doesn't have that much merchandise. It's a little dirty and not the greatest. Because it's forever 21 though, I'll continue going for the cheap prices.
I been here twice and it does the job but I found a cheaper place with better equipment, the tubs for self wash are on the small size, space is limited, you can't rise or lower the tubs as other places (again cheaper places) .  Eh I wanted to like cause its close to me but I will make a further drive
their desserts were awesome but the rest of the food was just okay... very average. good ambience and friendly service  though. the line-up here was ridiculously long for some reason (like more than an hour)
The Cup Cakes here are tasty but oh so small. For the price of the cup cakes I would like to see them bigger, 90% of the cupcakes here look like they haven't had enough time in the oven and haven't baked high enough. Although these are tasty little treats the price isn't worth it to me.
Just moved to the neighborhood and decided to stop by for lunch on Saturday around 12:30pm. The door was locked, lights were off and chairs were still on the tables... not sure why they were not open during their regular business hours!
Very helpful, knowledgable and repairs reasonably priced.
This is a fancy Walgreens all bedazzled out.  If you are looking for beauty products it's like walking into Ulta.  And Sephora is next door too.  We got a bottle of Belvedere Vodka $36, red bulls, and water for our pre-game and it was worth it.
Just got four new tires here from Tanner and Brent.  On a Thursday morning, they had me in and out in 30 minutes.  Couldn't have been easier.
The atmosphere is suffocating,  no air or ventilation. There are people including staff/security involved with selling drugs and also drugging girls. It was the worst experience ever and it made me want to never go out in old town scottsdale again. Spread the word.
One of the better sushi places I've been to in Pittsburgh!
Always get good service here though sometimes its a tad slow. The foods always made the way i like it too. Which is why i come here. Which is also why im the duchess :)
I'm not much of a fish n chips kinda girl, but I would definitely come back to this place. Try the haddock, it's amazing!
As the kosher options in Vegas are limited, I frequented pretty much all of the options. This spot was easily the best kosher option. Highly recommended!
This place is awesome. The service is great and the food is similar to Pete's Fish and Chips, but the red sauce is spicier (hence better). I grew up on fish like this, so this is like a bite of childhood. Awesome.
Update: On our last visit  we met a bartender called Derek.   Service was much better than the first couple go rounds and everything truly came out on time.  He mixes one hell of a great Lobsterita!  What a difference one good person can make eh?
Order a Bacardi and coke...... Except don't expect to get Bacardi rum in your drink. You ask for high level liquor and they give u well liquor
This place is silly on more than a few levels but....I just can't leave Vegas without enjoying their grilled cheese and tomato soup on the outdoor patio facing the strip.\n\nFor me, at least, it's just the quintessential Vegas experience.
Horrible experience with staff. So rude I wrote to Corp on their website and will never return. They do have a good game selection so I listed 2 stars. Enjoy a human version of Jabba the Hutt when you visit.
Brought in some raw denim jeans for a small stitching repair near the pocket. She repaired the jeans in a few mins while I grabbed some food nearby. Seems like quality work since I can't even tell where the problem was. The service was very good and I plan to bring anything else I need tailored here.
Stayed at this Best Western when I was in Phoenix recently and it was actually pretty comfortable. Yes, the hotel backs up right against I-17 but honestly, I feel like the highway noise was barely noticeable.\n\nI consider this Best Western to be well maintained and a good place to stay for an inexpensive price.
Just ok!
Starbucks is 'ok' , I'm not really a fan of their coffee, I like the fact that they have restrooms and I love the cheese Danish.
Wow. This is the king buffet of all buffets! Awesome food, awesome service, and awesome ambiance! Any time I am in Vegas or anyone for that matter, this is a must stop!
Food - 5 star and service - 1 star.  Get take-out instead!
This was a great show! A true must see in Vegas! Ray was amazing! We danced we sang and we did \"the bird\"!
Eggs Benedict is a classic and they do a great job. The inside is so much more inviting than before the remodel. Great job. Service is very good but a little stuffy. Highly  recommend
Great place! \n\nFood was excellent. Some of the best HK style food I've had. Service was great and the food came out fast. \n\nI highly recommend it if you need a break from all the buffets!\n\nI'm definitely coming back on my next trip to vegas!
I have been going here for a few months now, and already I'm in much better physical condition, and I'm becoming a better fighter. What I love is that there are no contracts, you get to pay monthly at very reasonable prices and your first class is free, so come join us and be part of the BCF family!
Favorite Thai food in Charlotte.  Slammed for lunch, but they'll get you fed quickly.  Curries very good.  Best known for Pud Thai.  Dare you to get 4**** or more.  Friendly, efficient staff.  Seems like everyone in Charlotte goes to East Blvd Thai Taste.
Nice place. It's cool that you can see all that football memorabilia from Shula's dolphin years. They even put a football on your table with their meat menu on it. Pretty cool. Had a great filet! And the crab Mac & cheese is awesome! Some premium oysters on a half shell too!
Called from marketplace mall area... When i told the girl on the phone, she said that I was serviced by a different location and that they were closed.  Then she hung up on me without as much as a goodbye.  Wow... No effort to satisfy a customer at all.
The atmosphere was amazing. The sushi was fresh but lacked pizzaz and taste. My order was incorrect and the waitress was busy so i ended up just shutting my mouth. The bathroom was disgusting. The price was decent .. happy hour prices. I wont be back. Major dissapointment.
Crowded and over priced for drinks. It was meh.
Overpriced (for what you get) but you should already be expecting that already.  The staff was actually a little annoying - food was enjoyable though - 3.5-stars if I could.
SOOO SLOW!   Seriously.  We've been waiting for an hour.  For spaghetti.  No wonder there are only four other tables of people here. The garlic knots are pretty good though.
Love this place. I've been going there since I was a kid with my parents. I now take my child there. \n\nPrices have gone up a bit...but the food is still great. I especially like the fajitas and the asada tacos.
Looked awesome for a few days.  Did not fade as well as I would have liked.  Obvious line at hand
Consistently the best airport in the country!
Helllooo salespeople!  Enough with the attitude.  \nDon't forget...I'm shopping. You're working.
Overpriced and their brisket was below average at best. Midwood Smokehouse is far better and better priced.
Unless you have time for a three hour lunch, I would avoid this place like the plague.  People around us were walking out because they got tired of waiting for their food. Then to top it off, when the food finally arrived it was cold. Horrible experience.
Delicious pizza. Friendly staff. I always get the #2 and add bacon. All meat pizza. A great meal before a night out.
Absolutely awesome!!! Food is fantastic and service matches! Our second time here and will for sure be back many more times. Don't miss this place!
The food was marvelous, the setting lovely, and the staff extremely friendly and helpful. We went to several restaurants while vacationing in Montreal and this was by far our favorite.
Great experience! Had a mani and pedi and they were so attentive of me. Whenever they did take a while to get back to me they apologized and continued their job. I will definitely be going back.
Good place for a drink and some snacks.  The oysters are awesome.
Overrated. Service was slow, food was mediocre and a bit pricey for the service/food you get. I had satay chicken and the meat was dry and the sauce was crumbly. Then I ordered the pad-see-ew and it was super salty.
Horrible service. Food and drinks were not very good, bland and greasy. Wont be going back!
Horrible! We were excited to eat here because of the name. However, the hot dogs were dried out and disgusting, buns were dry, and there are no refills on soda. I would suggest walking a couple of doors down to the burger joint.
Eggs Benadict to die for!
I went to boondocks just the other day and had the wings and fries- they were absolutely amazing. I loved the vibe that the place gave you and the staff was beyond friendly and attentive. \n\n definitely making this my new spot with friends :)
Went to this place for lunch and was impressed. A big selection of food to choose from, very clean and a friendly and attentive staff. Loved the lo mein and those little donut things with sugar. Yum
I like the food but felt it was a bit overpriced. Also I thought the portions were small however the quality of the food is great
Regular crowded bar, casual style, somewhat high priced. Convenient location in the Epicentre
Absolute worst service for average but overpriced food. Server Kailen/jamien at the bar was extremely rude took him 10 minutes to get just a drink never mind the 30 min wait for the food. Also goes by AM bar on the receipt. Boo.
I know they moved from the 35th ave location to union hills and the I-17 in the core institute building. Call 602-751-6437 she can help you
Awesome Bar Food!!!!
Quiet and romantic atmosphere in the back by the large windows.  Friendly service and large portions.  Nice local steakhouse.
I have eaten here several times. Average Chinese. What took the case today was the refusal of the chef to give me sushi Togo. He was concerned about the integrity. You are not f$$$ in nobu. I am so tired of average chefs trying to be better than they think they are.
I have been using Emotions of Light for over a decade! They are a perfect mix of professional and personable, making all feel comfortable during our sessions. Angel is amazing, she actually waded into 4 feet deep ocean surf just to get the most beautiful shot. Love them!
The library is beautiful but security is retarted strict lol
Great place! I gave four stars though because if you want to subscribe to the broadway series, the only way to get good seats is to already have had them the previous year. The only choices we had for being new subscribers was second to last row. And just a warning, those steps up to the top are steep!
Horrible service.  Plus you are made to move even when no other cars are in line.  10 minutes for a combo? ??
Honeydew boba is so yummy. I've had better pho.  Servers are nice
Good but not as good as Cheyenne location
Great food and atmosphere. Will definitely come again
I couldn't be happier with my experience. I've had horrific dental care elsewhere that now gives me serious dental anxiety, and Dr. Jacobsen and his staff took extra good care of me to make sure I was well cared for and comfortable. I absolutely recommend Starfire Dental.
Went to Nikki and asked for a TRIM and said I was trying to grow out to one length.  She cut 5 inches off my hair and layered it. Beware.
Highly recommend this place. Thanks to yelp I have found some of the best donuts in town!  I will be back!
I went there in March to see whats the hype is all about. Ambiance was great but food was ok and services were terrible.  Definitely not worth the price
Great food, nice atmosphere, and interesting wine selection. Something for every palette.
The Tom Kha is delicious. All of the curry's hit the spot as well, my favorite is the red bean. Thai Cuisine has many traditional dishes as well, don't be afraid to try something you've never had before. As far as my decade of experience goes here, all of the food is good.
Pretty nice place to get coffee:3
Had my second massage with Marica yesterday & my first facial with Cristina.  These ladies are a-mazing.  Beyond.  They are both so sweet & friendly, and fantastic at what they do.  I left feeling incredible and can't wait to go back.  Seriously A+ service from these two ladies!
Basil rolls very good.  Service good, food good.  Pad Kee Mow tasty, a nice kick to it, filling.
I don't remember much about this place except for one of the drink specials they had the night I was there- $5 Patron shots.. Ya I definitely took advantage of that.. 4 stars!
Not their largest location, but I LOVE this location.  Has great items and the stafff is SUPER nice.  So easy to go shopping here.\n\nThere is a little of everything here, consignment and new items and everything is at very competitive pricing.
The Boys at Desert Rat are awesome.  I hate car stuff and am always afraid of being taken because I am  a women.   When I went is they asked what the problem was and took care of me without  trying to tell me I needed more than just the shocks.  I felt comfortable with them.  I will send everyone I know.  Thanks guys!!!
Great place for a dog!  We live in Indiana and go see him when we are in Scottsdale.  Nice to keep locals in business!
This place has been the best part of living in the desert!  Don't forget to \"Plank it\" over those rocks!!!
pretty high end outdoor mall....kind a duck is a pretty cool shop. http://kingandduck.com/\n\nhowever i would have preferred it be an indoor mall.  i'm so not use to that  summer heat.
We went at noon and the three lions were all sleeping!
Food was nasty, definitely not fresh and  service was horrible! Plus there was no reason why there should've been a wait time when there were a ton of tables available. We are definitely sticking to hot & juicy. Because this joint ain't nowhere near its level.
Took my wife and parents here in Early May and it was awful this time. I was shocked.  Smelly crab legs, and overall quality had gone downhill. I'd rather pay 10-20 more on a meal and leave happy and satisfied than save a little cash. Too bad as I really liked this place the year before.
Amazing food. You have to try this place. The falafel platter was cooked to perfection. The chicken shawarma was full of flavor.  For dessert, the baklava is not overly sweet.
Amazing place.
CORRECTION --\n\nThe name of the LOUSY chef here is BOB,   NOT John.   I just visited again last week and got the names mixed up.  \n\nSee my lousy review for Chef Bob.  He needs to get the ax, seriously.
Overpriced for slightly above average food. Very nice, clean and the food was fresh. I had to over stuff myself to feel like I got my moneys worth. There wasn't anything that I really hated or loved.
I thought the burgers were good... They are fancy and elaborate. I tend to like my burgers more plain. My friend thought his was one of the best he's ever had. I think it's all personal preference. Overall a good place to grab a beer and grub without leaving the hotel.
Hayden Hidalgo...stop leaving your crap flyers in unwanted sections of stores. Your gym sucks and you make it almost impossible for someone to cancel their membership.
Ate at the Brat Haus today for the first time and had the pepper jack brat and the fried chicken, so delicious! In addition had really great service!\nI will definitely eat there again.
Venue is too small, music is Amazing! Size definitely matters for this place!
Cheesecurds and Old Fashions.....That's all you need.
Great coffee shop! Nice place to meet clients or friends. Very friendly people.
It has all the stores I need. It's not far from where I used to live. I have no complaints. A small face lift (which is what's happening now) is what's needed to spruce things up but besides that, can't complain.
Small selection of food here,but for the price I guess its ok.Its not all Chinese, there was some American food as well. Some of the food seemed old and service was ok. Was driven in by cheap price but your better off paying more for a more quality buffet.
Over-priced, mediocre sandwiches and boring coffee. They wouldn't make breakfast after 10 even though they cook it fresh. Is it against some kind of regulation to grab an egg out of the fridge? \nIf you love this place you haven't really been around. There are much better choices within walking distance.
I've never had banh mi that I thought would break my teeth while eating it.  Not to mention this particular lee's was very frugal of the meat toppings.
Loved Sprinkles since my first taste back in Calif.  It is surely a guilty pleasure, I don't have them often since the price is a bit high just for a cupcake.  I love the artistry behind everything though!
Loved This hotel. Only complaint was the Marque club music thumped in our room all night
I was so happy with my choice of cheese whiz over provolone.  Normally I love provolone, but my husband ordered his cheesesteak with provolone and it was lacking in flavor.  If you ask me, the whiz makes the cheesesteak.  Try the sweet potato fries with their house sauce.
I wish I  could give it less.  They used to be good.  The owner was a jerk on the phone.
Not a fan of this place.  For the price (which is a lot), the curry is fairly bland and uninspired.  Maybe it was a bad night but then again maybe this is a bad review.
Great selection ! Great prices !
So decided to get some wings because I had the urge to eat some wings and, well I was desperate, haha.  \n\nWhat I received was a very sad stack of chicken wings.  They were under sized and over cooked again :P. \n\nNever again
Went to get a smaller TV for my recently remdeled bathroom. I left with a 24\" Samsung LED....smokin deal! Thanks
Good tex-mex food for Scotland ;) big and filling! Just wish Britain could figure out how to do mexican (spanish) rice right!
I had the combo kabob #19 $11.95 comes with a pork chop. chicken. beef. Lula..served with rice or French fries or salad The staff is great the food is good... great place to take a date
My God this place is ....I don't have word I am a Mexican American and my grandmother was the only one that can quench my pallet with flavors of my ancestors and this place is as close as a restaurant can get ...
Horrible service! The lady on the phone was very rude to me.
Personally, I would never recommend any of my friend live there. It was like a terrible mass! They are really over-rented and out of hand. Once you paid your rent, their mission is done.
The restaurant was very adorable and the food was quite good, but the service was absolutely aweful. The waitress said but 5 words to us the entire time we were there and what she did say, she said it like she did not care what so ever. In my opinion, good food does not make up for horrible customer service.
The waiter was not that attentive and brought cold fries. Asked for no tomato and had to pick them from my burger. Very noisy place too. I think the place is just ok....
Tanner was an excellent server and the Chimichanga's were very good.
Price is great, love the fact kids and dogs are welcomed.  I do not like the buffet serving the same thing daily.  I love the ice cream machine with toppings.  Staff is great, clean, and relaxing.
I love this place! I've been eating here since I was a kid and it used to be D's Thai Food. I've never had a bad meal here!
Awesome food! Awesome service! Only gripe I have is that the bar needs barstools w backs. The metal stools are horrible!!!! Overall super mucho good!!!! And a few TV's at the bar or outside as well.
Stores in phoenix all closed!!!  Pity!
Great date shake. They have nice amenities, some dates for sale, and friendly people. They also have lots of parking under the trees to grab a nap, a nice kennel for your dog, and is a great place to stop in the desert.
Really good sushi.  Always fresh and the chef makes good conversation when I am there on lunch.  I get the sushi quite fast as well.
LOVE this place.  \n\nFood is always good, service is always good, and the Roadhouse Cherry Limeade is ALWAYS good.\n\nEasy for datenight of for family night with a rambunctious 4 year old.
Stopped in around noon on Saturday, we were the only ones in the place.  Bartender was attentive and somewhat talkative.  Can't really say much more.  Price was about right and beer selection was great for the location.
izikaya in vegas.  it has pretty much the same menu as ichiza with triple the space.   my husband liked how there were pictures with the menu.  i just wish they actually used honey on the honey toast and not just pancake syrup (my husband was a fan though)  at least there's usually no wait! :)
This place was just okay to me. I got the watermelon ice with vanilla custard. The ice was too syrupy tasting and only somewhat tasted like watermelon, but the custard was good. Great idea, but just not for me.
Bring your kids and your sweet tooth !  Great selection except for the make your own sugar stick area.  Most of the powders were out, but my niece made the best out of it \nwith the little selection she had.
Below average across the board (service, atmosphere, prices and food). The menu is unimaginative and the food mirrors that comment. It just sucks spending money at a place like this when there are so many better places that are better...that includes the mcdonalds across the street.
Clean and food is alright. \n\nStaff is friendly. \n\nI'm sure you can find better value for your money if you are willing to take a short walk. \n\nThey do have a buffet and a wide selection for a menu.
Better than Smashburger. Cant get enough of their onion rings and BBQ Burger. Give it a try, you will be back for more.
Wasn't able to try the food\nAfter waiting for 15 min for service, we left!
Boris does it right. Was referred here by my boss and nearly a year later can still say I'm happy he did. Perfect fades and the traditional barber style hot cloth and massage are a nice touch to an already stellar hair cut.
Exceptional menu. Exceptional food (fantastic onion soup) from entree to sides to sliders; the beer list is extraordinary and a great staff! You should not be disappointed.
Service is good. Food is great. Too many kids running around.\nMore like a glorified pizza place at a mall food court.
I do not care how convenient this place is to my home, there is simply no excuse for them to charge 10 cents more per gallon than anywhere else on Charleston Rd. when they cannot even keep the floors of their store clean, nor their lot free of vagrants begging for change.
Great coffee and helpful service.  I can definitely see myself stopping in for a relaxing Saturday morning coffee and newspaper or to get specialty items for a nice meal.  It reminded me a lot of La Grand Orange.  I look forward to returning sometime soon. :)
Steak was good. A little on the salty side but did the job. I would go back but would look at other options first.
We switched from a 'competitor' to Quality in the middle of or stay in Madison.  The switch was the right choice for use because the Quality Inn was great!  The rooms were spacious and clean.  The pool and spa were great!  The expanded breakfast was delicious.  We had a great experience here.
Great Place for Lunch!  The wait staff is very nice and greet you as you come in. I had the double jeopardy sandwich which is half pastrami half corned beef triple decker sandwich! WOW! So much sandwich for the money!
Great Food...best Greek Salad!!  A little small gets crowded fast. Prices  Good !  love the New one in old town Scottsdale
Solid 3 maybe a bit higher. Late nite in terminal c it sure beats fast food. Steak fried rice is pretty good with a cold Singha beer. Note, this is a twenty, but it tastes pretty good for airport food.
One of the few places with legitimate Mexican food in Pittsburgh!  And it comes from a taco truck!  If you're craving authentic Mexican food, this should hit the spot.
Depeche Mode and grilled cheese. Have some wine while you try to forget you live in Vegas. Relax while a tall crust punk makes your snack.
Discovered Siena Bistro last spring. It's been a favorite for breakfast ever since. It's lovely to sit outside and enjoy the view and peacefulness.\n\nThe frittata and eggs carbonara are great. Service has always been attentive. \n\nIt's really a great value.
Definitely not worth the $35. It's decent as far as buffets go, hence two stars instead of one, but there are so many other places to eat where you won't get ripped off and have decent food.
Had dinner here a while ago and the food was delicious!! \n\nJust tried to visit for lunch (should have checked the opening hours\n!!) ...opens at 4pm!! Bummer
I have one word to describe both the restaurant and club at Tao:\nHYPE.
Painfully slow service here and then discovered they got our small, simple order wrong.  Staff not very polite either.  Won't be back.  Much better bagel place on the other side of the highway by Four Peaks brewery.
Three stars on price. Four stars for the food. FIVE STARS for the Chicken and the Egg breakfast!! \nEverything was perfectly prepared. Atmosphere was that of the European market.
Good service and good food but they over cooked all of our steaks but overall nice place.
Overall the place is good, only down fall is long wait before you see the Dr. Dr Norton is great however when ever I see him I feel rushed.
Consistantly the best mexican food in the city. I have tried every other mexican joint and still nothing stacks up to Las Velas. My personal favorite is the fish tacos and the il cilantro. I try to make it out at least one every couple of months.
The brisket is so good it made me question my atheism.  The mac 'n cheese is also killer.
First timer and let me tell you BOMB! :) I definitely traded TJ ' S Homestyle which is down the street. I loved it here.
gracias x la atencion.. y solucionar el.mal.entendido.. habla de un buen negocio.. y comprensible due\u00f1o ;)
Super friendly and cool place! Just bought two cups of coffee and the coffee was pretty good, definitely not like French press/ pour over fancy, but still good drip coffee! The art was neat too!
Great bar!!\n\nBest cheese curds in the state!!! I'm a fried cheese curd connoisseur and I'm calling it like I see it.
Nice and clean place. The Thai iced tea and green curry were good. Not too sweet compared to others. We have also ordered the BBQ chicken and pad see yew, both were quite average. Overall an average place - not something I'll miss terribly if gone.
Under cooked burger, basic fries and a soda for a little over $9.  sorta rude environment.  probably will never go back.
Absolutely amazing. I would have paid double, they are that great. This show was so hot, it got my panties wet. Not to mention, he has a hot ass. If you are in planet Hollywood theater any seat is great, small venue comfy seats. So worth the VIP seating. Get there now!!!!
The staff here is super friendly, informative and proud of their product. Classy selection of teas.
As good as the original in terms of both service and food, just in larger and more central premises.
Todd does such a wonderful job! I am so happy with the services he provides. I would recommend him to anyone looking for a great landscaper!
Just had another great meal from Zaw's.  I have tried something different every time I've gone there and they do not disappoint.    \n\nI love Zaw's and will go back soon.
A great place to go for a special occasion, or with business clients.  If you make a reservation, be sure to ask for the main dining room. The decor, from floor to ceiling, is wonderful.  For a more casual experience, as to sit on the enclosed porch.
Saw Lisa Landry here on Saturday night. SOOO funny! The place wasn't huge, but comfortable. I had a great time! Would definitely recommend it. The price is worth it. Was $15/person.
Awesome BBQ felt like I was in the SOUTH :-)
This is my favorite vegan place in town. I can't wait till they open at the Fashion show mall.  \nLOVE carrot cake cookie sandwich\n\nAnd YES you can get regular meat also.
Interesting concept and excellent food.  Only complaint is I felt a bit rushed trying to figure out how the menu worked. Place was packed at 1:30 and looks like they need to expand.  Had the burger Benedict with slaw which was very filling.  I'll be back
great food, huge portion sizes!
Probably the worst Mexican food I have ever had. And I have eaten at Taco Bell. Super low quality!
I ALMOST gave up on trying after multiple fails on rude service and being so unorganized.  The past few times have been a great & cheerful experience though.  They definitely got it together and found a team that works!!  I never met a soup I did not like at panera!!
BREAKFAST REVIEW ONLY.\n\nStopped in for b-fast.  Nice place.  Super friendly service.  Good food, presented well.  Good coffee.  A little on the pricey side.  Would go back.
Very good vegan options; there's quality and taste. As good as it gets! :)\nTheir tiramisu is amazing, by the way!!
It's so nice to finally see \"Mediterranean\" food becoming more mainstream because, it's DEELISH and less guilt provoking than some other options. I need to frequent this place more!
Hummus is very good. Not a place you'd want to \"go out\" for dinner but great for a quick bite to eat. Would go there again.
Would not recommentd.  The rooms were very outdated.   Our room also had a weird smell to it.  During our stay we got locked in our hotel. Locked in. We had to call room service to let us out of the room !   Worst stay at a Las Vegas hotel so far.
It is one of my favorite cafes in town. Awesome food and nice place to spend your time at.
LOVE IT HERE! The beet salad was amazing! the stuffed mushrooms were delicious! and possibly the best tiramisu I have ever had! We definitely will be back when we visit Montreal again! The owner Lorenzo was so great and made our friends birthday very special!
Best late night place to eat after a night of partying and whatevers.  Good food, nuff said.
Service has never been friendly to me and food has been subpar. Also, they have been written up for the past two years in ACHD due to MICE droppings. Would not suggest this place at all.
Meh... nothing too special. Flavorless food with slow service...
I didn't like anything... Expensive rest home food...  Actually the salad bar was ok, that's why they got an extra star..
I'm becoming a regular here, the prices are just right, the food is very good and the drinks are amazing, I will agree with my fellows yelpers, they don't get 5 stars because their service, not bad but could be better.
I have had several friends and clients use Southwestern Pediatrics for child care and had nothing but positive feedback about Dr. Lokey and her staff.  As a Dad, I understand how important quality pediatric care is.  Doesn't matter if it is just for a sports physical or those unexpected emergencies.  Glad to have them in Gilbert!
Ordered Pizza for pick up. They gave us OLD pizza. Must have been sitting for at least an hour. Awful terrible pizza!!! Called to complain. They could care less. Last time I get pizza from them.\n\nThey should be embarrassed!
Two of us came here for New Year Eve dinner.  We were sat in the lounge area for dinner.  Granted we were walk-in and the main dining area was full.  The food was good, but nothing too special.  It was expensive for what it was.  Given so many options in Vegas, I probably will not go back.
Camelback Toyota offers great service with super new facilities to keep their customers busy while they wait. I'm grateful for the free wi-fi and cafe. I haven't used the service yet, but they also allow you to check out an iPad while you wait. Neat-o!
Desserts are really good and worth going for. All kitchen food is not bad, but definitely not their specialty.
Don't come here. Our service was terrible.  My drink came AFTER my food and both were ordered at the same time. My friends food (quesadilla) was only 2 tiny triangles. Food is over priced. Not worth a penny. Vegas is full of good food. Save yourself the experience and go somewhere else!
This place has a great feel to it...comfortable and rustic.  The wood fired oven is quite a showpiece in red tile.  The pizza was delicious...we tried the Gem with sausage and pepperoni from DeFalco's, ricotta cheese and garlic - yummy!  The service was good too.
I just came here for the pupusas and the empanadas de platano and they were delicious!!\nService is kind of slow , but it's worth the wait!
Had a long layover and this was a nice treat to find. Was dreading eating the overpriced, terrible fast food airports usually have! We got the charcuterie plate, the Mediterranean flatbread, and the chicken sandwich. Everything was delicious and the Chenin blanc they had for the special this month was superb!
Host manager sucked royal. Didn't know how to prioritize custmers over staff and when confronted, no manager skills. Shouldn't be a manager!! Carlita the server was good and the manager who apologized for the other manager was also good. Over all food was not all that. Will not recommend or go back.
What a great place to bring your date! Their desserts are very good after a nice hearty meal from any of the many restaurants on St. Catherine.\n\nTheir crepes and fondue are simply decadent!
Awesome.. great food ambiance and service..
I've been here for lunch twice recently and it's delicious! I had the drunken chicken rice and yellow curry lunch specials. Recommend both, yummy!
Worst sushi experience.  We are not sure why this restaurant has any positive reviews.  Save your money and/or go to another sushi restaurant.  Do not order the teriyaki chicken or anything else for that matter.  You'll know you should probably leave as soon as you walk in.  This sushi restaurant is probably featured weekly on dirty dining.
Very bad salon bad attitude they make customer wait for so long. I just needed a design on my nail they made me wait for an hour I don't recommend it at all.
Was a little skeptical because my family and I have eaten at quite a few Indian restaurants in town and there have only been a couple that have passed the test. Taj Palace is definitely another Indian restaurant that we will be frequenting in Las Vegas!
Excellent ambience, good sushi. Great place to bring a date.
I have always enjoyed being here. I have had great meals.  Friendly staff
F--- this place. I would give them NO stars if possible. Should have some sort of disclaimer stating that paid admission does not guarantee entrance into the club. Stood in line for 2+ hours before finally deciding to cut my losses and bounce.
We were at Hank's last month and I can say the service and quality of the food is superb! Try the fillet Mignon on the bone, its really memorable. The wine list is extensive and well priced. The impressive part of our meal was the service, it shows that servers are well trained and management cares about their restaurant.
I usually really like this spot, but only moderately impressed past 2 visits.  I had the black spaghetti with shrimp.  I really expected a lot more flavor but now I know.  Anyway, really great service and I'll go back hoping it comes back around in my opinion.
Stayed here over the Labor Day Weekend and loved it. Had so much fun under one roof.\n\nGood eateries, great pool, great selection of games & most of all very friendly staff. Hope to stay here again when the chance comes up.
Fun place.
Hit and miss - sometimes it's good; other times not so good.  Everything is microwaved except for the grilled sandwiches and wraps.  The bread is standard grocery bread - dry, tasteless.  The baked goods are pretty decent -especially the coffee cake.
Worth the hype, especially if your drunk. This place definitely hits the spot after a night out at Marquee!
YUMMY! Nothing fancy but some really good Greek food!
Great view of the valley. Unfortunately, the menu, food and service were a little disappointing. Food came out luke warm and was just okay.
I wanted their Maine lobster roll, but they run out so I decided to try the popcorn shrimp ($9.99). All I can say, Popeye's popcorn shrimp taste  better to me.
I love this place! The food is incredible, its so fresh and delicious. I work nearby and visit frequently. Vegetarians and meat eaters will love this place!
Just around the corner has been pet sitting for me for over 3 years. Teresa and team are great. I never worry about my dog with Teresa. \nJust around the corner is incredibly trustworthy, reliable and caring. \nCompletely recommend!
This is about 2 steps up from IHOP. If you're looking for a quick breakfast place to hit outside of the typical weekend brunch hours, it could suffice, but definitely do not stick around if there's a wait.
Wonderful  place to look for upscale pieces.  The staffs were caring  and I would recommend this  shop for buying and selling
good place if the price is right its centrally located and it has the best sushi restaurant KOI
we love it here! right down the street from our house. it's wonderful to have delicious and unique food so close. the service is much improved since they opened, so fear not. their sushi/sashimi specials are great. but the classic pancake is still wonderful. Definitely try this place!
Ultimate Asian food experience. LOL
Wow. Greasy. Must be a southern thing. No clue how this has 4 stars. \nFrench toast was hidden like a pancake.
These people need to attend customer service training. Their customer service reps and manager were very rude and unprofessional. There are other delivery services available that can have my service. I suggest everyone seek alternative sources as well.
Hit or miss
Ice cream was meh. I like the creative selections but was disappointed by actual product. Prices are high for what it is, and location is very scottsdale.
5 stars for the noodles ( for both Dry & soup)\n -2 for the other dishes (taste worse than panada)\n\n= 3 stars...\nI will come back for the noodles
This is the only place I go to for my nails. Vincent is the first person that listens to my requests and fills and shapes my nails the way I like them. I'm not a big fan of the owners attitude towards many of her customers, but I ignore it to be able to get what I pay for.
Great food! Only reason I didn't give 5 stars is it is hard to find good parking at this location. Its like LGO when it gets busy. Other than that service was great, good atmosphere, and great food! The fried chicken is awesome
Too loud, too out of control, no staff around to offer any help. Screaming preteens running wild everywhere right next to adults drinking. Bad combination if this is supposed to be a family hangout.
Definitely worth a view
Are you kidding me........you just spent 20min. telling us how great a vegetarian diet is. You bring us food and every dish has chicken in it. Sorry i still don't agree with the whole chicken is a vegetable deal.....
Lukewarm pizza under heating lamps that is dried out and extremely overpriced!\n\n\nHonestly I wonder if half these reviewers tried it sober if their opinions would be different.
We were scheduled with a 4hr layover and then delayed ON TOP of that by and hour and a half. They decided to change to a bigger plane and then did not have qualified Crew to fly it!!!\n\nNot impressed, not happy and a crappy start to vacation.
Whoever did the hiring at this Subway deserves a pat on the back. The staff is always patient and helpful and the food is always prepared correctly. I'll gladly drive past the other 2 Subways between my house and this location to eat here.
Staff is great, restaurant is great but food is just bland, it's missing flavor. I'm 100% Mexican, so I'm picky about my Mexican food.
4 stars food\n0 stars service, it was totally abysmal this time.  what up with that?  the girl at the front was a total you know what.  anyway...its a good thing the whole food experience saved the day.
Its a hole in the wall but the food and.staff is.amazing.
#EuropeanWaxCenter #SouthRainbowBlvd #BestInVegas LOVEEEEEEE these girls!! Stephanie and Harmony gets more adorable everytime I come here! Super professional and helpful. My home away from home every two weeks!
This place has not been maintained.  There are ants all over the putt putt courses and they are tattered looking.  The bumper boats need to be restarted.  You would expect better for a business in north Scottsdale charging Scottsdale pricing.
When one of my AC units went out I turned toYelp and decided to try Flores Air Conditioning.  Never got a live person and left a message with 2 #'s that they could reach me at....NEVER received a call back.  Would not recommend.
Very friendly and professional!  GREAT prices and a job well done!
This cafe is wonderful!  The atmosphere is bright and cheery, the coffee is wonderful (especially the iced soy mocha), and the staff is always super courteous.  There is a nice patio in back to enjoy outside seating and there is always great art on the walls:)
Arrived. Seated. Waited. Waited. Told someone. Waited waited. No service. Told hostess on our way out. Didn't seem to care. Won't be back.
I was visiting from out of town and always try and swing by local bike shops when in a new place. The Spoke Easy was by far the best one I saw this trip. Awesome selection of products and a super friendly staff. Will definitely be back next time I'm in town.
Great costume store! Have rented and bought items from here and have never had any issues! The staff is great, very very helpful, and you can browse their selection from their website: http://www.easleys.com/
I've been to this location a few times its just OK.. Two other favorite location are on Cheyenne and buffalo as well as the flamingo and Arville location! The half off shakes any time after 8pm is superb! Gotta love their banana ice cream shakes!
I stay 2 blocks away from Harris Grill. I have been to shiloh's grill as well, a caouple of times. Harris Grill used to make awesome food an year ago..now its just boiled vegetablea..steak cut out for you..who would want that!!!!
This place has grown from a tiny little hole in the wall to a sprawling mecca for used merchandise - but the staff is always unfamiliar and the tiles and filled with customers.\n\nDon't bother - unless they are filming. It is totally pedestrian and boring otherwise.
The portions are tiny, and the prices are very high. I ordered an orange juice, and received a shot glass of it. After receiving the bill, the OJ was $7 and my bagel was $5. This is the definition of a TOURIST TRAP.
Good hands on experience - pick your food then dunk it in a boiling cauldron of stock to cook. Not overly expensive and if you pick a busy time you get a free sauna into the bargain.
Slow service inside.  Somewhat rude cashier, and for no reason.  Small and awkward layout inside, especially for the limited seating and limited standing area to take an order.  Sub-par as far as McDonalds go.
Very expensive,not up yo its great ratings,best in the city ,it is not!over rated.
Called for a house service. He arrived quickly and made the experience as smooth as possible. Extra thanks for sharing some advice on improving the lock mechanism!
Warning!!!!\n\nThe Bundtinis are like Pringles. Once You Pop, You Cant Stop!!!
Excellent service, average food. Restaurant prices are very high on the Strip. This Chinese restaurant in New York New York, has more reasonable prices. We had dinner there twice. Nothing was outstanding but nothing was subpar. I would have driven to Chinatown but driving in and out of the Strip is onerous.
I thought that the beef panang was a little weak. The soup needed more tamarin. Still the lunch special was ok
Great coffee and always great service. Drive thru is always fast. Very courteous and welcoming. They also offer wifi with power outlet tables. Never an issue for using your mobile device.
Fun for all and mostly going there with friends! Good beer and lots german activity!
The food and value are great.  BUT listening to and watching the owner run around drunk and yelling is absolutely disgusting.
Worst experience ever! And hour and a half cinnamon sticks with no frosting a pizza completely uncut and cold'!!!!!!!!!!!
Great local liquor store with an AMAZING beer selection. Their growler station, drive through and the fantastic staff makes this place a very unique store!
I love the service at this place, and of course the food. They always try so hard to make you happy, it's pretty impressive. One thing, I wish they had more appetizers on their menu. Ordered Joe's Classic Steampot last time, was not disappointed.
Sorry wrong restsur
Nothing special, definitely dont wanna eat and then go walking around on the strip, could be bad news, haha
I have had lots of items off of their large menu and everything has been good.
Finally found a buffet worse than City Buffet. How do these places stay in business? I couldn't finish anything I tried. Finally got so disgusted I walked out went to the Chinese Gourmet 3/4 mile south.
Love that they have Coupons from yelp,  tends to be good food and a good value for what you pay.
Great hidden spot!  Very diverse & extensive menu, something for everyone!  A mix of Thai, Vietnamese, Chinese & Japanese.  Full bar with great signature cocktails.
This park is by far my favorite in Southern Highlands. It is extremely quiet, secluded, and beautifully maintained. They have a great variety of things to do.
Food ok. Service needs improvement. Restaurant hot and uncomfortable. Staff unprofessional and unattentive. Bar has great potential with improved management.\nMade initial REVIEW...2+ years ago. No closed . enough said
Cute enough. It needs more vendors. It has the potential to be a Chelsea Market in NYC.
Even the smaller theaters are nice here :) Life of Pi should be very interesting. I'm ready for an adventure outside of my life. I get caught into movies and forget about all outside worries, specially here at this cinema :)
I'll just say that this is not the best burger ever.  That is for sure!
Stopped in today for quick lunch.\nWrong answer. Server was prompt with order. Apolgized for delay. Got food 40 minutes after order with cold fries. The\nBBQ was good. Portions very small.\nCertainly will not get locals repeat business.
$20 for a Fossil watch battery and I had to come back 15-min later. While waiting I noticed several kiosks offering watch battery replacement from $10.
We've taken our dog here for years and they've been great. They are all really friendly and the vets are knowledgable and patient. They get you in really quickly and don't overcharge or charge for unnecessary things. I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for a vet!
when someone important comes to the restaurant, like in my case the owner, ppl forget about you, and 10 ppl including the manager serve him.\n\nHorrible experiance
passable drinks. better than starbucks though. don't order an espresso I can tell you that much, but again better than starbucks
THIS EXHIBITION IS pretty freakin cool\nREAL human bodies.\nYOU CAN see REAL human anatomy. which is pretty krazy.\ncreepy but different!!
Food tasted fine once it actually got there but the service was terrible - everything took forever. We split a chicken sandwich with fries and a cheeseburger salad with the black bean burger. It was too expensive for what it was, especially considering the service.   After reading reviews more closely, we will try diamond next time instead.
Awesome food and great service.  I've recommended ths place to everyone in town.  I've tried the tacos and several burgers, and all were declicious.  The sweet potato tots were so good, I got two orders.  Definitely a place to try.
Serviceable sports bar with decent food. Wider draught selection than I'd expect for a strip-mall location. Excellent service but was a quiet Sunday night.
Been to this big lots a few times, I recommend It. The pictures they have for sale are always really nice and the service has always been good. They also have some pretty good deals that just can't be beat
Second time eating at this location. The first time--maybe the cook is having a bad day. Second time-ah, sh!tty cook again?  Maybe the third time will be a charm? \n\nCant go wrong with the salad--yummers!  Love the frozen Bellinis!!
Tempura Shrimp bowl is awesome. I like the fried rice too. It's a bit pricey here.
Not a good service experience after the third time. They give preference to people who arrive after you and i would not reccomend going there. Terrible experience from the OWNER.
Just like ever other mcdonalds. Depends on which manager is on duty. I get great service when I'm sure the GM is around but other then that it's terrible. But then again.. You get what you pay for.
I've been going here for 3 years now. Never had any complaints and they are always fast and to the point. Great place!
This is my new favorite pizza place! I love the whole place. The wait staff was on top of everything. There was nothing wrong with our order!. The prices are so awesome too!
Super nice checkers Peggy, Carmallee, and Connie (store manager). Clean and very helpful meat and deli people!
Service was awesome...my bartender Jen was the best !! Didn't eat there yet but I will be back :)
Great hotel. Great staff. Excellent room. Free Wifi. Free breakfast.  Probably the only place in Vegas without a slot machine. Highly recommended.
Worst Drive Thru Service Ever!!! Sat for over 10 min such a pain in the ass. Cashiers are rude and still managed to screw up the most basic of orders. I will never come back here
I love the girls at this particular location, always nice and helpful. The bank itself bothers me because it's so outdated and frankly, that gets annoying since their policies are outdated as well. I do love their change machine though!
Hands down best Pad Thai around.
House special steak was under cooked because it was cut thin on the end parts, thick midsection. Tougher than I expected. Salad & service was good. Appearance is good and clean.
Me no likey...\nThey're pretty. \nThey're dry.\nThey're SALTY.\nI'd rather have one from Safeway. Honestly.
Fantastic food!
Definitely one of the most played out clubs in vegas but hey, its fun.  If you get bottle service, would recommend the upstairs area, cant talk about it here but you will find out for yourselves.
Just had an amazing breakfast and received great customer service. Everything was great!! We will come back :)
Have eaten there several time and sometimes it's great and sometimes it's just okay, the atmosphere is good but for the price the food needs to be more consistant,
DSW has decent prices on some of last-year's styles and some brands' outlet goods. The quality is not always there, so beware! (Stay away from Steve Madden all together.) The layout is great and the customer service is usually good. Be sure to sign up with their club - you will be rewarded with discounts.
This is a great, family owned place. We called on our way to Vegas and they were able to see both me and my husband same day. Very friendly and great if your on the run.
The Peanut Butter cookies are to die for! The service is great and the place is clean! Win win! The brownie cookie was a little too hard for my taste but everything else's was delicious!
Fabulous! This is a very good place to go!! Very fast and healthy food!\nStaff very friendly  \nMy Fav. the California Quesadilla! YUMMY!
This is a fine brew pub. I wouldn't really actively seek it out for its food or beer but I think both are decent. If you play ultimate frisbee in Madison you find yourself in these establishments a bit too often.
Calamari is amazing!!!! It comes with a tangy sweet and sour sauce that I couldn't get enough of :)
My daughter always have a sweet tooth for cupcakes. This is our second visit, we weren't disappointed on our first visit & it won't be our last.
In the early 2000's this was my fav buffet, however this last trip it was horrible!  The food was bland, and old!  The only thing that was good were the Asian soups!
I used to love this place but the customer service sucks! We waited forever for our food and it wasn't even busy. I tried to give them a chance... Four chances infact and the service sucked every time. I will never recommend this place to anyone. I'm never coming back here.
We had a great time here.  The pools were awesome and actually kid friendly.  I only have 2 complaints about this place.  Only one good hand of blackjack out of 20, and no refrigerator in the room.
Fantastic salads and veggie burger! So healthy, yet delicious. Our cacao and coconut dessert and cheesecake with lemon and berries dessert were also delicious. We will definitely be going back.
I've been waiting am hour so far. .. still in waiting room haven't even made it to the back yet. ...I am now in the back still waiting. ..1 hour 25 minutes and haven't seen the dr yet
Avocado BLT or the Brasserie burger. Can't go wrong. Amazing frites.\nBeer selection is obviously a strong point, but really pointed towards Belgian-o-philes. If you're a good ole fashioned pale ale fan, things are quite a bit more limited. Not impossible, but limited.
It was ok.  I was seated fast and I chose the counter.  Service could have been better for sure.
Not bad not Amazing either... Very basic hotel. Crowd is......\nAfter I got home I got random charges on my credit card and when I called to tell them they said they can't help and if I want I can dispute the charges.
Driver was late and while we were waiting added another person who was also waiting for same sedan service, driver was rude and doubled the charge. We had no choice but to go with them in order to catch our plane. Very rude driver and will never use them again
Great value for the price! The servers were super nice and attentive. Food is delicious! Probably the best tamales I've ever had. Def will come back.
Kann man essen nichts dolles.
They have very inexpensive food however sometimes the produce doesn't look as fresh as it should.
Ok spring rolls, slivers of glass in my cup, and Pho with two chopsticks full of noodles in it. Wow! The standard for Vietnamese food is low in scottsdale. Why, why, why.
Fantastic music and the host is funny. If you love the 80's this is the place to be. But the drink prices are insane. Two vodka tonics was $28? I would tell you our total tab but it was ridiculous. I'm getting pre drinking elsewhere next time.
Wonderful service and great food.
This is by far one of the best breweries in Arizona! The beer, food, service, everything is terrific. This location has a warehouse feel and can get hot in the summertime, so the temperatures go up, I recommend going to the Scottsdale location.
This year is the best season yet, if you are thinking of going you should go! Great actors this year, new attractions and they are now teamed up Fear Farm. If your a haunted house fan check this place out.
Service here are not so great. But who is normally at a tea place for their service anyways. As for their milk tea, it was still very sweet even with 1/3 of sugar. I really wish there tea could be more stronger. Since its too light for my taste.
Cliff went way beyond what he said he would do. The finished product was amazing. His price was tied for the lowest but I liked his work better. Easy and fun to work with and that's important! You won't be disappointed!
One of the few Wolfgang Puck restaurants to ever disappoint me. Not that it was bad, but it just wasn't as good as I expect from a Puck place.
Best panda express around! Everything is clean, fresh, and not oilly or too salty.  Also, the people that work here are friendly, and efficient.  Keep up the good work!
It's a small club, but not worth the cover. $20 if you get the reduced admission from the promoter in the casino. She usually stand next to the Zarkana escalators. \n\nDrinks are pricey....like normal.
Nothing wrong nice theatre, clean well run..
Stay Away! The staff members are completely stupid and oblivious to their actions, I never was able to see the doctor and had to cancel my appointment. Waste of my time!
Very nice Indian restaurant, Food was good and the place was very modern and upscale. \n\nPrompt service and friendly staff.
I work RIGHT by this place and went all the time. Will not be returning due to the poor customer service. One employee was talking to the guy in front of me about parties and hooking him up with a job. I definitely will NOT be going back there and spreading the word.
Delicious protein-style cheeseburger with onion, fries and drink and the place is clean....up to the standards! A go-to-stop whenever in the area.
Delicious. Great food, we have never had a bad dish.
Great fish soup and reasonable price
The owners and staff at The Helmet Center are all VERY knowledgeable and helpful, their goal is to sell you the best product for YOU not to make them money, they really DO go the extra mile to ensure you are well taken care of and your needs are met. Cannot recommend them highly enough, they are awesome.
not good service.. not bad service.. just service.. and hardly any nail polish...:(
AMITY is great. i'm always happy with my nails i have sent lots of friends and Co workers to her. she is also great with eyebrow waxing. i take all 4 of my kids to her!!
Its much to see here. The bathroom was so ewww NASTY.\n But over all I give it two stars I went in here with in the last 6 months and they have the same items so I wont be shopping from this location.
45,000 mile warranty on a set of $150 tires and after 20,000 miles tire blows. No new tires with \"warranty\" just a whopping $36 discount! I have since returned my business to Big-O
Hey do such great work here. Have been here for all my auto body repairs. They are honest and hard working. Recommended by many insurance companies too. Check them out if you ever need them.
My all time fav and new weekly craving is the chicken gyro with fries. Best fries in THE world! When I'm in the mood for salad I go with the chicken gyro salad. Been to other Greek places but never as good as Greek Bistro!
Been their twice. Did not like their bone in rib eye. Both times I had to sent my steak back. Great place to have a drink. The bar faces the main street.
I find this store to be very overpriced. I was disappointed with the customer service at checkout. I was overcharged on an item and instead of apologizing, the cashier insulted me. Very rude and pretentious. Unless I'm looking for a specialty item, I will shop elsewhere.
Best yogurt ever!!! I love coming here with my family!!!
Really cute place, really delicious food and service was good.The only thing was that the service was a little on the slow side but that would not stop me from going again!
Great dive bar. Great jukebox
My experiences at wildflower bread co. Have been nothing but extraordinary. The food is is great, staff is amazing, and customer service is by far the best I've experienced at a caf\u00e9. I would recommend\nThis place to anyone.
I was not impressed.  My catfish tasted like some aquariums smell.
The kobe beef dumplings were our favorite.  I think they were a special that night, but they should be on the menu.  The nigiri was fresh, and Tao has a nice wine list.  We ordered plates to share, just a bit at a time, and we never felt rushed.
Pretty good happy hour! Didn't try the sushi but had a delicious martini and loved our large saki bombers!!!
Mike was very responsive and helpful!  He hooked up our stereo system to our built in speakers.  Everything works great and we love it!!  Price to hook up was very reasonable and well worth it!
Not a huge fan. It wasn't super flavorful and I felt it was a bit too greasy. I think there are def. better options. I also saw this microwave as previously mentioned..?!?
Hands down this place has the most character in the neighborhood. All the food was fantastic, nice selection of local craft beers, really friendly staff who all seem to help each other out to make sure we were well taken care of.
Christina was awesome! Great food, good atmosphere, great service.
Excellent food, great service.    Small enviroment, friendly staff.   Love eating in and also getting take out.
Couldn't order togo on the phone,  would have to go into the restaurant THEN togo than wait.  Kinda defeats the purpose.
Sour taste left in my mouth after my 6 yr old daughter drank expired milk that they had out for sale... She didn't check the date but that shouldn't be her responsibility.. I'm strongly upset after this experience so be wary if you decide to go and remember to check the dates.
Great, non-corporate bowling alley. Good lanes, cheap beer, decent eats at the Oaxaca restaurant. Very reasonable prices. Cosmic bowling on the weekend, happy hour (with buck and a half PBR's) during the week. A Sunnyslope landmark, long may it roll!
This is a great restaurant with fantastic ambiance. It's a Vegas landmark and everyone should eat there at least once. It's worth the cab fare from the strip to eat here.  I love the unique entrance and the singer while we're dining. The food is also fantastic. This is a must visit restaurant.
Love the sandwiches.  Love that they sometimes have live music outside.  Love that it's called Duck and Decanter.  What the heck is that anyway :)\n\nThey also have the BEST horseradish in the world.  If you like hot, this is hot.
Reall nice park. I can't wait to teach my daughter softball at the field there. The dog park is really nice. Very family friendly park. Great walking trails and the view is amazing! At night, you can see the entire strip.
Just bad overpriced Italian food. Bread and service at the counter were particularly bad. Caesar salad was full of dressing. The pasta sauce tasted like what you buy in the supermarket. Another tourist's trap. Best thing was the adjacent fountain......
Solid food, large selection, and a cozy, warm ambiance. A nice place for a family dinner or lunch to catch up with a friend.
Really loved the facial with M!
No soy sauce. The hostesses that work here are the worst. Waited 30 minutes for a table. I was informed I had to wait another 20. I gave an extra star for our bartender, Travis.
Plain and simple; it's a dive bar with friendly staff. Added bonus is the jukebox is always ready go!
Great small venue!
Lovely place to sit down for some coffee with a tart. The lemon tart is to die for. I've heard the lunch is pretty decent as well. The service is pretty good as well.
Charming neighborhood joint with a mixture of italian and mediterranean items on the menu.  They have some nice teas.
An excellent dining experience with a thoroughly delightful waitress. Food was excellent! Good southern taste. Generally Southern cooking means deep fried grease. Not the case here. Just good down wholesome healthy food.
Wonder food and very attentive waiter and staff. Good value for price. Will return here again
Quite possibly the largest alcohol selection I've seen. Decent prices. If you're going to Las Vegas to party and you end up getting a rental car, it's always smart to get some beer and spirits outside of the strip.  This is always a good place to start.
Giant Food.  Be ready to share.  The chicken and waffles were decent and I would eat it again.
Taco al pastor is very good.  Mole Pablano is very good. Great service and prices that can't be beat for a downtown restaurant. All food is super fresh and the place is very clean. I peeked in the kitchen...spotless.  go here.
Awesome! If you want a no-bs quick fix for a stiff back this is the place to go! Chiropractor was very knowledgeable. She evaluated my problems and treated them promptly. Cheaper than my insurance. Only gave minus a star because I waited for about 45 mins.
Outstanding food, great service and a wonderful atmosphere. They get very busy and don't take reservations but they make up for that having an advanced automated txting system which allows you to do anything within 10 mins, once they txt you that it's time to be seated, you have 10mins to show up.
The Gowns they make you wear might be their fun marketing gimmick but when you step out of the 100 degree heat the last thing you want is another layer of clothing.\nBurger was mediocre and the chili was aweful!! Not a Fan.
The baristas don't let you have anything how you want it. \"They know better\".\nDisappointed.
for a vegan place, it's decent.  their menu is a combination of thai and vietnanese inspired cuisine.  my only complaint is that their portions relatively small and it's a little pricier.
Cool little local bar.  Good beer brewed on location.  Laid back atmosphere.  Going back again.
You gotta love a place where your 9 yr old returns from the bathroom after learning a new phrase: If black is beautiful, I just shit a masterpiece\". Hey I didn't make it up. Gimmicky pretty much sums up this place.
Nicest Chuck E Cheese I have EVER been to!
Dema's is no more...it's Christina's now. Ate here any way... a couple things expensive, salty, terrible live music. This is one place I won't be back to.
This is a real treat for anyone who wants to get some faith back in great restaurant food that is not overpriced, especially considering the quality of food they serve: organic meats, never-frozen fish, and generous portions.
Nice people, great food, dirty restaurant.
Associate was very nice and helpfull.  However they did not have the 1 item we specifically went there for, and she was unable to tell us when it would be back in stock.
It's really beautiful but TERRIBLY massive!!!! brought the wrong shoes to this place. So bring good comfortable shoes because you're going to feel like you walked miles and miles... its like a never ending maze there is so much!!!
Food was good. Nothing fancy, but it is lower priced and you get what you pay for. Great service...waiter made an effort to keep us entertained.
Always fast and friendly. If you're a health conscious eater this a good place for you and the food is delicious.
I've used Controlled Rain for years and they've always arrived on time with great customer service.  I don't know that they're the cheapest but if you have a nasty irrigation problem they're all over it!  A+!
Really great for a late night, inexpensive snack! 1.99$ for a foot-long hot dog, and it was tasty too! :)
They have a good beer selection and burgers and fries are awesome. will definitely go back. Service at the bar was good. Patio for when the weather cools down should be a nice draw.
Don't usually eat fast food. This place is anything but fast. Drive thru was packed so I came inside to order. 20 minutes later myself and 10 other people are still waiting for our orders. Seems VERY disorganized. Does not seem understaffed as 2 workers behind the counter are just standing there looking around.
Delicious food, great service. I am recommending this place to everyone!
Beautiful rooms and great service. Had pillows delivered to the room and they were there quickly. Needed my safe reset and the janitor was there quickly. Everytime I called the service line, it was answered quickly and politely. Very good experience. Have stayed here before and would stay here again.
Very good sandwiches! I had the caprese and it was fresh and amazing. I would eat here again for sure. Don't be intimidated by the line it goes by fast!
After moving from San Diego, where I could find some of the most delicious Mexican food it took me a while to stumble upon great tasting mexican food in Arizona. This place has really good quality food but the portions are on the small side especially for burritos.
-too many people for such a small place\n-not enough room to dance and not enough room to chill\n\n-music was fine though
I haven't been here in a few years, but last time I was, I wasn't overly impressed. The mall was pretty small and generic, though I'm sure it would do if there weren't better options in the valley (there are). Nothing outright bad about the place though.
I'm a regular at the other location. I stopped by this one for the first time. The bartenders were very nice. The older manager \\owner was a complete jerk. I've never been treated or treated a customer so rudely before.  There are so many other bars in town, go somewhere else.
#12 beach club with jalapeno chips. done. =)
The lines are always extremely long and no one is willing to help you too much. \n\nTypical cheap prices you'll find at a Walmart but if there was anything other option I would go elsewhere.
Best cookies! I couldn't decide how many to get so I said \"just give me a dam dozen\" problem solved.  So when you are in the area get a \"dam dozen\".  Make sure to get a variety, all the cookies are great!
I have never been to a TapasGrill, but WOW!!!!  I'm a fan now!!!
Check out my review and photos:\n\nhttp://food-tales-and-other-fun.tumblr.com/post/29865866478/
Key lime pie is my favorite!
Great pizza! The Salumi pizza was a bit salty, but that is the meats problem not the chef's it was delicious! The Margherita was wonderful, perfectly cooked couldn't help but eat it all. The calamari was very good, perfectly cooked with big portions and pieces! I would recommend eating here for sure!
All of the vendors here are great. They are here year round although the heard thins in the summer due to the heat. Everything from fresh roasted coffee, fresh baked bread, fruits & vegetables to custom length golf clubs.... What more do you need from a market!
DELICIOUS AUTHENTIC KOREAN FOOD!!! This restaurant has amazing quality food and service!!! Price is perfect as well.
Slowest. Starbucks. Ever. Consistently. \n\nVery frustrating location. Better to head down the road to the next Starbucks, or, better yet, support local businesses!
Old school mexican restaurant.  Food was good,  no beer, A/C was marginal.  Not for those looking for the chain restaurant atmosphere.  Very traditional.  I'll visit again when the weather is cooler.
Love the theater.
Kind people working here. Tons different boba tea. They have coffee too. Even better than \"Half&Half\" because not so noisy here.\nBut... Asked for no ice in tea -- they forgot. Coffee latte was not hot.
If I had 30 dollars left and I had a choice of buying a pizza pie or going to marquee, I would choose the pizza life everyday. Shoutout to the grandmas out there. \n\nThis place is spot for a pricey oily slice of indulgent vegas goodness.
Great deal for a monthly pass but many of the workers are rude \n\nFree vacuums are great \n\nQuick and easy to get in and out of
Jacquie cleaned my house last night.  She did a great job! You never know what you're going to get when you use a cleaning service the first time. I'm very happy and will definitely continue with regular cleanings
Always amazing, always fresh. Service is great. Amazing fries.
Apparently they don't like to work on Saturdays.  I came here twice on Saturdays and both times they posted a sign on the door--closed.
Way too over priced for little portions, tasty stuff but honestly not worth it.
Convenient if you stay at the Tuscany Hotel, otherwise, you can find so much better. We had dinner there, then breakfast. Dinner : we ordered pizzas, and i'm pretty sure mine was bought at Walmart and defrosted. Breakfast : not very good, and I suspect it made me sick.
What can I say about the service here. HORRIBLE. The managers don't seem to care either. Some of their policy's are ridiculous. Support you mom and pop shops in your local area. These big corporate companies love to drain our money out into their outside bank accounts and we don't see it back.
This is a place you have to go to if you're having a late night in downtown.  Everything is always delicious.
I got the taco salad. It wasn't too bad. The barbacoa is a bit too sweet. Chicken is pretty good. The taco salad is huge! Guacomole was a bit sour, I can do without it. They're pretty fast with the orders. Not to shabby. Chips are good.
They have the worst customer service! They need to keep in mind that they are the ones that applied for the job and if they don't want to be there they need to find something else! If I could give zero stars I would!
Great food and price for lunch - all you can eat sushi, and the perfect place to meet up with friends!
What fantastic people! Met the general manager and she couldn't be more genuine. Not to mention helpful. I had a question about the place she couldn't answer, and she took my number and said she would find out and let me know. Gosh.
Its BJs, a chain with a obscenely huge menu, which I feel can be a red flag for not fresh food.  But it is what it is, just decent bar food, good beers, and usually pretty easy to get in an out of.  I dont think I can justify giving a chain 5 stars.
They should call it The Cold Egg.  I went there twice last week and all the eggs were cold.  The saving grace is that the pancakes are awesome.  I cannot remember better pancakes.
Fast service, but wasn't impressed by pork broth pho.  Ended up just eating rice noodles & veggies only to avoid broth, had a funny aftertaste. Some of their other food looked very tasty though...
Hmmm. If you just want cookies then don't come here! 15 minute wait just to be told that we needed to go to the register so the clerk could run back & forth to where we had been standing to get the cookies.  Good thing we didn't order salads or a sandwich.
Great guys. Good prices on tires. No BS. This is the place to get tires if you live in Lawrenceville Bloomfield area.
The food was decent, and they have some crazy soda machine with like 1000 flavors (ok not really that many, but a frikn lot.)
was expecting a very very good dog.  I ordered the pepperjack one per the servers suggestion. It was good but nothing I would come back for. However their desserts were AWESOME! Very nice outdoor seating and jenga to play!
I came here with a HUGE crowd. The music was OK. I believe it was DJ AM. It was REALLY crowded that night. To get a table was around $375 or so. I haven't been to Vegas in years, but it had nice decor and we had a good time.
Honestly my favorite place I've visited so far. The blended drinks are awesome. Call me silly, but I prefer those to the pure liquid drinks. I'm sort of slushy drink person. Music was good. A little empty but I was there a little late. I'd definitely go again.
Love the veggie sandwiches and the dutch crunch bread. A bit overpriced but the sandwiches are huge. They did miss a couple of ingredients on my sandwich a couple of times, like the habanero salsa. I just hope the place survives unlike all the previous establishments in this location.
I am a horror buff, and I have been to multiple haunted events in the area...this one by far takes the cake! Don't waste your money on any other event...go here before it's too late!
This is our \"go-to\" place when I'm craving Thai. My husband and I call ahead for pick up when we want Pad Thai, Basil Thai Chicken, Papaya Salad and Red Curry Beef. Nice and simple.
Went in for record store day. Lots of people, lots of merchandise to look at. Big store! Would highly recommend for anyone interested in records/music in general. Fair prices too, some cheaper than walmart! Lost a star for smell of the place.
Great Neapolitan style pizza... Real wood fired pizza, slightly salty flavorful crust, panzanella salad and I love the Italian micro brew selection even if it has changed from the chestnut ale that was to die for!
Panchos- 2 eggs 2 pancakes & your choice of meat. I had bacon. \n\nFor my bacon, all I tasted was Salt! Eggs were good. Pancakes were tasteless. Service was ok. But I would NOT come here again.
I ordered the Chicken BBQ sandwich...was not that great. The chicken meat lacked any flavor. And the bread of the sandwich was extremely mushy. Plus, no sides and no kid options!! Just FYI...
Finally a shop that can fix my bike properly and also genuinely care about the work they do.  I have had my shocks rebuilt, bike tuned and a few other repairs. They did an awesome job.  Highly recommend them
sooooo good. this type of yogurt place was a great invention. the yogurt is good, the toppings are good and many, it's cheap, the decor is cute and modern, and the staff is nice. \n\ni wish there were more places to sit though.
I was there over the weekend and had the steal and eggs. Eggs were good, the NY strip steak was tough. Service was great, they did everything to make me happy. This restaurant reminds me of a place that would be at the airport, not good and not bad for food.
This place is great, very filling and tastes good.  I get the bellpepper Philly with onions and fries. Can't beat it. Btw you gotta get some BBQ for your fries. You keep making delicious sandwiches, and ill keep coming.
This is the worst location I have tried. Nothing tastes the same as the other locations the staff are like drones not enthusiastic or happy at all.  I love tropical smoothies but will drive farther just to not go to this location
Front desk customer service is horrible and the wifi connection is even worse.\nThe only good experience I had was with the weekday evening waiter and the weekday morning waitress. \nI will recommend to my company who flies staff in on a weekly basis that we never use this place again.
Good sushi!! The place is located on a very quiet, kindda ghetto part of Fremont but the sushi is excellent.
Go for the tour and maybe a drink, but skip the unappetizing, tasteless food. The mansion is quite interesting to walk around on your own. Also the  Happy hour with the great view would be very romantic.   Unless you are really interested in a bit of history, skip the tour and walk around on your own.
My friends and I love this place, we've been making a habit to try to come at least once a month.
The best place if you want to get into shape or stay that way, especially if you are the competitive type
Amazing work. Great guy. Love my new tint!
This place is hands down better than any nearby choice; especially chain restaurants. Service is polite and food is FRESH! I try new dishes every time and have yet to be disappointed.
OK, so I lied.  There is something that would compel me to return to this restaurant, and that is an offer from the corporate office to return to the restaurant in an effort to change my mind.  I'll let you know the results...
Meh.  We stayed here because the price was right.  It wasn't good, but it definitely wasn't bad.  I would stay here again if needed.  However, if you're looking for a more luxurious vegas experience, this is definitely not for you.  The crowd is also much older at this hotel than at others.
We've been here twice this week & we were so pleased to have so many selections & great desserts. We even took friends there tonight. Great value for $
I feel as if my review previously was a bit harsh.  While the service still needs help the food deserves a better than one star rating.  With that said, they've been closed for a little while... No idea why.
Horrible service they will come to your house start job and never come back to . They do Kohler repairs and Kohler should lose their number!
Horrible. Dirty. Unfriendly valet and front desk people. Go anywhere else. Waste of money.
This is a review of the prepared food in the food court.  \nAll the food is very greasy and kinda makes one a little sick.  \nIf you think Chinese food is healthy, then eat here and you will change your mind quickly.
spring training!
One of my favourite shops. Personalised attention from the knowledgeable staff makes this a fun place to shop. They always have new products and are so much more than a kayak store. If you like the outdoors, drop by Base Camp
Best Chinese lunch spot hands down! Fast, fresh and super friendly spot to eat in Summerlin. $6 lunch special comes with egg drop soup, wontons, drink, entree, rice and noodles! So bomb!
I cannot fathom why somebody +21 would go here other than the cruel initiation of a Community College Rugby hazing or you are someone who thinks some chick from Mountain View will check out your onions if you buy her a couple of screwdrivers.
The food was flat and not overly fresh. It is worse than its Uptown competitors by far. The portions, however, were generous, but that does little good if the food isn't great. I would not go back.
Enjoyable dinner place. I found some surprising entries on the wine list, including one of my favorite Regusci Cabernet Sauvignon 2006, The food was pretty good, very tasty filet mignon and cooked well.
I took my new pup for her microchip appointment and all the ladies were so sweet to my pup! She was at ease and I could tell she was relaxed. Might be back for checkups and make this my new veternarian. We shall see :)
My panini was flavorful and delicious. The chopped salad is one of the best I have ever had. Ended a great meal with a huge cannoli. Had a great meal at a great location.
Went last nite.  VERY noisy, not a romantic date nite place for sure.  Fun loud atmosphere, lots of spankings, lots of alcohol.  The food, just so-so.\nProbably an ok place for a drunken party with friends, not the place for a nice meal.
Great place very hip, clean and nice decor.  Very nice people food is very healthy and good.  I would definitely refer it to friends.
This was a disappointment even amongst buffet's. The meat was either under cooked or over cooked. The crab legs in particular should be avoided. I expected more for the price 30 dollars?!?. Avoid this one at the dinner price.
I am from the NYC area and miss good city Chinese food.  This is as close as you can get to actual NYC style Chinese food. I highly recommend it.
Phenomenal school.  Good luck getting your student in!
Simply put - you're stuck at the airport - so they \"got ya\". Crappy food, so-so drink and poor service. Good luck if this is your choice. Go get Burger King before you choose this.
I always remark to myself about the professional demeanor of the people who work here.\nWalt runs a tight ship.
Just above bar food but fine in a pinch.
This place was mediocre at best. The customer service was terrible. I could barely tell who was working there and who wasn't.
Overpriced food with shady looking waitresses. This antiquated concept chain needs to go away. If you want to look at boobs, have some self respect and just go to a strip club. If you want good wings...go anywhere else!
Good selection of food, but seemed like the person seating me felt inconvenienced with my presence. Also, wifi wouldn't connect; first world problems, I know..
I love teriyaki boy, i'm all for healthy food, good portions sizes, greens and bobba teas. But for some reason the meat and chicken sometimes taste undercooked :/ and I was so excited about them opening a location next to us.
Nice staff. Ate one piece and tossed  the pizza. Ordered a vegetarian. Tasted like canned perfectly diced veggies. Spongy crust.  Missing Pepes, New Haven, CT.
There are so many great places to get fast Mexican food and this isn't one of them.  It's not terrible, and I still go from time to time because its close.  It's clean, quick and convenient.
One of the few Chinese places I will frequent. Not only is the food great but the service is great, food comes out quickly as well. Try the tangerine chicken you won't regret it.
Cool little locals place which is a breath of fresh air from tourist trap Vegas. Main problems here are dirty bathrooms, too-loud just-out-of-fashion rock music, frat party atmosphere, and over-priced cocktails. The food is plentiful, but a bit bland.
Let's just say I feel privileged and proud to be a nursing student at this community college!
MY ABSOLUTE FAVORITE! This location needs a Sangria Sunday like the Arcadia location, but I can get over it because I love them so much. Everything is delicious. The worst thing about leaving Arizona was leaving Postino behind as well.
Packard Place is hot spot for entrepreneurs, as they are the first true home in Charlotte for entrepreneurs built by entrepreneurs. Packard Place has space for meetings and events and are currently leasing out space for high growth, entrepreneurial businesses.
I stop here daily. Service varies. Some staff are rude. Food quality varies. Wish it was more consistent.
Damn fine beer. Watermelon Ale was my favorite by far, but the IPA was a smooth second.
Such an awesome place to eat Mexican food! The staff and the owners are very friendly. Very clean and the food there is very tasty. Try getting their flan!!
This was our Favorite Asian Restaurant for several years. I don't know why, but for the past 3 years none of the food as been as flavorful . The only dish that we still like here is the Ancient Fried Rice, but again it is no where near as good as it used to be. We don't go very often now.
I noticed I had a low tire on the way in to town so I looked for a Discount Tire and found one just down the street. In and out in less than two minutes. One of the reasons Discount had been getting all my tire business for many years.
I have ordered 5 times in the last month and exceptional every single one of them. By far the BEST Philly in PHX. Thanks for the awesome service!\n\nOscar & Felix of N Phx
I took my 18 month old son here for his first haircut. The stylist, Christine, did a good job and handled my son well. We will be going back here again for the next cut.
A great pizza place in the north phoenix!  Their wings are so amazing I dream about them. The pizza is equally delicious! It is a great place to hang with friends and catch up over a beer (they have a tone on tap) while you treat yourself to some great food!
good ol southern family owned busines.
Had a decent Caesar salad w grilled steak but you could taste the lack of quality product.
Out of CHICKEN and the beer I had asked for. Offered alternatives but no reduction in cost or additional service.
The sushi at Iron Chef is pretty good (not the best I've ever had but good), but don't go there unless they're doing 50% off happy hour pricing on rolls, or else you will end up overpaying.
Been going for to this place for years... the red chile and green chile burritos are the best... the pan is bomb a spot you should check out .....
5 stars for the carne asada. I like al pastor tacos and here I didn't like them. So if you like carne asada tacos go here.
Stopped in because it was one of the few places to grab a bite at midnight. Large menu, tried the carne asada tacos and nachos supreme. The beans were salty, rice was bland as was the carne asada. Red and green sauces were both very mild.
This is by far our favorite place it town!  The food is great, the service is very fast and friendly.  The prices are fair and the portion sizes adequate.  We will continue to come back.
Quaint little establishment which serves great crepes with friendly service.  I had the dessert crepe with bananas and delicious maple syrup.  Reasonably priced and very easy to locate.
The Margarita Brunch on Sunday is definitely a great value.  $16.99 gets you delicious buffet offerings, omelet station, beautiful desserts and house margaritas free flowing.  This was my birthday choice and nothing, I mean nothing, says happy birthday like margaritas for breakfast!
Quick and easy but I wouldn't say it was \"good\". More like to late to cook dinner, super hungry, deal with the quality, place.
El Pollo Loco FREE Chicken for Mothers Day http://bit.ly/BymAs , http://bit.ly/nlKUm , http://bit.ly/nzgPu
Horrible pizza, service is worse. Pasta over cooked, but the sauce had potential.. I don't recommend this place..
This place is amazing!  Chuck E. Baby was playing, beer was cold and food was awesome!!!
Overpriced and small portions.
Their properties range from good to OK. I lived at an OK one and it was fine, though I think I could have paid less. The office staff is friendly at least, however they have been prone to disorganization. For Champaign, they are top tier... again for champaign.
We ordered a Chicago deep dish pizza and it was delicious. The sauce has great flavor. We will be ordering from them again.
Just got my first service here today and couldn't be more pleased. The cut was quick & easy but very precise, and the finish with a straight razor was unexpected. \n\nI plan on coming back for a straight razor shave, somehting I've always wanted to have done.
One of my favorites in Las Vegas.  Great steaks and good atmosphere.  Good presentation and reasonably priced for Las Vegas restaurant.  Like the semi casual atomshere and only reason not 5 Stars cause it's a ways to get there at the MGM GRAND.  Maybe if you take the TRAM instead of taxi it would be better.
I stayed here over a weekend last summer.  The room was nothing special- pretty typical stuff. I loved the style of the atrium.  There is a bar in the lobby but prepare to be ripped off.  Not much else to do in walking distance.  Parking is across the street.
Great bruschetta, and the atmosphere is quite nice.  I would like to try lunch here, as the dinner crowd was a little loud for my taste (must be getting old).
Just bad, all bad.\n\nThe food, bad.\n\nThe ambiance, bad.\n\nThe service, bad.\n\nPrice, very bad for what you get.\n\nDear LVH, please scrap this restaurant and start again.
cool, nothing amazing.\n\nintimate spot. \n\nHungry, go eat.\n\nShit, thats it folks.
I tried to get a home loan here and they never got back to me.  Anchor bank down the road was happy to help.  Disappointed that my home town bank didn't take me seriously.
Love this place!\n\n\n It is upscale and classy. Everything is brand new. I won money at BJ and craps. Dealers were friendly. I will definately return.
Haven't been to Subway in a while, but boy have they gotten skimpy on the fillings. I realize they are cheaper than other sand which places, but I would rather pay a little for a sandwich that actually has substance.
Cockroach on table (and a neighboring table). Lamb super mealy. Wine bottle \"opened\" in back and then brought to table with cork from another bottle. No apologies. Just arguments. You've been warned.
Chelsea's kitchen is a one stop shop for a healthy lunch on the go! I love the speedy service and the organic ingredients they use to keep the fast paced professionals in Phoenix fed and on their way, great food, great service!!!
I'm batting 50/50 here on taste.  Unfortunately the price doesn't justify rolling the dice with the same odds of flipping a coin.
My brother took the whole family to eat here n all I could say I've tasted better food. The food was alright nothing to be amazed about I rather eat my step-dads food which he cooks some good Cuban food. Wouldn't bother coming here again.
Please take time to compare his prices for exam and prescription eye glasses with Costo.  $180 compared to $59, and $280 compared to $69.  I did not use medical insurance at Costco.  Found it very upsetting when I went to each place and then compared the charges.  Would not recommend \"Doctor My Eyes.\"
It's freaking Wendy's already, what do you expect? Decent for fast food, Micky D's would get zero stars.
Good wings even better screwdriver plenty of TVS NICE  location kinda of on the expensive side. It's a  cardinals bar  but they show every  game that's on during Sunday
The Wor Wonton Soup comes in a big container and has a flavorful broth, crisp veggies, lots of wontons and meat.  It is great with chili sauce in it.  I've heard the Peking Duck is great, but have yet to try it.
Meh. Okay food. Three stars because I was hugely disgusted by my water. Check then picture I added.
5 STARS..I cannot switch the stars in my precious review but I give them 5 stars:) The staff is amazing and very loving:)
Just finished the steak and eggs breakfast. You can't beat it for value. I'll be coming here every time I'm in Vegas.
First time here! A little small.. The wait was not too bad! Loved the crepes! Can't wait til next weekend to have some more!
I saw the show a couple of years ago with my family. I've seen a bunch of LV shows and this one stacks up, but nothing special.
Was a good place to hang out at.
If you've never been to VSC you must go on the last Friday of the month.  Their lobster bisque is the best I ever had.  I promise you won't be dissapointed!
Avoid the buffet  if you don't want to feel heavy the whole day, little overpriced
Great bagels. I had a jalape\u00f1o bagel w/ jalape\u00f1o cream cheese. Fire! But bangin! The coffee was also pretty good.
Not bad - great location - $1 margaritas (small but yummy); outback steakhouse & denny's is connected to the hotel.  It's a decent place to stay if you just need a place to crash for the night.
One of my favorite things about Phoenix. Can we finally win a championship though?
Just enjoyed two of their Marinated Chicken Tacos and I am beyond pleased. These tacos were crazy tasty. Amazing food coming out of such a small stand. I walked from the office to their spot and back in heels...and I'd do it again for those damn tasty tacos.
Try it if u want good Sichuan food. It's above average for food. Four star for the environment. Service is fine.
I ate here summer of 13 and for a date meal it was a great dining experience that you have to try when visiting the city.  Petite portions are well made and very tasty.  They don't slap a bunch of sauces on their dishes. .typical french Canadian fare which is perfect.
Worst store, they will deny selling you alcohol if you mention that you were at a club, please keep in mind it was 10:00PM on a Saturday night even if your with someone that is sober! Completely ridiculous!!!
Beautiful! I love Cirque du Soleil but sometimes I get a little sleepy towards the end. Not Love. I was wanting more and more. The person next to me had to hate me because I was rocking out! \nJust a beautiful work of art!\n\nCheers!
Good country club fare.  Incredible views and outstanding service.
Excellent service.\nBeautiful patio.\nGood crepes.
The food is always excellent (there nachos are awesome) but there drink prices are a little high which usually turns me off from drinking there. Atmosphere is ok, in my opinion there trying a little too hard with the sports themes and it's usually really dark.
We have ordered here 2 times, and both times we have gotten raw food, One we ordered fingers, and they were pink in the middle. Another time  we ordered a burger, the burger was raw!!! We didn't even order it rare!!!
Very helpful and knowledgeable! Gave my van a tuneup using my parts since I was too weak to do it myself :)! Thanks!
Good pizza.
Though certainly not bad this place seems highly over rated. Scallops were mediocre at best, & the formal atmosphere in small cramped quarters doesn't appeal to my relaxation mode. Service was good.  Not on my \"must return\" list.
great vietnamese food.. great prices!!  eat here quite often.
Minutello's is going out of business. Last day of operation is Sunday, February 17, 2013.
I've definitely had better. The overall quality of all the food....veggies and chicken, was definitely poor. I ate it but will definitely not go there again!
The food was OK. Good customer service.
Too pricey, coffee was meh. Its Vegas, what did I expect, right?
Really good pizza for a chain, one caveat though-you have to order the square deep dish, the round is bobo, even for a chain. Decent wings. All in all a good experience outside of them being a bit pricey for a chain.
Great Service, Great Burgers minus the fries :) oh and Animal Style, at a Great Price!!!  They take pride in their food and customer service and it shows.
Horrible gel mani/pedi. It was not only rushed but it was poorly done and the tips were incredibly crooked. Never again will I come here.
Plenty of crab legs at the buffet. Also plenty of other food and dessert.  All you can eat and soft drinks, tea and coffee included. Always a crowd so plan accordingly. We love the crab legs which are refilled often at the food bar. Great salad bar too.
This place is very good for the price.  I always get the beef lula and I only had a bad one only once.  I've been there 4 times now and the last time I went the lula and everything just didn't taste the same as the other times I went there.
This place is good for learning the lyrics to all of the songs you never wanted to hear as they are played over and over and over again.\n\nDon't get me wrong.  The place is fun.   But I definitely recommend that if you go, go for one hour on the hour, unless you don't mind broken records.
I don't know why I continue to punish myself by coming here.  They have been consistently slow here for at least 8 months.  Save yourself time and head to the grocery store and buy the ingredients for whatever you planned on ordering and go home and cook it.  It will be faster and probably not be incorrect.
Good pizza.  Reminds me of Round Table Pizza in California.  One stupid rule is they want coupon from mobile website to be printed.  Save a tree already.  What's importance is printed vs seeing on a smartphone.
I love that they have 50% off sales. I will definitely come back again to catxh anothwr awesome sale
Really creative sushi and you gotta love a place that has the bento box.
stop selling  day-old items as fresh and lying about it! c'mon!
Service sucks! They're usually understaffed and we were told to wait an hour for a table to be cleaned. There was only 1 chef and after we sat we waited for our food for 20 minutes!!!! Even the appetizers took 20 minutes. Will never recommend this place to anyone again. Big big mistake
Burgers and drinks were good service and appetizers were not that great .
I said basic wash but they but down viper and tried to over sell other services.  Not happy
A lot of selection. There wasn't anybody else there when we stopped in so we didn't know if it was open or closed. Once we found it it was open, we helped ourselves to a delicious scoop. Nothing wrong the place, just in an off location.
I thought the food was alright. I have had Thai I enjoyed more. Service was ok.
This location is great, never too busy and the staff is nice. I live close so it's easy enough to drop in and check out the clearance racks. We have purchased tennis rackets, shoes of all sorts, soccer equipment and clothing. I have never had any complaints and the return policy is fair.
I don't get it. Its about time they tore down this casino and put up a real one.
It's a good cookie.. not like mom used to make but a good cookie none the less. I really appreciate these folks! Organic, local, and independent! Just wish they made more kinds of cookies.
We went for dinner last night and the food and service was excellent. Would definatly reccomend. They went overboard for our special occasion. Great dinner.
This is always a good place to go with family,  love the Royal hamburger and endless fries my daughter loves the mac and cheese
No one around to help.  Not a place that I like to shop. I do not feel like anyone cares when you go in there. If I wanted to be treated like that I can go to Walmart. If it is my choice I will never shop there again
Med plate is great, price is fair. Even the small plate, ordered as a meal (it's listed as an appetizer) is too much for me to finish. The pita pizzas are really good as well, but small. Then again, they are only $5 so you can't complain too much about that.
Far from exciting - very average restaurant/bar, very predictable - Kind of like if Olive Garden had opened a national bar chain... \n\nHey, does Olive Garden own this place???
It is a nice place to relax!! and they always have some interesting activity going on. The best so far was Chihuli and the night walks. From time to time they have plant sales and they have such a good variety of them. I'm looking forward to sign a membership!
Love this place, great healthy Vegetarian Chinese second to none. A must have while in Vegas with great service, food and over all well being.
You get what you pay for then a little more here I just  hate that they advertise hot and ready pizza but I order and it's 6 min for them to make it how is that hot and ready
Everything I've had has been great.  The service sometimes is a little rough but all in all, whether large groups or my daughter and I; we always have had a great time.
Got the chicken caesar and the chicken came out pink. Grossed out about the whole thing and not like I have a reason to go back (its a bit out of the way) but now that's what I think of. Beer was alright, nothing special.
Just had dinner at Pomo,  the food was great and the service was excellent. My server was Gina. Gina was very helpful in making my choices and explaining the choices in the menu, very friendly and service with a smile. I would recommend this place for great food and great service.
Amazing food! The salad bar was the best I have ever have and the meat is unreal. The staff is constantly bring food to your table. Service was ok, our waitress seem to have an attitude. I know its just one experience but that is all I got. I gave it four stars because the crazy high price.
This is not SFSE...changed name to Sourdough Escape...bread is not sourdough from SF Bay Area and clam chowder was water down :( disappointing and just an overpriced sandwich shop
Worst bbq ever!  Meat was dry and no flavor without the sauce,  bread dusted in sugar is not a good thing.\nCoupled with lackluster management.  I kept thinking the buffet is better than this place.\nIt is no Salt Lick.\nNot worth the price point.
This place is not kid friendly. Anyone under 21 is not allowed in the restaurant. Doesn't say that on Yelp.
The food is awesome but their customer service is horrible. When we ask for something they either gave us attitude and or ignore us. You know the service is so horrible when they bring our check and we did not even ask for it but the point is they not even busy!!!
Fast service and a great breakfast for a $1.89.  If you get there before 8:30am you will not have a line.One of the best deals in Vegas!
Worst service ever, couldnt get our orders right, brought our food before our kids food. Didnt even give us silverware or napkins or plates for our appetizer. When they did bring plates, they were wet! Horrible.
Waffle was dry and out of ready mix box. Asked for orange juice and got pineapple-orange juice mix. \n\nThe salmon omelette was terrible , no effort to make it taste or look special. \n\nIt is such a downer to go there , no energy whatsoever
This place is great and has the best ceviche I have ever had its made with tiger shrimp and the customer service is out this world you have to try this place
DO NOT GO TO THIS SHOP. the owner is extremely rude, non helpful. The quality of the merchandise is subpar to say the least. Yelp has censored my review, so if you want the complete review please email me directly.
This place used to be my favorite on the strip! We used to go for cheap drinks and foot-long $1.99 hotdogs. And now its been replaced by Nathans unimpressive dogs :/ They swapped out a lot of slots for Arcade games, which is decent, but I'm just generally disappointed in the changes.
In the land of big box retailers and urban sprawl, the little bungalow that houses JoBot Coffee was a welcome surprise. \n\nThe barista was super friendly and turned out some good coffee. I could see spending time at JoBot if I lived in Phoenix.
Pretty good show. Funny guy though at times I feel like I can tell he's been doing it for 30 years and its getting old for him. Worth seeing if you haven't seen a professional illusionist before.  He does things like make entire vehicles appear on stage. Even though I worked out how he did it hehehe....
The pasta parts was beyond bland, I took three bites and threw it away. The garlic bread was perfect along with their speedy delivery. Probably not ordering from here again unless they do a grand reopening.
Need more registers open and better customer service this is ridiculous im done shopping here
Pretty ordinary for an buffet. The food was standard for Vegas, and so were the prices. They had Snow Crab instead of King Crab (if that means anything to anyone). Price is about $30 per person for dinner, again, the norm around here. I would sum this up by saying this a very average Buffet.
Everything is delicious. You can't go wrong with the dolsot bibimbap and the galbi is extremely tender and flavorful. They give generous portions of the banchan sides and the people are very friendly and accommodating. I recommend if you're looking for good Korean food in the valley.
On top of the rate they quote you, you will have to pay city resort tax and sales tax but then they surprise you with a 28 Dollar phone and Gym tax whether you want to use their services or not. The room I have for $200 night has no view
Portions are HUGE!
Food wasn't exciting, but at least I could buy a Magner's Cider.
Leticia's rocks!!! Be sure to stop in for Saturday night karaoke, 8:30-close. Also, great fried ice cream!! Love the homemade caramel!!
Great lunch! Plenty of food, had to take a couple boxes home! Very nice lunch.
The hotel was beautiful and it was so clean!  The casino floor was nice, the staff were friendly, and my room was huge!  The bed was one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in in my life!  Totally worth every penny.
Possibly the best filet mignon I have ever had.\nCute show and great atmosphere.\nI also had the creamed corn and it was to die for, the bacon muffins were super
That was a wow!  6 people, 6 different entrees, 6 plates licked clean.  Delicious food, attentive service, relaxing atmosphere, competitive pricing plus a terrific piano player and singer.  This will be a regular stop!
Any place that lets people bring their dog into a place where people eat obviously make poor decisions ..... Who knows what else goes on if it's ok to hold a dog over a counter where people are served their food
Veggie tofu soup is very nice!
Great food! Great value good service! Need I say more?
Worst meal ever. Everything I ordered was bad and it was really expensive. The Latte I ordered was cold and she ended up microwaving it instead of making me a new one. The Tar Tar was gross. Eek! Methinks not.
This place wasn't for me. Had the mexiwrap, zucchini pasta and Acai bowl. The Mexican wrap was my favorite amongst the other dishes, however when I got home I started feeling sick and ended up throwing up. Not coming back.
Awesome staff, great food and cool decor
This is the 3rd time here and it still is a 2.5 star, 3 star at best. Service is terrible, food is either sweet or salty. I was hoping it would improve. Its consistently bad.
Nice place for lunch! tasty drinks! great pizzas and salads! a lillte disappointed with the crab cakes and the salmon :(  there were over cooked! I'm a calamari fan so I had to ordered... Not too bad but I had better calamari before :)
Dated.  Greasy.  Poor/rude service.  Taco salad soaking in grease is not good, and when you say something the response shouldn't be well you ordered it.  Too bad it has been a west valley staple but something bad has happen.
More like Downstream. In town from CA and wanted to try something new. Bad decision. Bad service. Food was bland & ill prepared. What a disappointment.
Great food. Menu can be a little confussing for us amateurs.  Love the radishes and great setting.  No worries, just ask those around you about their favorites.
Great place! OPI and other top polish lines, super nice techs and really more than reasonably priced. I'll be back!
Without a working telephone number listed on either Yelp or the website I am unable to send 15-20 customers to this shop.  Which is quite a bummer from all the reviews I have been reading.  Please keep contact information up to date.
Average everything. No special reason to return. Not a FUN bar. Gaming and a drink that's it. Stools a bit dangerous with the push pins coming out of the arm rests.
This was a really great \"old Vegas\" style show. I would recommend and will probably repeat.
they make burgers!
Pho tasted blain, no flavor . Not good at all. \nYou can't split the bill, ok I can accept that but the service was horrible.
Falafel et boules d'\u00e9nergies :)))
I used to eat here a lot there sub used to have more meat and the bread used to be always fresh.  Things have been change during the years.  Still a local family own business were I will be going.
This would have been a four or five star review had it not been for one mistake on the part of management. We ordered wine and one bottle was bad. Instead of apologizing and asking for another order. The waiter and manager acted as if we had to drink the spoiled bottle and be grateful for it.
This H&M replaced las vegas beloved Fao Schwartz store. massive toy store turned into a huge clothing store. They have nice clothes in reasonable prices. It's not my style but I picked up a few clothes here. It's a nice store and all but u sure do miss that giant fao horse and toys!
Horrible donuts and sandwiches.
Very good! A lot of choice ! Worth if you eat a lot! Do not go if you are vegetarian though!!!
Great Food \nNice Service\nHosts were Great!!!
Pharmacy: They only have 1 person staffing this location. Takes more than 30 minutes to fill a Rx.
Great service, great price, amazing food!!!
As mentioned, it is free. So you get what you pay for. In other words, nothing for nothing. \n\nWords of warning though because people pack in to see this show, watch your wallets and purses. Easy for pickpockets to get at you.
Finally a new restaurant in the Summerlin Area that looks like it's going to make it! I was getting so tired of the same old restaurants. Great food, atmosphere and service! And yes.... have the fried chicken sandwich!!
Get the Killer Tacos! 5 stars. Enough said.
Have you been to Seaworld or that Aquarium in the city?\n\nThis is smaller.\n\nThe decor & jellyfish are pretty, though.
The crab rangoon dip is when the trip. Try and get there early, they get full and don't take reservations.
great service, limo pick up at hotel nice little picnic in the Grand Canyon followed by a fly over The Strip. Our pilot Andre was cool. I would recommend this , very well done!!!
Nope. Went for dinner tonight. The place was dirty. The sushi was very poor quality and now my husband has food poisoning. The sushi was on par with what you buy from a grocery store. Oh and there was a hair on our menu. Gross. Go to Yen's!
wish they brought the sea food that was prepared in front of you back. rest of food is decent nothing to great. get what u pay for. chocolate fountain is a plus with the fruit, candy and cookies you can dunk in it. new quesadillas are pretty good
I should have known better. Or at least expected less. Pork was extremely bland and hush puppies were so dense they were barely cooked. Mac-n-cheese, however, was decent enough.
Impeccable service ~ probably won't forget our waiters name (George) ever. Food was good. Atmosphere good. Overall very happy with our special Honeymoon dinner!
Very good soup for starters, place is packed so I can expect everything else to be good to.
I guess they stop the show after midnight =\\
Don't eat anything but the chicken. Everything else is nasty. Charlotte should be a BBQ mecca, it isn't because of the chains. Go back to Florida, they like it there.
I live close by and my wife & I visit here often. This has got to be one of the best buffets we have ever been to. We have always gone for lunch, so I can not comment on their dinner.
The best sandwich shop around,veggie friendly and unique menu.everything is good and fresh.the gooey balls are the best
Some of my favorites here: white pizza, BLT (with FENNEL!!!) caprese salad, and of course the salt river bar.  I love this place!
Wow, you helpers weren't kidding. This place is amazing. We ordered 5 dinners the other day and the amount of food they provided, were huge. Not one negative thing I could say. Staff was so kind and friendly and we have a new favorite place.
Just got off phone with service manager, they returned my vehicle to me with a coolant hose disconnected. Service manager said \" sorry but my tech did nothing wrong, must of been miscommunication between my wife & service advisor\"... Really, this is how your manager handles my survey complaint?
Walked in, stood at the hostess desk until someone from the kitchen (we think) told us to seat ourselfs, sat down for about 10th minutes with waitresses passing us ten times. We finally left. It was not busy. Lousy service. Will not return.
Food is average & service marginally better. Beer is cold - primary redeeming factor. In summation, were this place competing outside of an airport - captive audience - it would never survive.
Cool atmosphere: big fish tanks, modern decor\n\nFood: just had a noodle soup, good, albeit pricey for $15\n\nService: not great, long wait to get served, refills, etc.
So I'm waiting in line to order take out and watch the 2nd round of the NFL playoffs, and the hostess informs me I have to be seated to order take out. Really? Fail!\n\nI'd like to give no stars if yelp allowed!
Saved me a lot of money, and conveniently located in city center...I am only giving them a 4 star because she told me that the crab legs would be steamed at the Spice Market, but they were cold :( But I will definitely be back!!!
We paid for this.  I can't believe it.  For free its a good deal, but to pay?  Sheesh.  There really is a sucker born every day, and that was my day to fill the role.  On the upside...it beat walking the strip in 100 degree weather?
I went to this place around 11:35am and the door sign say open 11:30am I tried to open the door and it's still locked but workers are already inside just looking at me i waited for them to open the door but did not. One star!
The games are lame. Chuke Chesses has better games..... \nBeer and atmosphere is good plus its a 49er bar so 3 stars is fair until my next experience.
Sorry, but this place is only average. The staff is very friendly, but the food was bland, and nothing special. Decent ingredients but not made with love, just thrown together. If you're selling yourself as a New York deli, you'd better pull it off. They didn't.
Had shrimp and grits for lunch.  Was not expecting much having lived on the Gulf Coast but was pleasantly surprised.
Its good. i love their Spinach florentine bagel with the garlic herb smear. And thei chai tea latte hot/cold is yummy! :)
Be very careful of what you are getting with dr. Hebets.  She gave my young adult daughter a HPV shot -saying it was her Hep B shot- against her strict refusal!
Had a great weekend here Room was on the 34th floor wow amazing views.
Good selection of Asian food. Average prices. Fast service.
An interesting take on brazilian steakhouse.  Great eye candy if you get dinner in before it turns into a club as well ;).
A delightful waiter...excellent mango mojitos...a most interesting appetizer...a delectable pan bread, very good entrees.  What's not to like?  Although the restaurant is in the Pima Crossings strip mall, the owner has done an excellent job with the internal decor.
Waiters are rude, all three that were waiting on us... Calamari is aweful! Chili is undercooked. Muscles and wings were ok.  Very disappointed!
Under the new management, this is a truly a 5-Diamond restaurant -- beautiful setting, personal attention (including attention to dietary restrictions and allergies), and delicious delicacies that are not available anywhere else in Las Vegas.  \n\nThis restaurant makes for a perfect evening.
Chef went to Jail. Restauranr out of business.
Dirty and dated.  Not my cup of tea. The entire building is in need of maintenance.  I'd find other accommodations.
Room is nice....food....not much of a variety for a buffet.  The shrimp cocktail and cappuccino ice cream were the highlights.  Had trouble getting a server to bring us drinks....
The food is Great.  Between the crab stuffed Jalapenos that are flash fried to the name sake Lahaina Roll.  \n\nGo here on a first date, anniversary or when you just want a treat.
Missed the Fish Fry special Saturday.  Nice enough folks, live music, nice outdoor patio.  I had a chance hang out with friends here.  Amazing in the winter I bet.  Can't wait for the cool season to check this place out.
Targets are usually pretty clean, this one has a Starbucks in it so that's a plus. They aren't the best priced in the spectrum of pricing but when you are looking for target exclusives you just can't go anywhere else.
One of Charlotte's newest and most welcomed places.  This dive bar offers unique alcoholic beverages along with food that is superb!  Only having been open a few weeks, they are still figuring out their service.  Food took a while to make and deliver for our party of 6.
Went there on a first friday night, they were slammed but the waitress was still very attentive.  We ordered pad thai, tom ka gai and sticky rice, all three were delicious!  Great patio too.
Came here last night with my girlfriend the food was really good and our server was really nice he was really cool and laid back and made us feel at ease overall I would rate my experience 5 stars based on the excellent service we got and how awesome our server was.
We've frequented this Pizza Hut several times and we've always been pleased. We always order online and when we pick it up the service is always super friendly and great! The food is always hot when we get it and always tastes delish!
Amazing pedicures (deluxe pedicure)! Jenny was my nail tech and she is so sweet. Lots of massaging, hot stone, wonderful products and very gentle! Its my favorite place I have found in southwest. My mom drives across town just to go here :-)
They have items for all budgets and it is just a good time browsing.  As the other reviewers said, this place is HUGE!  I have been twice and have still not seen it all.  I want to go back and explore downstairs more.  I feel old when I see toys I played with selling as antiques.
Bland over priced pizza, rude bartender. Will not return at this location.
Pretty Good food but how on earth did I spend $64 on a basic breakfast for a party of 3!? Oh my bad the juice & coffee was $4 and soda was $3.50!! Crazy
Don't go!\n\nNo one cares. If you sit at the bar and order a beer, then fine. But don't bother to sit down and want a meal. They completely ignore you.  What a bunch of losers!!
Seriously now.... Has no one ever tasted korean food? This taste nothing like korean food. Please try kogi taco truck then you will understand. I'm pretty sure that's where this guy got the idea from. Worst korean tacos ever... F-
So glad they opened one near my place. It was kind of a hassle to drive to Chinatown for my favorite Chicken Pad Thai, but now It's literally 5 minutes away. I recommend you try the friend wontons too if you want a snack pretty good.
The atmosphere and attitude of the employees was poor overall. It seemed that no one wanted to be there, and were very put out to make 2 sandwiches. I wasn't impressed. It was like everyone had just been reprimanded by a manager or something....
Front 9 plays like a links course.  The back nine is gimmicky and filled with target golf.  That said, this place offers good value for the golfer and GPS is complimentary.  Summers get pretty hot so be sure to hydrate up.
Burgers were very good and service fast. We were not impressed with the thin black hair stuck in the cheese of my wife's burger. The staff were sorry and did give us our money back. Hope this does not happen to anyone else.
Great family owned business.  Friendly staff.  Great sushi and reasonable prices.  Check them out!
I love using the Lemon Sage thickening spray. It is light and doesn't make your hair stiff. I also bought the shampoo and am excited to try it out too!
just cause the macarons, but the macarons are not that good :(
If you are looking for delicious appetizers and breath taking views, look no further.
fantastic and authentic!
Even though we were guests of a gentleman that owns a restaurant in the hotel, we were still treated horribly. I wonder how they treat regular guests at this place.
Took these people 5 hours to put 2 rear brake pads on my car. Could've shown my child how to do it faster. Only good part was family feud was on the TV the whole time. Never again
Great food and really good service! You wouldn't think that mexican and chinese food would go together but it does!
Them burgers is huge, boy.  And tasty!  Way better than a Royale with cheese!.  Or a Big Kahuna Burger.  I do love the taste of a good burger.
Very good customer service. They were quick and give student discounts . Since I'll be starting school soon, so they were big a help. I will definitely go back to them in the future.
pretty good stuff. definitely lots of choices in rolls. most of them seem the same though a little repetitive. overall taste was good, service was really good, price was ok
Ordered double Jack & Coke. Got Jack, Coke, and lots of ICE!! Filled the glass 70% with ice, a good jaw breaker. Price $13.00 + tip.
Picture say's it all, was not happy. 1/2 meatballssss is not! a meatball.
Um yeah a bit boring for adults and true CSI fans...blah really. It is an experience, just not a good one for the price...sorry wish it was better
Such a great spot! The atmosphere is fantastic, staff is super nice, and the food -OMG! Everything, I mean everything, on the menu is delicious. Weekend Brunch has live music and the patio is delightful.
We went there with friends.  Excellent food. I had magret de canard (duck).  Excellent wine list.  Resto is not very large.
Great experience, the cars are very exotic and a blast to drive.
Great family restaurant with great home cooking. We have always been met with prompt  and courteous service.
Not even close to Korean food.  Just because they have Koreans working does not mean its authentic food.  Not enough side dishes. Food was ok. But I guess for Montreal it's fine
Service was exceptional and the food was fantastic.  Rock shrimp appetizer and ice cream sundae are a must!
Jiffy? I don't think so. 75 mins before my truck was in the bay, and I was the next in line the whole time. Please hire mechanic professionals, not sales reps.
Not the best curry,  it's a bit pricey.  To little portions. But the people are very nice & have good customer service.
My 4th time there ,, Food was alright!! Service  was just terrible .. I'm not surprise if they have 1 or 2 stars!! \nOnly 2 tables  .. Three servers just sat down and talking .. Nobody pay attention!! That's all I can say!!
Casino only - fun small casino; remodelled recently; food court; inexpensive drinks and tables.
great mall, stores with wonderful discounts
Que c'est chouette ! J'adore ce caf\u00e9 dans villeray :) c'est beau, le service est hyper agreable, meme les patisseries sont bonnes... Courrez-y !
This place was gross. Spent way too much money for low quality food. My husband barely are his and they didn't even care.
Mean waitress. Long wait for food. Soso food. Creep patrons. But good music.Dirty interior.
Expensive but they have candies that u cannot find in NYC. I'm a huge fan of dark chocolate and they have 70% dark chocolate Kit Kat. That's enough to make me like the place.
What an amazing find in an airport this restaurant is absolutely awesome terrific food highly recommend it
Great experience! I asked for a graduated french manicure. Lisa had never done it before- she thought about it for 30 seconds did one trial nail and ta da! She nailed it!\nLove love love
Place was dark and dreary- seemed old and outdated. They still write out your bill by hand. Food was horrendous- tasteless, clearly defrosted food, food from a can. Service was tolerable. I regret spending money to eat here.
Was extremely disappointed here.  Just never connected with the staff and som.  Food was OK.  Overpriced and over-hyped.  Best part of the evening was hanging in the bar before dinner.
Great sandwiches, sides and deserts with large portions.  The chicken corn chowder is unique and full of flavor.  Guaranteed to get something here that you can't get anywhere else.
This show was such a sham. Nothing the guy asked the people on stage to do was remotely funny and the people on stage were clearly faking everything. Waste of time and money.
Monday is Half price hamburgers. These Burgers are gourmet and only cost $5.00. It is a great deal!! You can get a pint of Carlsberg for $3.00 I love the Irish Pub music.
Abe is truly missed. He always gave great customer service. The short jerk who took over is giving this place a bad name. Super rude and does crappy work.
Its an Ok airport. The Security lines are minimal usually. The Restaurants here are more expensive than other airports that ive been in. Ample parking. Airline staff are helpful and Mccarran has plenty of wheelchairs which is a big plus when your traveling with an elderly passenger.
Good beer and decent food...
Slow and inattentive service. Flatbread and Parmesan chicken were good but not great. Asked for a coke and got diet coke. Waitress didn't come back to check on us til it was time for the check.
Certainly a decent option if you are looking for a healthy alternative to all the fast food places nearby. Pizza was good, not great. Salads were a bit underwhelming. The descriptions on the menu are better than the actual item.\nSpace is nice enough, better for lunch than dinner.
Anytime I enter this shop I want to buy the whole lot up! It's the first place I go to for work outfits. They offer fun, youthful, and still classy options that you can't find at other places. The prices are pretty affordable.  The shop itself is very relaxing and I feel very comfortable here.
Very expensive tourist trap. The food is pure crap.
A wonderful lunch getaway while in Vegas for a conference or wedding. Super nice staff and great food.
Great subs and cool atmosphere! I make sure I hit this place every time I am in town. They have expanded since the last time I was in and there are plenty of tables now!
I haven't been to Burger Bar in a while. Their burgers are ok but overpriced for what you are getting. Better off going to Gordon Ramsay's place if you are thinking of spending 20 dollars on a burger.
Very home like feel... The Best  food I have had in Vegas in a long time.. :) will definitely be back...
My favorite new place in vegas...affordable, amazing quality, fresh ingredients, consistant and always friendly similar to that of a neighborhood restaurant that offers true effort in caring for their customers....I give it two thumbs up and will ve frequenting this lication regularly.
Good food, below average bar
I would give it 0 stars but that doesn't seen to be an option. Not only dies this location always smell of bleach, but today they had 3 flavors OUT OF ORDER!!! In all my time frequenting uswirl around the valley, this is the worst!!!!
Cool people and fast services. We well my boys bought dun sun glasses tom ford. They are in love with them. While I got my self some cartier santos limited edition sunglasses. \n\nNice place had a great collection of sunglasses
Great food prepared to order and generous servings. The burgers are among the best I've ever had. Highly recommended!
Sushi on a belt. I still don't get it. This is the lowest common denominator of sushi quality wise. Go elsewhere.
Solid food. Best beer selection in town. Awesome cheese curds.
Nothing spectacular. I think I've made better hot dogs at home..
Crazy awesome hot chocolate, great porn music (teehee) but seriously great atmosphere staff.... Awesome!
Has horrible food.  I love Chinese food and this place is pretty bad.  I went back three times hoping they have improved, but left disappointed every time. Not worth what I paid for.
I used to order delivery from here every time I had a day off. Call today and it's a 30$ minimum and a 4$ charge. No way I'm gonna pay that and a tip
The one thing keeping this place from getting 5 stars?  Steam the facking buns for chrissakes.  If the slider meat would have been cooked fresh and buns steamed would have been a great meal.  But a cold slider bun sucks ass...
I gave this four stars because I found their concession stand prices outrageous, but the ticket cost was great. The quality of the movie was great, and the whole experience was great. Totally worth the nostalgia.
Deli style, with a menu denoting vegan, vegetarian and gluten free options.  It's simple, clean and bright, and as a bonus it doubles as an art gallery.
Food is very good but the service is lacking and it is expensive ($200 for two). Nice setting but there are resturants with just as good food and better service.
This is the best Chinese buffet I've ever been to.  It is very clean, the food tastes fresh and delicious, and the staff is very friendly and helpful.  We'll definitely be regulars.
Possibly the slowest drive-thru I have been to, even when there is no wait. I wish they would work on this since it is the closest one to my house.
Great food. Great service. The best beer selection in all of Steele Creek.
Had a Groupon. Wasn't worth half off. Service was great but food was just OK.\n\nMaybe a good place for drinks and snacks but not dinner.
Best Pizza in the world. Been around for ever. Been going there for over 25 years and still has a great tasting pizza. Price is not cheap but worth every penny.
Zesty and flavorful! I wish to frequent this spot again!! On the smallish side, with a lovely ambiance. They get their gluten-free bread from The Silly Yak Bakery & Bread Barn!
Average job. Waiting area is dingy and small. No conveniences while waiting, but carwash was ok.
Underwhelming. It was a decent, basic breakfast. Nothing special. The bacon board was kind of sad looking with 4 shriveled pieces of bacon on a giant plastic cutting board.
The service is good with very high internet speeds. Cable TV is high quality also. The prices however are RIDICULOUS.....the price HIKES all the time make me want to lose my lunch
Save your money! Way better shows in Vegas. I've wanted to this forever and was so excited. I was highly disappointed, I would not recommend it.
Amazing food and beer! This is a great place to go for dinner, a date, or just a night out with friends. It's always packed so you need to park a little far away, but it's worth it.
Terrible management rude, mostly yard sale merchandise very little in the way of real antiques.
The worse \"Chinese food\", even the white rice which came with the ogle sweet and sour chicken is really bad.  Please don't eat this food.
My 7-Eleven when Im in Vegas! And when I used to live here!\n\nIts always clean and the staff are friendly! \n\nNachos and Slurpees.... mMm...
French fries were very good, the rest was bland and boring. Took FOREVER to get our food.
This place is really a Chinese buffet with a bit more seafood available than the average Chinese buffet. But at $16.88 per person on a Saturday, I think not! \n\nToo expensive for at most two servings.
Got an assortment of 12 cupcakes for my sister in law for her birthday.  She loved them!  They flavors were fun and diverse.  They owner and her mother were super friendly.  They will do special order and cake pops.
This place is a Madison game day staple. The only problem is that this is the case for hundreds of people (and that may be modest). If you are into ass to elbow people, but an incredibly good time, this is the spot for you!
My sandwich was amazing. But customer service wasn't too great. The female cashier was complaining about her hours and another employee.
Absolutely awful service... OK food... Had to wait an hour after our reservation to finally be seated then had to ask for bread and to place an order... After all that they did not offer to comp anything... Will not be back
Value.  Prices are very reasonable. Staff was friendly, food was better than I expected - fish and chips were good! I will definitely be making this part of my rounds.  Why not 5 stars?  Those are rare and special so 4 happily given stars should be worth a peek.
I ate it and I didn't die. I'm so happy to say these words. What more can you say about greasy rice and cogulated 'brown' sauce?
Ta Chido has delicious potato and black bean tacos (not a ton of vegetarian options, but they're good)! The queso topping is great. The ambiance is even better, though - the style of the place is unique and fun, and the guys who run the place are the nicest. Highly recommended!
This place was great for my kids they enjoyed it. I don't like how packed it is but its the M&M store so its expected. The candy in my opinion is too expensive but hey if your a candy person than maybe you won't mind. I'm sure I'll be back for my kids.
It's a really groovy space. I had an excellent burger. Our server Gerardo was terrific. We spoke with the manager Suda who was also lovely. If you're looking for a super groovy new school Mexican restaurant downtown, definitely check out La Comida.
Average option for brunch. Can't believe it took $1000 of losing at craps to earn enough comps to eat a brunch here. :(
Wish there was more places like this in Vegas.  If you are looking for a quick, inexpensive meal...this is a great option.  It's not quite the quality of the pizza I'm used to in NY but it definitely hit the spot.
I had a bad experience at first with the workers attitudes, but I didn't post. I did end up liking the food and the second experience was better. I will go back and the fried pickles are yummy but very very salty.
Might as well get your coffee and cappuccino at the gas station and pay less it's same powdered crap. Plus theso called ham in my croissant was some horrifying processed garbage w ham flavoring. Nasty but the baked goods are tasty
Love it, great selection.. You can have it all
Don't waste your time or money! Server had to many tables and no help from any co workers. Mangers can't seemed to know when to step in and help. Burgers did not taste fresh at all. The prices are way to high!!
A good place to go for tacos and drinks!
Applebee's is your regular bar/grill chain restaurant.  This one is very basic and easy to describe.\n\nLike all other Applebee's \nSerivce is decent, nothing over the top\nFood is somewhat infrequently in quality but maintains portions.
This dunkin no longer has non-vegetarian options. I'm all for having kosher/veg choices - but fake bacon was an unpleasant surprise.
Friendly staff and good food. I had a burger, which was decently priced and fairly tasty. While this place was all right, it's definitely nothing to write home about. Maybe next time I'll try a steak and see how that is.
Absolutely delicious food, good quality veggies and very nice atmosphere/service. A little hard for us to find, but a real gem!
I love this place!  The food is consistently good and fresh!  We order out most of the time for convenience, but have eaten in the restaurant and have always had wonderful service.  Excellent!!
Although deeply respected master of the cut, Kevin, has moved on to other things, Cozy and the newly appointed Kerri continue in the rich tradition of hair cutting perfection that has made Juno my go-to stop for hair-cuts and Korean fashion magazines.  Thanks guys!
I walked into this walmart and busted up laughing 2 minutes after I entered.  Ghetto fabulous all around.  \n\nYea for covered parking, boo for not having the best food selection.
Cant say that I eat anything on the menu except for the sweet potato fries, which are pretty dang amazing!!!!  The service was a little awkward......the server didn't seem to be comfortable at the table talking to us.  Maybe his first day?
If you are looking for rude casino staff, halls that smell like cat urine and a terrible pool (don't believe the pics) than the Tropicana is your hotel!!!\n\nThis is one of those cases where you get what you pay for.  We will not return.
It would be nice if they had a working phone number and website. :/ irritating to get any information.
I was disappointed in the service a few weeks ago. Door hostess was in a bad mood, bowling attendant was was in a bad mood and the bartenders were just rude. Yes it was packed but I've been in there before and everyone had a positive vibe! Bowling price needs to come down a little to!
We got there in the knick of time on a Tuesday night. The location could use a major facelift, but it's friendly, prompt and has the nice student working the counter. And it's ice cream. 31 Flavors and all.
Not an easy place to buy something. Long lines, credit card processing not working properly. Staff was nice but appeared to be unprepared for customer volume and procedures.
Octopus was pretty good\nThe Bronzino ( no clue why costs 42) but was yummy \n\nBeat salad not so much and deserts were pretty delis \n\nBut overall not worth the price
Just went here the other night. Solid food. Awesome Belgian beer.
It was okay nothing special...pancakes were dry didn't eat it. Got that with bacon eggs and potatoes and toast! The staff was good friendly, it took a while for the food to come out but it was expected for a Sunday. Food wasn't terrible but I wouldn't come back.
Everything here is good. Watch for seasonal variations on classic dishes depending on the time of the year.
Love the AYCE!!! Full orders or half orders! The skewers are definitely a must. Towards the evening it gets busy but other than that it's one of my fav sushi spots! Oh yea park in the next plaza cause parking is a hassle
we ordered 1 sumo & 2 ninja size of snow creams.,  In comparison to Hong Kong, Taiwan, & Singapore, it rates ok for Vegas. It seems the portions are getting less and inconsistent each time I've been here. I am not happy in the value anymore, not worth the price I paid.
Fantastic service! Delicious food! Special treatment on anniversary and birthdays. What more could you want?
Very good service!! Great food...very tasty!!
I showed up this month for the Yelp breakfast club.  To me this is a really good neighborhood breakfast/lunch place.  Not necessarily a destination place nor worth the wait outside.  The food is good and priced correctly.  The space is still cramped for parties of 5 or more
I saw Smokey Joes Cafe last year during the summer and it was ok. I like Pease Auditorium so much better. Pease is way more intimate and I feel connected with the performance.\n\nJust my 2 cents
The service was less than fabulous but the karaoke was fabulous! Also, the drinks were pretty cheap. All in all - it was OK.
