It's not bad, just get there early if your leaving form a convention...it will take at least 30 minutes to get through security and too your gate.
I ordered a vegi wrap and fries to go, got back up to the room and found they didn't include the fries (which I watched him ring up as an extra charge). If you charge $23 for wrap and fries I expect it to be good... disappointing.
The food is always awesome.  Best in the area.   \n\nThe people behind the counter need to pull their heads out of their asses.  Don't be rude to me if I ask for an extra bag to carry my food.  I'd be happy to let the food drop to the floor for you to clean up.
I really enjoy coming here to get my nails done. They do a wonderful job on both pedis and nails. It is nice and clean inside. They are very friendly and welcoming. It is worth it to stop in and try it out.
I enjoy stopping by to see what they have. They have cute clothes and bags. \n\n I am a sucker for a sales but their sale line mostly includes damaged goods... For example, missing buttons, rips, and stains. The sale isn't even that good so it's over priced for a damaged item.
Great old fashioned ice cream parlor!\n\nThey have a ton of toppings to create your own or special unique creations. It's a fun place and we had good service. Ice cream was great too. \n\nIt will definitely be a stop of mine next year during spring training.
I never shop shop here-grocery wise. I do however frequent the bakery area for some delicious passion fruit ice tea. Sometimes I'll even walk away with a little treat to satisfy a sweet tooth. Other than that your on your own. Good luck
No matter what, I'm always waiting in a long line. The cashiers move very slowly and will hold up the line for various reasons; wrapping a customer's 10 individual mums, chatting with a regular, etc. Really unpleasant experience.
This place is ok but watch out for the wannabe in the fake dreadlocks. He will ruin your night. Make sure you are not winning at the machines or he will not comp your drinks. Maybe it's time for Marley to get a new job.
This place is amazing! really good prices for the amount and type of food you get, a really fun place to eat with family and friends. Will definitely be going back!  not to mention the food is DELICIOUS!
Omg. This place is horrible. Long lines and unprofessional employees.  How do they mange to stay open. They are horrible.\nCustomer service is nonexistent here. \nDon't give your money to these people. Find another fabric store.
I've only been to this Starbucks a couple times, always drive thru. There always seems to be a long line of cars and takes a few minutes more than we're use to but nothing really to complain too much about. Same coffee as other locations. Friendly, helpful staff.
I beg to differ.  Had a very nice experience here.  I had the sea bass-- fresh herbs and lemon, nicely done.  Husband asked for a dish not on the menu and it was prepared just as he asked.  Also a nice panna cotta with good texture.  And good espresso.  Friendly service as well.
The local Italian restaurant has a full bar and nice menu. Afternoon happy hour is only good in the bar area so if you are interested in the happy hour specials sit at or in the bar area. I tried the veal parm and it was over cooked. The food is very average compared to similar restaurants that serve the same type of food.
Food was mediocre, at best. Service was AWFUL.  We were lured in by the smell, but the food did not live up to it.  Not even in the same ballpark as Ichiban.
Nice atmosphere. Reasonable service on a very busy night. The roasted veggies were good. The lemon chicken was hard and dry, not at all warm and they were stingy with the butter. We had to ask several times for more bread and butter. This was not my typical experience here, the lunch experience was much better.
It's pointless to post photos of your menu in lieu oftyping out the full menu, when the pics are blurry and unreadable. I wanted to order some food in my New neighborhood but I can't see your menu:(
What a cute little local place!  Everything I have tried has been wonderful,  but the corn salad is my very favorite followed by the peanut butter kiss cookies (to die for) . The service is a little slow sometimes due to only one or 2 people cooking, but if you are in a rush, call it in or order on line.
I stayed here on an off-night and it was only around 40 bucks. Loved the room we had with the view and the hot tub. Both the exterior and interior of this hotel/casino are really cool looking. Criss Angel's show is here and it's a fun one to watch. No real complaints.
Loved this ballpark. Spring training March 5, 2014 Reds/Dodgers night game. Easy to park and walk to the gate. Friendly, helpful staff. Great food! Fun, fun, fun!!
Nowhere near as good food as Paris.  Maybe the Chinese New Year menu had something to do with it, but even staples like prime rib and pasta were pretty tasteless, and the lamb chops felt heavy and oily.\n\nWon't spend my money here again.
This is the most poorly managed location.  We waited for 75 min only to have a group of 3 walk in and be seated immediately before us, without any wait.  The manager had no explanation.  Grimaldi's was happy to take the business.  Keep up the poor service.  I will take my business outside Fox restaurants!
I should have reviewed this place back in March when I ate there. I hope it is going strong because it was great. Somewhere between a bistro and a brew-pub, the food and drinks were great.
S'allrite 4 TempEasy.\n\nbrunch food= breakfast + lunch.  \n\nusually pretty busy.  \n\ni'd much prefer The Good Egg.
Zimbrick Acura is dirty, just like every other Zimbrick in town.  They over-quote and refuse to even answer simple questions.  It is $125 just to walk in the door.  Acura of Brookfield starts at $74.\n\nHmm.
southwest is starting to not be as good as it used to be. i seem to be delayed on 80% of the flights i take!\ni probably wont stop flying them cuz they still are the cheapest (usually). so, i guess you get what you pay for!
The ribs were burnt to a crisp and the brisket was so dry.  I can't believe this place has 4 1/2 stars. Wtf
Starting to become fond of this place. Always treated with great service, and great food! Spicy Tuna Roll is one you cant miss out on! And there pot stickers have a unique taste, and this really mind blowing with the sauce!
Jin Jin restaurant highly recommend, not that big, but the food are really good. We ordered orange chicken,Sichuan beef and seafood delight,which are all really good! Right choice to come!:)
Not your hoppin sushi bar but the quality is great. If u want a nice quiet sushi place, this is it. The service was great
Very greasy and not very good. The chili is just there, no flavor and just not good.
Open 24 hrs yet at 230 am only one checkout is available...You have the capability of offer self checkout and yet have the area closed off..
Tasty!\n\nI'm a returning customer to BLT burger because they have one of the best burgers and shakes I've had in Vegas.
Atrocious customer service. Store is dimly lit and cashiers are rude. Go to Fry's. This store sucks.
Yummy, fresh, fast Mediterranean . Generous portions and friendly staff. Definitely going to visit here often.
closes at 7pm?  are you kidding me?
This place is good for about an hour of entertainment, on a good day.  The hi light was paper airplane making, something we can easily do at home.  My suggestion, spend the $4 more and head to the Children's Museum downtown.  It is better by leaps and bounds.
Pretty much Taco Bell with a bar.  Tortilla chips were very hard, salsa was bland.  Service was average, not even good.  Drinks were same price as the top tier casinos: 8 oz margarita was $16.00.  Bend me over.!
Blah, no flavor. Busy but I have no idea why.
Every order I have made with them has been a disaster!   The cloths are nice when you get them and they fit - sizing a bit off on top of everything else.  Don't bother!!
Yummy lemon tart! Like! :-)
This was seriously one of the best meals I've had in a very long time. I had the spicy ground pork dish - it was almost a religious experience. I'll definitely be back. As soon as I can!
Nice place to have poutine.  Friendly service
Not very helpful property management company.  I would not recommend real estate by Design to friends.
When all you have to do is select an icon to complete a patrons order one should expect that service would be good.  Somehow they never seem to get it right.
I have been a regular for years. I was there last week and have realized their quality has been declining. The proportion is dwindling as price goes up. However, still same amount of salt and grease. Toyama, you guys need to step up your game.
This place is so fancy!! I've only been in the casino part and it's really nice. Their parking is easy and they have the best club in town (XS). They also have many nice smaller bars which are great for hanging out and just relaxing.
Awful, just awful. Both for the experience and the food.
The hookah was really bad, had to change it twice and was still awful. \nIf your a serious hookah user this is not for you!\nMight be a an okay place to hang but not for smoking hookah.
First visit, ordered orange beef . Meet was fatty, indicating low quality and lacked crispiness. Don't think I'm coming back.
Well thanks for the offer.  The most truest statement I have ever hear was frist impression are lasting ones. I excepted another offer.  If I have to use an direct hire or temp agency. This will not be the one. And thanks for addressing my grandson.
I've had her work on swimsuits, a formal skirt, and a slip.  Great job on all of them.
Average location with drive thru. Employees friendly, but still got a one drink order wrong after confirming at drive thru speaker when ordered and at window where you pay.
We went here Monday. 3 servers standing around laughing talking, but no one came to our table for drink orders or even to greet us and say they would be with us shortly after they were done talking gossip... after 7 min we left. Slow service and they were empty. We spent our 40.00 at a different restaurant.
I like the bacon egg and cheese sandwich in the morning from here. Not greasy and ya it's microwaved- but what's not in this terminal? \nThe bread is fresh and the sandwich is hot. If I was a smoothie guy I would've gone to Rachael's but a solid breakfast sandwich
Great service and waitpeople. Love menu. New favorite place before theater and symphony. Procedure right for lots of fun food.  Loved Ahi salad and cheese board.  Nice wines by the glass.
We eat here at least twice a week. You can't beat the low prices and good quality of food. I generally don't like Chinese....I prefer Thai but their food is so flavorful. I love the chicken with garlic sauce with chicken wings. I know it sounds crazy but the wings are good.
The best ribs always. Tortilla Soup, Ribs, and a Pacifico.  That's what I have every visit and it's always awesome.  If it's in, ill eat the peach cobbler because that's their best dessert IMO.
My wife and I had never been to a Brazilian Steakhouse and just wanted to get out for a nice dinner. I did not realize there would be SO MUCH MEAT. The meat is good and it is a lively atmosphere. Beautiful building. Go for the experience or to heat several pounds of beef.
You need to get fried ice cream from this place !! Or any kind of food is authentic , total mom & pops restaurant. do yourself a favor, eat here & don't skip dessert !
Typical McDonalds. Its new so its clean and has a nice interior.
Great food, friendly staff, and another cool restaurant from upward projects.  Family style tacos but also perfect individual lunch portions.
These mother fuckers hit an ran my car! Eye witness took down their cab number and license plate. Your busted!
Our first visit. I brought my teen and a bunch of his friends. I played also, though was mostly  target practice :) The owner is very cool. The playing fields are awesome with cars, a helicopter and buildings. It's well organized and all the rental gear worked great.
Not my favorite place in the world I love in and out they by far have the best burgers Lennies burgers is alright but if you really want a real good burger you go to burger bar in Vegas.
Wow, the manager here has the absolutely the worst attitude I have ever seen, avoid this location at all costs.
I had high hopes to try their hot dogs.  I got the beef dog but it was ok, a little too charred for my taste.  The fries were great.  The wait in line was about 20 mins.  The place was packed due to an ASU game.  Some of the tables were dirty.
You're in the Palazzo and you need that caffeine hit?\n\nNice space, crowded but you could do worse. Hopefully you can camped out a seat amongst the Euro tourists. Wifi is helpful.
The food is so yummy !!!
Super unique menu, excellent atmosphere and definitely one of my favorites in oldtown. I just recently moved to the area and have been really enjoying all of the great venues in the oldtown area. This place however stands out above most of the other places and is one of the best places to bring people who come to visit.
Go big or go home ? \n\nReally ?\n\nI'll stay home, thank you
Well, that didn't last long.\n\nLayalina burned to the ground Saturday, November 16, 2013.
I am finally back to the only yoga class that works for me, Brikram Yoga. I haven't practiced for 2 yrs! This is a great new studio. The changing room and especially the showers are a bit too small. I would definitely recommend it. Try it - your body will love you for it!
This place is helllllllaaaa good. But on my last day in Vegas I got food poisoning from eating a bad crawfish from this place! Booooo but it was delicous before I got sick so minus one star
The \"hot\" sandwich came out just warm(as a result of it being left out after it was toasted) and I feel I got shafted on the portions. There are definitely better options than this.
I'm a huge fan of food trucks and love me some good falafel. Banzo married these two better than any I've sampled! I would stand in line through blazzing heat and brutally cold days just to eat lunch here. \n\nThank you Banzo.
Pizza is ok, sauce is kinda bland,  but these wings are not good.  Wings have the taste of old or burnt oil
Go elsewhere- the quality, service, price, and variety are nothing special (with exception to the Middle Eastern Food).  The buffet at the Rio is much better!!!
The food was great. You can customize your pita with lots of toppings including guacamole, roasted peppers, artichokes, and lots more (at no extra charge). I will definitely be back!
Incredible fun find in vegas!!! Don't miss the skirt steak \"on fire\". Everything we had was memorable and delicious. Very creative, fun menu. We will be adding it to our \"don't miss\" list every time we are in Vegas.
Close this mall down already! It's ghetto and the stores belong in a swap meet.
Pretty good restaurants and things to do in the hotel,  room service sucks, nice looking place.
Excellent breakfast selection and great dinner choices. I would recommend trying their crispy French toast for breakfast while sitting outdoors underneath the umbrellas with the Mummy Mountain scenic view! \nThey also have yummy fish tacos and a nice artichoke appetizer to compliment your meal at dinner.
I still can't get a handle on this place.  Depending on the time of day you seem to attract either mostly elderly alcoholics or douchebags from the suburbs.  Where are the hipsters?
Love the atmosphere here and the waitress was super nice and friendly. The cheese garlic bread sticks were very good. The downside....the pizza. It was soggy and greasy. Normally that doesnt really bother me however that plus the weird tasting sauce just made it sub par.
1St Indian food experience was a pleasant one.   Great value in the buffet and staff was great.
I'm back and forth on if I like this place or not.  I think I will settle on, if you are looking for sublime pizza, it's not the place.  However, if you are looking for good pizza and good deals in the Fort Mill, SC area, then this is a great destination.
I had the sauteed sliced fish (swai) with green onion and ginger.  So good, fresh, wholesome, and filling. It reminded me of my mom's home cooking, or as close you are going to get to it at a restaurant.  Service was fun, fast, and friendly.  Nice people.
I need to go to this place more often.  They have a big selection and almost always have the item I'm looking for.  The prices are not much different than a big box store but not having to fight the Saturday Home Depot crowd is well worth it!  Friendly and helpful staff.  I am a fan of Ace Hardware.
Yep, gonna visit this place if you want a job in service here in Vegas. Pretty clean, nice building, helpful staff. Pretty quick in and out as well.
Very good food nice place
food was really great and service was good. would give it a 3.7 if I could  only thing negative was that our rice wasn't fully cooked
The sandwich filling options are good, but the bread is dry, crumbly, and tastes mass produced. With options like milio's and Jimmy john's so close by with much better bread, it's hard to justify paying so much for a sandwich here.
Hotel is pretty fresh and clean.  Free wifi in room and in the lobby. Can't ask for much more as a business traveler.
Only had brunch here but I was thoroughly impressed. My girlfriend got the eggs Benedict and it was out of this world. I had the vegan chorizo scramble and it was incredible. I'd recommended it to non-vegans such as myself as well
Not a bad place except that they are busy as all get out with the recession bringing more people into lower limit casinos.\n\nHas a feel of downtown without having to get a $25 cab.
Good food, i'll be heading back to try a few other options but the tacos were ok, not spectacular.  The salsa was good but not explosive on my buds.
Had my birthday here with my closest friends. Service was absolutely amazing. The atmosphere was just awesome.
Fair pizza but certainly not worth the high price. Not exactly a working class pizza joint. We have tried it twice to see if we were missing something based on several raves we heard ; nope. It isn't bad pizza, but it isn't great pizza. We weren't impressed.
I went to Firesky for spa week with a few co worker/ friends...I chose a massage and was pleasantly satisfied with my session.  Great attentive staff and such a beautiful resort, it's right across the street from my fave restaurant Roaring Fork! I can't wait to come back
Decent haircuts, affordable pricing. They always cut your hair shorter than you ask! Staff seems miserable, except the one guy who is chatty. I don't mind someone quiet cutting my hair, I really don't need to chat while getting my hair cut. Overall 3/5.
Giddy up. Food was actually ok. Service not so much.
this place is closed
Well, some dishes are good and some dishes are not so good.  Portions on the small side compared with ACE and Mekong Palace a mile north.  3 1/2 rounded up to 4.
Went this morning in search of breakfast. Waited 15 min on line to be seated. Once we were seated, the waitress did not even show up for about 1/2 hour so we got up and left. \n\nAbsolutely Ridiculous!
My favorite burgers! Bacon cheeseburger all the way.  The Cajun fries are delicious and the atmosphere is casual and fun. I love this place.
Hark, all boob lovers!\nThe owner fixed the problem.\nAll nude, all the time.
5/14/13  Went during the Great Dane Club meeting.  There were nearly 30 of them!!  Nice park with green areas, places to sit with a covered area.  Dog watering station and areas are separate for large and small dogs.
awrsome place.. great for watching games lots of TVs... and lots of fans... had a great time
It was good, but I feel like the menu was very limited. If you love fruit and bacon in the morning this is the place to be. I got the banana chocolate crepes and it wasn't bad but they put a crap load of bananas lol.
Yummy! My wife loves this place. I think it's a good snack. I'd probably get the free oatmeal next time to make it better.
Unreasonably long lines. You have to tip to get in. They used to have a separate line for ticket holders, now it's mixed in with general admission. Waiting in line smelling people puke and farts is not worth my $50 plus all drink money spent inside.
Great place. Makes washing your dog not such a chore. Good prices on natural dog food.
I have had several dishes here but was blown away by the Orange Roufie I had the other night. Small quant place with great service. The risotto is another of my favorites.
Cool stuff for every home. Creative pieces that will garner interest from your house guests, visitors, door-to-door salesmen, and the UPS guy. Serious style injection for your home. I bought some great local art and love it. Thanks Lucas
Good times.   Stuffed shrooms. Meh.   Great wings.  drink selection good. fairly large sports book
Meh, my filet was overcooked, service was slow. Ambiance was nice but ..nothing really special. The sides were a la carte. If you're looking for a good steakhouse, look elsewhere.
Great place to walk or play or even to take the dogs to let them stretch their legs.
I *love* this place!!! Their sandwiches are all great (I usually get the Yahoo), and I love their creamy chicken soup that they serve in freshly made bread bowls :)
Great food and prices. Our waiter, Travis, was friendly and knowledgable. Sort of slow, but still worth it.
Did a park and fly on our way to Alaska out of Charlotte. This was a quick hop away from our hotel. So-so menu. Adequate food...nothing fancy. Large portions. Quick service. Clean. Friendly. A safe place  a good meal.
Trying way way too hard to be the hipster local in Phoenix.
45 dollars to wash my new car and they did not even get it clean  I have tried them three times now a complete waste of Time  retarded monkeys can wash cars better than them. And now I have a dent on the roof of my show car thanks you dumb asses
I was gonna stop in awhile back...and they were gone. Guess they moved to Surprise. Sad that a candy store can't make it so close to a school. What's wrong with the world?
Just came home from a 5 course wine dinner. Wow fabulous! Chef Jon Spahr did us proud with chef Beau MacMillan at his side. Great evening , wonderful food, and GREAT wine.
I spoke to the manager of the Encore Beach Club today who was very kind and has taken the necessary step to make sure future guests are treated with respect and dignity!
great food. great service. get the double double animal style with animal style fries! perfection... and scripture on the bottom of ur cup! love it!
You may think otherwise, but I actually have a limit for enjoying things ironically. And this is pretty much it.
Great hotel. The staff is really helpful and nice. The d\u00e9cor is beautiful and my room had a wonderful view.
As always a great club. But with XS and Surrender opening up recently, the crowd at Tryst has gone a bit downhill. Again, you need to know a promoter otherwise, you need to tip the bouncer and get in.
Great burger place, I had the classic. The food and the service were good. Check it out if you are in Vegas.
I give it two stars cause the food was tasty but the service and the price trickery, the servers and attitude sux.\nHas great potential.
This is a typical Scottsdale feed stop. It has an upscale atmosphere with a good bar and a decent drink menu. Despite being in Scottsdale they have some decent lunch specials. Their Paninis are delicious and so are their salads which I believe have pine nuts in them. A good lunch option is the half panini and soup combo.
It is in the airport, wasn't expecting much! The prices are a buck or two more than a regular chili's but for airport food it is nice to be able to sit in a restaurant and get decent food. Better than a lot of the food court stuff.
Not worth it. Spend a little more and go to a much better buffet.\nMany great options in Vegas!
Had lunch yesterday. Bland and lukewarm. Watery rice. If you want plain vanilla Indian food, this is it.
Every cocktail I've ordered from their menu has been amazing. When I tried to order a standard martini it tasted like pure vermouth. Food is good, but you can find better for less money around the square.
Just OK in my book--kind of expensive and not the most expansive breakfast menu (no french toast or pancakes for breakfast?), also the cheese sampler was not impressive at all. slow service..maybe that makes it french?
Clean and organized. Stopped there briefly to look at records and found 3- Pearl Bailey, Sarah Vaughan, and Peggy Lee. Super!
Don't get me wrong, my 3 stars versus 4 is not a bad thing. It was good but not the best. I'd say try It out!
So I just picked up my car... It sounds like there's a plane flying over me as I drive it... Great!
They are known for their fish fry. I wasn't impressed. The Dane has better fish fry in my opinion. However, they still manage to snag a Madison Magazine Best of Madison award almost every year. Y'all must like it more than me.\n\nService is ok, not great.
From Downtown Chicago so used to great hair care... But this place reminded me of home... Linda is phenomenal and after stepping a few feet from the door I got a compliment on my hair.... I highly recommend this to anybody who's looking for great and relaxing haircut..
Came in here for lunch one day. It was one of those fast-food Hawaiian BB!Q place. The menu also have wide selection of Boba drinks. \nI think I order the barbeque pork plate, which was not bad. The portion is reasonable for the price. The macaroni were kind of bland though.
Avoid this place, It has guys hanging out waiting to tow your car. If you eat there and then shop, they watch as you leave the lot and call a tow.
Great service and they all made me feel very comfortable with my first treatments!
Always great for a variety of wholesome foods and desserts! Everything is neatly organized.
Why sell groupons when you don't have hours to accommodate people who have jobs and also no appoints available for 3 weeks. What a scam!
This is a great place for lunch meetings.  It is never super crowded, or very noise.  The food is good.  And it has a really nice atmosphere.
I saw lots of good review on yelp , so try Pho dac biet , the broth has no taste , meat and pho is sooooo much less . Can't even feel u up . When to \"Lee sandwich\" get me a sandwich after .
This place is basically a bar that allows your dog to come in. \n\nBartenders are attentive. People are friendly\nOutside the bar there is astroterf to walk on.\nThis is a very casual place.
This is a must! For all you seafood lovers out there! The view is amazing, it could not get any better! The food was excellent, and an affordable price:) it was very classy, you will have to dress up~ no\njeans!
Great stuff if you can afford their prices.
Amazing dinner and service!  Filet was cooked perfectly.  If you are celebrating a special night and a meat eater - Go there you won't be disappointed.
Great Breakfast! Went for Father's day and they had fresh banana pancakes yummy!!! Def must have breakfasts good portions.
Went here yesterday to order lunch to go.  \n\nI ordered a reuben, which was good, but I found the prices to be a bit skewed on the high side for what you receive.  \n\nOverall I got what I wanted, but I don't know how often I would be back.
great ambiance, service and appetizer platers but, the pizza came out burnt and wasnt really that great
For a chain restaurant, this place impresses. Great menu selection, quality food and if you like spicier dishes, the menu clearly identifies which dishes could be for you. \n\nIf you're a dessert person, try the chocolate dome, it's a flourless mound of deliciousness.
I've eaten here many times and am never sorry I did afterwards. And now I see they are opening one in Ahwatukee right near where I live! Can't wait till that one opens.
Food was good. Service was minimal.
Nice grass!!! Didn't go inside as we were here for a beerfest and concert but it was quite an impressive building and the nicest, softest grass on the planet, I'm sure!
Went here to kill some time after watching a baseball game.... Not super impressed with this place but it seems to be a good place to take your kids. Considering that it was located at an outlet mall I thought it was pretty interesting. Facility looks clean and well maintined, definitely enjoyed being able to touch some of the animals
We were looked after by Paige who was fantastic. Oh the cocktails were great too! The gold leaf in the first drink of the night was a nice touch. The view of the strip coupled, live music with stunning drinks made for a fantastic evening, and we can't wait to go back tonight.
Getting more and.more expensive everything we go. I used to enjoy getting loads of stuff for.antenner but no.can do now huh xx
my friend and Ifeel the burgers and shakes were worth the fast, the good staff, and all the hype. The fries were average.
its a good place for  awesome fish fry all you can eay on friday nights.yummy, so if you are in the mood for fish drop by.
I love Godiva! Yummy chocolate whenever you feel the need to treat yourself. Stopped in the other day and Vicki was so helpful and friendly. She gave me a couple of samles of different things which helped me settle on getting their milk chocolate caramels. Yum!
Bad service and a small selection of supplies.  I stood around for 20 mins in this small store and not one person offered to help me find what I needed.  I'll be heading to fry's and radio shack instead.
We were not impressed. Growing up in Cali did spoil us on good Mexican food. Tony's was just ok.
Always a smooth experience both ways...flying in and out.
Barely average food and lots of barely average food...which you won't finish because it is barely average not because there's so much.  Very disappointed in both the food and the rude staff. Not worth going out of your way.
Great comedy.  Bad service with over priced watered down drinks.  Only go if you really want to see the comedian.
Not great in food or in service. I came in way after lunch and they had 5 tables filled. Food was blah but service was awful and I even said hi to mgr and she said nothing. First time at a culvers and will probably be my last
Amazing one of a kind furniture!  I have purchased several items for my new home and love everything I chose.  Everything is hand painted and has a special touch.  Owners are very nice and have a delivery service available to assist you if you don't own a truck.  Check it out!!
We love to come here. The food is always good and service is always helpful. We LOVE the punch card it helps us be more loyal.
Dont come here. Broth is plain.nothing special. Very poor service.. we forgot to tip and on our way out the door..the boss and waitress started  yelling at us and giving us dirty looks for not tipping! \n\nVery RUDE!!!!
Dr. Brooks saved my dog's life. I'm very grateful for the professional service and care we received. I highly recomend this animal hospital.
The Spicy Basil Noodles with chicken was delish!
Cute cafe style restaurant across from Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf at the Venetian. Expect friendly staff and cramped seating. The pizzas are great, I specially enjoyed the veggie one. We also had the clam vongole which offered a handsome portion of seafood over perfectly cooked pasta. Great to see many Europeans eating here!
This place is your average 'ole diner. Nothing too amazing and nothing too horrible. They seem to focus on their pizza selection, but I had a club sandwich which was pretty good. I also even tried their big cookie dessert which was alright as well. Service was quite amiable but nothing stands out about this place in the very end.
It's hard to like this place after Taj Mahal--but there were many choices and it wasn't the worst, but it really wasn't the best. Some stuff was over salted and the chicken tikka was dry.
I went during the lunch rush and the service was a bit slow. The carrot soup and vegetable couscous was very good, but a bit pricey for lunch. I got a slice of banana bread to go, but it was the worst banana bread I ever had. Not sweet at all. So don't get that!
One of the best vegan/vegetarian restaurants accessible to people near Tempe and Scottsdale. If stopping by during lunch buffet, visit on the weekend because they generally have at least one extra dish available.
Great location! It's the perfect walk from our place to grab some lunch. Everyone is always so nice and the food is always great!
Slow slow slow check out. Selection is poor and check out is super slow.
HORRIBLE!!! What a waste of money. The show was terribly slow. Not funny. Seats were extremely uncomfortable. The guy next to me was totally on top of me   Save your money and find a different show.
Perhaps a 2.75, I felt the food was in imaginative, the menu was small, and the service was slow.  I love all Mexican food, but this just felt like it fell short
Expensive drinks at $15 each, not great atmosphere since nothing is really exciting about it. Interesting performances hang from the center ring every 30 min of dancers from ropes, etc which added some fun.
There food tastes very good and the way you can build your own meal is great. The only complaint I have is the size of the chicken strips. They are very small. So if you're debating between how many to order, order more !
Bring ur snacks, games, sudoku, books, or anything while u wait. I hv appointment at 2.45pm, enter the room at 4.08pm, still hv to meet the doct; finish at 5.21pm. My doctor was cool though :)
I haven't been to the original cronut bakery, the long lines are too intimidating. But thanks to La Cornetteria, I've got a taste of the famous croissant/donut. :)
terrible and expensive..  very cheap food quality..
They have changed their wing recipe, they now bread all of their wings. This is very disappointing, a real buffalo wing is never breaded. If I wanted breaded wings I would suffer through the horrible wings at Hooters. Corporate get your act together and go back to how they have been made for the last 25 years!
Food was alright.  I didn't like the mayo sauce they put on the pot stickers. Service was ok. Everyone was very friendly.
The service was really good.  The food wasn't.  The rice tasted like it had been made hours before and kept in a warmer.  It was clumpy and not good.  The rest of the food did not taste like it was freshly prepared.  Very disappointed.  The server was really nice though.
Gotta Love Oliveos!!!
Not to be missed on a nice day in summer.
I was a pretty loyal customer here just because I lived so close, but twice they've taken off half my eyebrow, once ripped an eyelash out, and actually burned me with the thread under my eyebrow and I have a lovely scar. No thanks.
Went looking for a universal garage door opener, and ended up getting it cheaper at Wal Mart. For all other purposes though, this is a good HD.
I second Adam M's review, and would add that the sandwiches are cheap and delicious. For $10, you get an entire loaf of Italian bread split open and filled with toppings.
Don provided me and my fellow C-130 crew members savory breakfast burritos at 1am following a taxing air campaign against the Coyote nation.\n\n'Merica.
amazing everything especially potatoes, banaba bread and lobster omelet yummmm!!!
Awesome food. From their steak to their seafood platter. Bacon wrapped shrimp is delicious. Definitely recommend this place to everyone.
Good portions very happy!
What was in the green salsa that gave it a nail polish remover after taste? The tortilla chips were ok. Not that this 2-star review will do any good, this place is located at the Southwest Terminal at McCarran, they'll get business no matter what.
The food is aways consistent here. I love the hummus and pita and also the chicken entree. good and friendly service always.
The food is really nice but its a bit over priced...service is really good..they have great personalitites...
I am a Target fan, but sometimes I need to go to Walmart to get the things I can't find.     But there are always a tons of people (rude people), screaming kids, and a lot of product everywhere.
I love places like this. There is something for everyone and for every occasion.   Ample parking.  Comfortable atmosphere.  Helpful staff.  Thank you for adding to my Vegas experience!  Much better place to leaves money - over the casino.  :)
Line to get a ticket is long, but moves surprisingly fast. I like the method of different tickets for different needs. It expedites the process. Friday is really busy. They have a tv.
Big portions, great service, and amazing food! Btw, you have to try the \"Carnitas Michoacanas\" amazing! Overall, highly recommend for an authentic Mexican meal.
always had positive experiences at this store. no complaints.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the food!!!  \nTons of healthy choices!  So fresh and delicious!!!!\n\nAwesome staff!   Very attentive, friendly and on top if it!!!\n\nGoing back and taking every friend I have!!!
Wasn't impressed at all with the quality of the food. I've been here before and had a pleasant experience but the most recent experience was not a good one. The food quality was different and not in a good way!
Really great Thai food. High quality ingredients.
Found this to be a solid BBQ place - ordered a combo plate - all the food was reasonably good, and they had Fat Tire on tap which is always a bonus.  Service was reasonable as well.  Had heard mixed reviews in advance of RUB, but had a good serviceable experience here.
Cute place with delicious food. I can't wait to try it again.
ROUND 7....Food still lights out, Eric still amazing.  The Burrata was off the charts good.  I couldn't decide what to get so Eric had them prepare me both entrees for dinner.
I am waiting for one of the underage children to get in a horrendous accident and this place get shut down. The \"promoter\" for this club gets girls who he KNOWS are underage.  I personally am disgusted with their practices and if it continues will most definitely report them to the authorities.
Wondering where the Pittsburgh hipster crowd hangs out? Look no further than the fixie parked outside the Quiet Storm. \n\nAnd then go inside and have some delicious food and drink.
Sushi was pretty terrible. Service was fine but way too slow... Not a place I would recommend or go back too.
0 stars! rude customer service! He insisted deliver was too far, cursed then hanged up! such a barbarian
Not impressed, over $200 for a RENTAL? And it has to be back the day after the event no matter what or it's an additional $20 per day.  It would have been cheaper to buy the dumb things. Never again
The monorail is a ripoff for tourist. A single ride is five bucks for tourists but if you can prove that you live in Nevada you ride for a measly one dollar. A 500% premium for being an out of town sucker.
When this first opened the food was good. Now it tastes like everything came from the freezer. The food is just okay now but not for the price.
If you haven't ever tried Nepali, this can be the place to start. You can never come across Nepali cuisines often around. \n\nNot much different from Indian, but the spices used are variant and unique.\n\nThe service is good but the place is small. Accepts only cash
Breakfast was yummy! The service was slow! \n\nI did like the corn beef and hash and huevos rancheros were good too! I dug the nice clean restaurant. Not just your standard coffee shop in a casino. Clean, open feeling and nice.
They are amazing here! Such great massages for a great price!! I would highly recommend them they are great!!!
To \"vacuum\" means they will blow air on the seats and scatter the pet hair, despite them verbally confirming they vacuum the seats. They were quick and paid no attention to detail. Work appeared sloppy, I will not be returning.
Kougn Amann has to be one of the best things you can put in your mouth! Run there, don't walk! The croissants and the quiche were pretty good too!
I wasn't offered the extra smoothie at the bottom of the blender.  I would have given this place 5 stars if they did.  I don't like seeing food go to waste, especially something as delicious as their smoothies!
staff was very enthusiastic, but the food was highly overrated. nachos with pulled pork had no taste, pasta dish was mediocre, eggs was good. i would not go back even for happy hour deals.
Fantastic! Dinner and drinks for 2 were a bit pricy, but the service and food was phenominal.
A lot of hype, but once you're in it's pretty cool. Didn't blow my mind like I thought it would. \n\nThe half naked girls in the bathtubs were an interesting touch but exactly what I expect from Vegas.
Terrible pizza.  Wings are ok.  Asked for artichoke with chicken and mushroom. Got anchovies with chicken and mushroom.   Customer service had trouble speaking English, which explains the problems.   Crust was tough and pizza was cold when we picked up within timeframe.  Wings were ok.  I will not eat here again.
A chill crowd and good happy hour prices.  Food was good but not great.  The cheap draft beer tasted a little off but the premium brands were okay.
James was fantastic, he was easy to work with as far as scheduling. He was on time & got the job done quickly. The quoted price was right on and the quality of work was outstanding. I was so pleased with the way the floors looked after he finished. I highly recommend, you won't be disappointed!
Burger was a little dry, maybe over cooked but cannot say for sure.   They are supposed to be freshly :smashed\" balls of angus meat, never frozen.  The fries were great with the olive oil and seasonings, think \"giant string potatoes\".  Maybe I was expecting too much but it wasn't as good as anticipated.
This is a super classy Fry's! They have a Starbucks, nice floors and lighting, and a natural foods sections, which I love! Healthy and organic shopping is becoming a lot easier to do at Fry's. Great deals and savings on milk!
This is a quality spot!\n\nFood is fresh, people are friendly, prices are pretty fair.\n\nPitas are delicious and fries are above average, I will be back!\n\nHave not tried the hummus, but its hard to beat Pita Jungle!
Amore is now closed and the store is cleared out.
Good service and well-prepared food. We enjoyed their bacon waffle and omelet. Located inside The Quad Resort & Casino, which is undergoing major renovations now. Recommend valet parking. Large portions, so go there hungry!
For sitting outside enjoying brunch on a perfect Phoenix Fall Sunday morning there is no better place. Excellent food, service and ambience.
Way too expensive compared to the food quality at other Strip buffets.  The fish was nothing to write home about, the crab legs so-so, and the lobster was tiny and overcooked.  The sushi was actually sashimi.  All in all, disappointing.
Not a good taco place at all. Just too leaky. Chips and salsa are not free. Limited selection of beer. I'd rather go to Cien Agaves in Scottsdale - free chips and salsa, plus the most amazing tacos!!!
A+++++ awesome
Very friendly and food was delicious.  I did think they were a bit over priced, but food was good.
This place has become my favorite place to go for sushi. $25 all you can eat sushi. You can sit at the bar and have all kinds of delicious rolls made. I like that you can get half rolls so you have room to try more of a variety.
Food is OK. Environment is awesome. Service is off. As previous review mentioned, chashu bun is a must try. Fried apply pie is special. However, the waitress is not prompt, who won't come to check if water is needed for the entire dinner.
I don't enjoy regular movie theaters after reclining in their awesome seats! I love that they brought this movie theater to that shopping center. Hopefully it will attract other new businesses. I love their no cell phone policy and how everyone working there is dressed up/acts more professionally than most movie theaters. Check it out when you get a chance!
Our sales guy Kurt was very helpful. He showed us all the options and styles and then custom designed an entry gate that fit out taste and budget.  Matt the installer showed up right on time and was very professional and courteous.  We're very happy with the result which should add to the curb appeal and value of our home.
Same Oregano's food that you know and love - but finally a location with ample parking.  My last visit was also the first time my group didn't have to wait for a table.
I have tried a few times and I'm honestly not that impressed. I feel it's overpriced and the sushi isn't that great. #stepupyourgame
Really like the concept and menu. But execution is just not quite there. Teenage girls playing chef with overflowing salty sauce on the sandwiches. Not a healthy combination.
I go there often.  I love this place.  The best Szechuan in Montreal.  No doubt.  If you like it spicy, that is the place to go.\n\nThe Spicy Boil Fish is really really good.  I also enjoy the Spicy Cucumber Salad.
Worst airline ever. Never on time and will drop you on the far end of airports completely opposite your connecting flight with barely anytime to spare. You get what you pay for I guess (it was the lowest cost flight for us).
The burritos is a bit over priced, but the quality is pretty good. Big tortas that are really tasty and affordable. The service is really good, and they seem to have a steady stream of customers. I will definitively return to this place in the future.
Horrible. Luke warm beer and horrible service. We are here on a Friday at 4pm and the staff see unhappy and management is no where to be found. Never making the mistake by stopping here again.
Have everything you'd want for your golf game.  4 stars because they don't have a great selection of used clubs
The food is Amazing!!!! Eat something. Just do it. ...AND they serve excellent coffee. :)
My least fav. Cirque show. I just didn't find it as exciting as the others. A little too much performance art vs. acrobatic entertainment. Ive seen almost all the cirque shows and  this is my least favorite. To be honest, I thought it was boring.
I have had a couple of bad haircuts at this place, but for the most part I have been pleased with the results. The people are very friendly and always have a good story to tell. The location on Melrose is great. I recommend this place for a nice, affordable haircut. Pros: People Watching, good value.
Amazing food, great service! This place is a great find in west Mesa. Everything is made fresh and the thousand island dressing is amazing!
Best service in phoenix on top of a awesome cut with old school quality! Thank you Frank\nCash only
The service is always great not to mention the quality of food never changes ... Totally worth every penny
I love this buffet, especially the champagne brunch, the price is great, and the prime rib is excellent. I have eaten everywhere in vegas, but keep coming back here.
Pretty cool little candy shop in the strip district section of Pittsburgh. Grandpa Joes sells a lot of throw back candy's as well as some interesting glass bottle beverages. They also have an upstairs selling bulk candy for anyone who really wants to get as much sugar as humanly possible. Overall a cool blast to the past in a cool section of the city.
Service was bad, we could tell that the food was not fresh and when we asked for fresh they acted as if it was a chore. Not happy with the service, but it was clean.
your driver Jonathan is a creep! that little freak decided to text our friend (who was visiting us and made the order) to complain about the tip he received. that's really rude and weird that he's using our order information in such a negative way. especially when this person knows where I live.
Yuck! When your main business is pizza and the chicken is better than the pizza...you have issues.
We got food poisoning here! Big disappointment because our food and experience was so wonderful. We both had the tasting menu which had two fish dishes on it. My suggestion would be to stay away from seafood when you are not by the ocean!
First time here and I must say they know their stuff! The lady working with our baby shower invites is really knowledgeable about her station!
Hours are changed - open on Sunday from noon to 6pm, closed Monday.  They've added more tables and chairs.  And it's still the same great place!
I dropped off a script and was told they would send a text when it was ready. 4 hrs later I go pick it up just to find out they never processed it. So while they fill it last minute, I go to purchase soup and get told they are closed! Sick and pissed!
This is one of our favorite resturants to visit, we go about 1-2 times a month. Food is great and the prices are good as well. Service is awesome too.
Really strange parking situation and super inappropriate conversations among the waiters.
I'm all about dive bars, but this one just kind of sucked.  The bartender wasn't at all friendly or interested in helping us.  The decorations were weird, even for Christmas.  The place had no special feeling whatsoever, so I won't go back.  Oh, and cash only.
Amazing food, great service. Solo trattoria uses locally grown produce when possible. The chef is brilliant! Amazing traditionally inspired Italian dishes that fits the local Phoenix culture. The best pizza crust I have ever tasted! Try the Panna Cotta dessert... Absolutely to die for! Also the house made pasta really can't be any better.
The music from outside is so loud you think you are in the middle of live concert. The worse experience.
Been here twice.  Both times loved the cupcakes.  It's now my go-to treat for my daughter. Yummy!!
I've been here twice and had a brilliant time on both occasions! I would recommend a day bed! Great venue, great music, great weather, great staff! The best day party in Vegas!
came here on 8/7/2011 and had a wonderful crepe with avocado and chicken. The staff was friendly and helpful with my order. we would return the next time we visit Montreal. My husband ordered a crepe with asparagus and ham, he loved it.
For is good very hit and miss on certain items. Service has really gotten bad. Gone here for years but I think servers have gotten too relaxed in their jobs
Just like any other best buy these days. Absolutely no help at all. Everyone is hiding in the back.
Randy is simply the best.  Fast, brilliant, and truly professional.  He has helped with taxes and financial advice for more than 20 years.  In recent years my taxes and have become more complicated and Randy understands every nuance and outcome.  I could not recommend anyone more highly.  mark hug
Both nights in Vegas, we ordered food to go from here and took it to the room, so I didn't get to experience the dining here. But the food was great, reasonably priced, and fast. Not a bad idea if you're staying at the Hard Rock.
Customer Service over the phone was very excellent. BUUUUTTTTTTTTT i waited an hour and still didnt get my food I ordered at 7:15 and they didnt arrive till 9:02 I was very upset i turned them away I wasn't hungry anymore...
The beef ramen was so good... and quite the value! Definitey will go back to try the rest of the menu.
This is a great option to Border Grill at Mandalay Bay. The food was decent and the prices were a bit lower than other places. It's a casual atmosphere with friendly service. I would surely go again for quick and cheap eats.
Food was great! We ordered Duck confit, Beef tartar and Creme Brulee - was amazing and cooked to perfection!\nBe very careful with the parking around this area.
went here on a groupon and lemme tell ya, not worth it. Skip this place and go to Fab Freddy or Terribles. It consisted of two mexican guys who took 5 whole mins to clean the car after the automatic car wash.
The food was delicious and the service was fast and courteous! The icing on the cake was the ice cream and baklava at the end of our meal! Definitely will return.
A-mazing. The restaurant is small and cramped, but the food is spectacular, service is extremely friendly and efficient. My husband had  Chicken & waffles, and I had Bre Bre's chicken salad, both were phenomenal. We also took red velvet cake to go, so so so so good.
Good for lunch when there is no mix ups with the lunch orders. Half our lunch group got there food first while the rest of had wait at least 15-20 minutes.
Phenomenally clean and the staff is beyond helpful.  They pierced my tongue a few months ago, it wasn't cheap but I really would not go elsewhere to have big needles driven through my tongue!
Came back to scramble today, was greeted with a friendly hello and a warm cup of coffee to start off.i ordered the Santa fe poached perfectly with some good cornbread style stuff instead of a English muffin.great locally owned place that offers local produce, I will be back very soon
If I could give this place 10 stars I would!! This is me and my husbands very favorite place to go.  We LOVE the salsas.  We LOVE the fajitas. Also the chimichangas are good.  Love love love this place!
I dropped in to have a brake controller installed. They were more then happy to get it done asap. They also were able to re-position the hitch for a better/safer ride. \n\nI will be back for any other hitch issues.
Beautiful atmosphere, high-class presentation, fantastic service, generous portions, great food.  Came here with some work colleagues for dinner and had a very lovely time - I would absolutely come back!
some of the best cocktails in phoenix. food is delicious but not intimidating.
An overpriced quote and a horrible customer service from the geek squad. I will never come here again.
My family and I love Amazing Wok. It is fast, taste great, and reasonably priced.
We have ended up at this buffet a couple of times because it was in the area.  However, the customer service is terrible everytime.  It is way over priced for the quality of their food.  We are never satisfied when we leave this place.
Great breakfast, good price. You might have to stand outside in line though, so I don't really recommend winter time to go. lol. Very friendly service, interesting coffee mugs. They have great deserts and such also. Bring your cash though as they dont' take cards.
As usual, the hummus was tasty.  Tried the artichoke pasta salad which was decent and perfect for a hot day in PHX.
Okay.  Not so great as everyone states.   I though the Huevos rancheros were so so.  The chicken was cubed and took away.   The tortillas were not fried before hand.   I think egg and I is better.   HOWEVER, if you like Hawaiian breakfast, then I would recommend you go.
Ok.  They gave declined.  Lines 7 and 8 deep. Workers not moving and blocking aisles.  When I used self check and an error came up it took 5 minutes to get help.  Not good.
Ok didn't check with Yelp! Big mistake. Pass on this buffet. Everything was overlooked. Only nice thing I can say is our server was a sweetheart.
So i get the whole Street Taco concept and I am a fan but this is not the place to experience it . The food was just okay but I ordered The Southern Peach and let's just say Great... however the service was not so great so that might hinder me returning.
: (
All I can say is YUM!!!! Service was great also.
Except for the awkward and somewhat confusing \"Order upon entry\" setup they have, very impressed with the food quality / taste and beverage selection... A tad noisy due to the open layout, but nothing to prevent me from returning for another round of Asian deliciousness!
Love love love this place. I have been thinking about going back for chili relleno's since Tuesday. It's a hole in the wall, but those usually are the best. it's far from fancy and it's 100 times better than Serrano's and Abuelo's and a heck of a lot cheaper.
Food was good, cocktails were yummy but the service was horrible and we went at 1pm so no excuse that it was busy. I believe it's over priced but for a one time gotta try kind of place it's worth the extra for the cocktails.
I love that the atmosphere here is low key and there is a great selection of draft beer. Next time I will be trying the food as well!!
The beef tibs were a little dry but overall it hits the spot if you're craving Ethiopian food. The man who runs the place is very friendly.
Unique food, great atmosphere, pricey but worth a trip for special occasions.
Best coffee I have ever had, and that's the truth.
The service sucked. Waited for a half an hour before we walled out. The one glass of tea I recieved was good though.
Decent menu, but food wasn't that great. Pears in the pear salad were from a can and the mahi tacos were no good. Monday fries were ok, not fantastic.
Teeny tiny portions.  You need to fill up on the bread because there's no fish on the plate they bring you.  Too pricey for what you get.
A 2 hour 40 minute wait with over 1 hour between seeing the waitress.   Food reasonable but EXTREMELY LONG WAIT WITH NO EXPLANATION!!!!!! Service and food not worth the wait. Won't be returning.
Prices are not really any better than Wal- Mart. Clean & good selection.
The bar and venue are cool but the manager was completely unfair in paying the bands playing the venue. When we played there the he pocketed something like 80% of the door money and when we tried to discuss this with him he was extremely rude. Strongly advise bands to avoid this place.
Homemade fresh Pasta!!!! Great... outstanding food from the beginnings to the grand finale!!!!!!!!! One of our favorite Italian Restaurants in the valley
Who doesn't loveeeeeee Eat'n Park? My bf and I do! We stopped at this location for a New Years Day brunch. The service was a little slow, but the food is always good and no one was in a hurry. It was a great spot to ease into the new year!
Incredibly rude hostess, she gave our table away to another group as we were about to be seated because she said they were regulars!  Are you kidding me?  After waiting an hour.\n\nThe pizza is over rated to say the least.  It was like melted cheese on a burnt cracker.
Never come here, the service is terrible and they don't care about you. I will never come back and I will tell my friends
Not for me.  I like really thin crust and this is soggy in the middle.  Toppings are dull and the place is deafeningly loud.
All bad...bad service...bad Sushi...never again...tell your servers to serve and stop watching the tvs ... :(
I went in today for a pedicure and when I walked in, it was clean and not overwhelming with chemical smells. I liked that!!! I could breathe and relax. My experience was very pleasant :) Thanks Lee
Vodka flights.  Caviar flights.  Both awesome.  Try the German caviar!  If you want to go extra fancy, they have an ice room!  Did I mention the Vodka from all over?
Horrible!! $8.00 for cold old cinnamon rolls then tried to see if they would give new ones and the employee was rude and said they are all that way and they can microwave them after microwave even worse now chewy like eating rubber this place sucks and customer service even worse !
Worst ribs I've ever paid money for. All caked up with god knows what and half fat.  They were all you can eat, so I should have been wary I suppose. \n\nNice view, but nothing spectacular.\n\nFree cotton candy dessert, which was fun.
YES PLEASE. I always see Hannah here. She is the best. \nI recommend making an appointment cuz they are ALWAYS busy up in HURR!! \nIf you nail chips at all, just go back in and she will fix it. No worries!
What a relaxing treat my facial was with Elizabeth! She knows her business well...very professional and caring....overextends herself to care for my specific skincare needs. New location is gorgeous!
Hotel restaurant serves Perfect apple tart. The menu does not have large selection of entrees, but all seem to be done well. I ordered the same dish twice.
So excited to have clean carpets, tile & grout! My house smells and looks great! I am thrilled to have had Mauricio come to my home after utilizing his services consistently for client homes! I am pleased to work with someone who is honest and thorough, while offering more than reasonable pricing with excellent results!
Jerk chicken was good and the hot sauce was really good. I had a jerk or hot shrimp app and it was also good. Make sure your up for an extra long dinner. Nice people and service it's just on island time, madd slow.
There isn't a restaurant I'd be happier to see go out of business. The staff is terrible, they add gratuity, so there's nothing to work for for them. Food is ok, but the staff is the reason I would never.come.back.
Very friendly great customer service and fresh produce. Very convenient and affordable.
Had a Pre Dry Wall Inpection completed.  Rich did a thorough job and report was informative and helpful.  AccuPro was also flexible in scheduling, understanding that delays do occur (I had to reschedule a few times due to builder).  Great experience.
A must have is the lobster and shrimp mac & cheese!!\nIt is amazingly delicious. Warm and perfectly mouth watery
Good shows, but don't give them your email or phone number! I repeat DON'T give them your phone number. I was dumb enough to make that mistake and now I am constantly being spammed by texts. :-(
Just another dark, smoky local place.  Went there for a friend's 90th birthday.
Can't beat those prices! With some of the power tools, you get what you pay for, but you can buy a crazy cheap warranty, and take it back if it breaks.
Love this place! Selection of stores is great and if you go early morning, early in the week there are no crowds.
Yeah its a window. Hardly any parking to speak of. Would give it a higher review if it was a an actual sit down resteraunt. My pizza wings and bread sticks were fine. But have to say I get better quality from domino's pizza.
I was surprised at how good the massage was, especially the head/scalp massage. I would go back here next time we are in town.
Awesome produce Awesome Meats horrible horrible horrible lines. If they got their register situation figures out I'd give it 5 stars.
Over rated. Better food else where. Waitress did not bother to refill my iced tea when she brought over refills for my husband and son. My turkey club sandwich - dry. Although I did enjoy the small side of Cesar salad, hence the 2 stars.
This is nothing like the LGO in Phoenix.  The food is typical food service airport faire.  Awful.  It is a shame they use the LGO name.  You would be better of eating at McDonalds.
I signed up for the club the sandwich club and they email me coupons well on my birthday I had a free sandwich while staying at the Palms Place I had the best ham and Swiss on a lightly toasted
Do not use any of the services the are scam the have connection to the organize crime \nThe tow away cars Illegally and no one can stop them doing that
The food was nice, no more than nice, quite pricy and a bit over the top. The atmosphere was a bit too loud for a fancy restaurant.
I love little spots like this! They have delicious authentic Mediterranean food. The staff is very attentive and friendly. They also have a little market inside where you can do some shopping. I've been here before and will continue to come when I'm in the area.
Tried a Chicago style Pan Pizza. I had sausage,Green  Pepper, Onion and Fresh Tomato. It was Fantastic. By far the best Pizza I've had had in Phoenix. I'm from Chicago so I know good Pizza, this place is right up there. Thanks, we'll be back !!
Cheesy Tourist Trap\n\nCashier shortchanged us $5 but we caught it in time to get our money back.  Good but overpriced candies.  Typical tourist cheese: maple syrup candy in shape of leaf etc. Employee dressed in period costume hawking tourists on the street.
Delicious pizza! Grinders dough is the best, you can taste the love that goes into making their pies. Hand-tossed yumminess.
Great atmosphere that's the first thing you notice when you walk in. Very inviting and friendly staff with a casual and energetic crowd. Most importantly the food is very flavorful and a very filling, with generous portions!
Worst Apple Store in the nation! Always chaos, horrible customer service. Just order online.
I just love going to the airport and sitting at the bar to people watch. It is a great place to meet new people. although I got bumped off of my flight it was a good time.
They do carry some really cool stuff. A little plan toy was around $40. I think I can find things on amazon cheaper but it was really good to actually find new things that I had never seen before. Whoever does the purchasing for this place does a good job.
We were in Vegas during the christmas weekend. The fountain shows were awesome! They had two different type of music for which the fountain dance was done. One was classical and the other was hip hop. It was nice to watch the show for  even 2 or 3 times. Its just magnificent!
First visit here. The staff was really nice. The food was ok. I ordered luau pork n grilled chicken bowl. First thing I noticed was the huge portion of rice. The pork was really soft and the chicken was very tender. Ill most likely return.
Went back again for dinner.  The Gigli Pasta was the bomb!  Pasta with pesto, pine nuts and capers!  A hint of lime.  SUPER!  Had to fend off my tablemates sneaky forks.\nService fantastic as always.
One word: PISTACHIO...\nin all its glory...\nno need to say more.
Overpriced, mediocre food.
Tried it for the first time tonight. I guess my expectations were set too high by all the reviews I read. I order cheese enchiladas and the cheese was NOT melted inside. I also ordered a bean burrito and the beans were very good. The guy taking orders was not very friendly at all.
Excellent oyster selection and great bread.  Had the scallops, done just right, and a glass of wine.  Then I went down and won a few hundred on the tables!  What a great night ;)
About as average as you can get. It's probably the closest Chinese place you can get to CMU or even Pitt otherwise. Good for takeout or even for groups. The food is okay ... not particularly mind-blowing but also not bad either. Standard Chinese fare ... the Meal Specials are soft on most wallets.
By far the best lunch in Vegas.  Fantastic atmosphere and food that matches. Outside tables (on the 10th floor) are the perfect setting for a relaxing meal.  I'll plan on coming here every time I come back to Vegas from now on.  Prices are super reasonable for Vegas also.
$2.63 for a small cup of coffee? With a side of attitude? I don't think so - too many other options in town. I think my love affair is over...
Grade: D\n\nYeah, I order my martinis served on the rocks and in goblets... Duh.
No need for a long review ...a must stop for any beer lover that has not previously been here...nuff said.
One of the finest dining experiences
Gross.\n\nBut thats what you do when nothing else is open at 2 am...\n\nI am happy I didn't get sick the next day
Went right at 3:00 pm. Walked in and was told they were closed. Yelp shows green \"open\" as I write this from Proper Brick Oven Pizza at 3:15 pm. Couldn't believe they didn't offer  to seat seat us. Will never go back.
Some of the absolute WORST SERVICE I have ever ever experienced in my life. Sure, the pizza's delicious and if you're in the mood for it, its the place to go, but you can literally wait an hour before your food arrives. This isn't fast food, if you ask me.
Bad Bad Bad lady, read her reviews in L.A.\n\nClearly any of the good ones are from her friends and family..\n\nShe ripped us off..\n\nF-U Renee...Karma is a Bitch just like U
Just like the last time I used this service, I am very satisfied. They were on time, did the requested work and were very professional. I'll use this service again for certain.
Loved every minute. They were able to accommodate my special requests unlike all the other businesses. Had the time of my life. Thank you turnt up tours
I have no idea how things are on the Departure side of Security.   But, for anyone picking up a passenger here, this is one of the worst airports I can imagine.  Other than a Starbucks (w/o seating) and a magazine shop, and a \"Cafe\", there is nothing.
Easily the best cup of coffee downtown. Is there better coffee in the US? Yea, definitely. Is there better coffee in downtown Pittsburgh? Not a chance. The coffee is strong and delicious. The espresso drinks are made right by people who know how to make espresso drinks. The cost is comparable to the corporate coffee next door.
Since they changed the menu awhile back I don't go as much. When I do go I'll get the honey seared chicken and some lettuce wraps. Staff has always been friendly.
Best Chinese in Phoenix hands down. The hot and spicy prawns are a must and so are the house chow fun noodles.
Great place to go before Diamondbacks games, not a lot going on afterwards. Drinks are about the same price as the Diamondbacks game.\n\nBartenders were very friendly and served everyone quickly.
This place gets busy and no taro :( But received great help from an employee named Raquel.
Great selection, they have all the good stuff - even all natural brands.  It's difficult to resist the smell walking by.  Sometimes I've gotten free samples of their soap bars tucked inside my shopping bag.
Love this place!! I love that the pizza design your own at the same price. No up charging. S'mores pizza for dessert is a must!!! Fast, hot, and fresh!!
The food was good.  I had the salad with chicken; black beans and salsa.  Good service. I arrived before the the long line.   I would go back.
Too sad, they closed! \nToday I went there to arrange for a group sitting and saw that there is no sign of business anymore.  A letter on the door was saying that only the uptown branch is open from now on.
Sushi rice here is always dry. It might not be their fault. It might just be the air in Vegas. I wouldn't go here for the sushi, but the A5 grade steak cooked at the table on the stone was delicious. Other stuff ... well, I've had better.
Sandwiches are delicious and bread is always fresh and free of preservatives.  Great customer service, too!
P-Bread as it's called in my inner circle is a nice little Panini/Sandwich restaurant/bakery around the Las Vegas are.\n\nMost locations offer fresh bread and pastries daily that tend to be excellent.  They usually offer WIFI and make a great place to grab a casual/business lunch.
One of my favorite places to visit. I love the beer selection and all of the local AZ beers on tap. Also the farm salad is my 'go to' meal.
Lady that waited on us was super nice. The Pad Thai was not prepared well. I think they put ketchup on the noodles. The Ginger Shrimp, #39, was good though. \n\nI was hoping to leave a better review. Maybe next time...
Love the blue cheese burger
Have yet to get my order right. \nToday we got burgers with no meat? \nYeah. What a joke.
This place is actually pretty good. Pretty much your run of the mill Chinese food. The staff is nice and the service is quick!
My server is professional the atmosphere isn't bad (a little smokey) but if you are in a hurry this is not the place for you. I've been waiting on my breakfast burrito for approximately 15 minutes. The good news is when the food came it was hot and it was good.
Overall I just wasn't impressed. Our waitress didn't seem to know the menu and it took her forever to get anything done. My main dish was decent but I have no plans to return.
This place has the best, tackiest, party clothes. I bought a tattoo shirt to wear for Halloween and it was only $40. Other places on the  Strip were charging $200+ The staff is helpful and friendly. The managers are willing to deal and will mix and match sales, anything to make a buck!
This place is well worth a look...I have a pic with the Coca Cola Bear from several years ago..I have several magnets on my freezer door as well that were purchased here..lots of neat Coca Cola stuff...very inexpensive Vegas stuff if you're looking for that sort of thing...
Absolute, hands down best fast food trip ever!
The food was old and had been sitting out for far too long! Our party of 5 all spent the night with sore stomachs and in the bathroom. This is not sushi of good quality, even for the price. Please skip this buffet, trust me! I would hate for anyone to suffer the way we all are...
Alright!!  About to try some BBQ!!\n\nThe baby-back ribs, collared greens, green beans and Mac & cheese was awesome.... They give a lot of food...
We ordered Hot and Sour Soup, Salt and Pepper Prawns and Honey Walnut Shrimp.  It was very good and quite inexpensive. Their dinner selection is more extensive and more authentic than their lunch choices.
Chicken done right...the panko breading is really good and the baked Mac & Cheese?!!?!! And did I say \"the price is right?!?  Definitely a good alternative to fast food!
Always a great meal.  Probably the best Thai in Las Vegas. It's off the beaten path but worth the cab ride to get there if you are staying on the strip.
Its 2:30 am and I'm stuck in  my hotel room yellping from the iPhone  because the Bellagio buffet tore my insides out. Oh look, I get to watch jurrasic park rather than drunkenly roaming the strip. Thanks Bellagio buffet.
Great buffet for a great price \nA lot of good food for you $$\nI recommend This
Okay steak. Fabulous lobster bisque. Awful air freshener. Luxor masks smokers by pumping tank full's of air freshener. (The other guests at my table deleted the rest of my review as it became too intense).
Way to over priced. Went for happy hour, and left not so happy with how much the drinks are. The whole place was also empty....I think I know why.
Very good pizza although pricier than most.
very disappointed, food are not fresh at all. Really should leave at the time when we arrived there and found no one else in there. The taste was bad.
Yogurt land on Rural is better, but this location is great and the yogurt is totally acceptable when you have a sweet tooth. Plus if you sit out front you can share your yogurt with the friendly mill ave hobos.
I come here for concerts and for the ambiance.
The chicken was very dry. The potatoes with gravy were warm not hot and the biscuit was hard. Horrible customer service from the lady behind the counter. She is the boss and is very rude. Watched her yell at an employer and a guest in front of me. Very unprofessional.
Had a frustrating problem with my billing.  Spoke w/ a very NOT nice person from Atlanta I think... Was called by a local Tempe manager and it was resolved.  Thank you.
Definitely lived up to all the great reviews...a-mazing!  I had the pulled pork platter w/mac-n-cheese and coleslaw...finished with peanut butter pie - oink, oink...fat & happy indeed!
Angela got me set up and was very helpful, the shop was actually out of cars to rent out so Dante drove me to the rental lot in his own car!!! Great customer service!\n\nGavin checked me back in and was really nice and helpful. Great service here.
Waited for the time told and the two people I was told were in front of me.  After the woman started taking care of the FOURTH person and 15 min later than I was told, I got up and left!
Saw the Tiesto concert there sound was great. Nice clean place no line to get in friendly staff and bartenders.
I've expected more from this burger joint. I always have to compare it with in-n-out. IN-N-OUT hands down. For the price and taste in-n-out all day long
Check in foursquare at luxor to get a 2-for-1 drink special.
Nice..casual..great service (vegas great)..\nEast access..sweet setting..cool people. .rocking music..and off course..great looking service
This is certainly my favorite place in the valley to get good Thai food!  The flavors are fantastic!  I never leave still hungry!
Large portions and delicious food! \n\nWe got three dishes and split it amongst seven people. \n\nI'm not usually a big fan of chicken and waffles but this one was a hit. They also had really good corned beef hash with potatoes and a biscuit.
the food was mediocre at best.
I absolutely love this dish but decided to step outside the box and try something different I ordered the southwest veggie burger without cheese with a side if black beans! The veggie burger was delish and had good spicy taste to it the black beans were cooked to perfection! As always the service is always friendly!!!
Awesome coffee shop. The staff is friendly, the coffee is amazing and the atmosphere is unique. I love stopping here when I visit Pittsburgh.
I just love the Sunday brunch at Wrights! The $8 bottomless sparkling wine/mimosa keeps me coming back. The entree's prepared in the kitchen offer freshly prepared dishes to go with the buffet selections. Try it, you will like it too!
The city needs more of these treasures that one might find in LA, SF, or NYC. Limited menu, but great food and lots of personality. Service is ok, but it is only the first week.
I think Hootie B. nails it on this one. In my experience, the service is \"hit or miss\" but for the price and quality, it's a nice find. I wouldn't go out of my way for it, but I would stop by if in the area and jonesing for sushi.
So much better than the last place that was here. Incredible, cheap lunch specials, crisp fresh food, and great service! Chao Thai just became my go-to lunch spot off campus. Great Panang curry!
It's a rip off. Save your money and wait in line yourself. It'll save you $200 bucks.\n\nThey also like to register your car under other peoples names.\n\nSTAY AWAY!!!'
Would be a better if the new servers would pay more attention to their tables. I sat at my table for 15 before we were offered to order drinks. The food was served fast and was good as always but was not impressed with the service. Had to ask twice for silverware and the sides we had ordered.
This is the best Italian food I've had to date in Scottsdale. Six of us went for dinner and everyone loved their meal. The service was great, as well. We loved it so much that we had dinner delivered the next evening.  Highly recommended
This place was delicious! My daughter got the kids pancakes which I tasted and they were delicious. They were lemony tasting. The jelly for the toast was delicious as well. I'm so glad I didn't go to ihop like my daughter wanted to. This place is well priced and the service is both friendly and prompt.
Slow service!! Food's not great. dance scene warms up after 10.
Great atmosphere and food. Pretty terrible service.
A hidden gem.  Service is awesome.  Prices are reasonable.  Food is very good.  We came in with a large group of motorcycles. They greeted us and made room for us right away.  I felt like they were sincerely glad to have our business and I will be back, for sure.
Floating Orchid - Good\n\nPeach Sangria - Great\n\nFood - Small portions but ithey tasted excellent\n\nWe were seated in the curtain, dining area...not much going on and felt quite boring. While I somewhat enjoyed this visit, I won't be returning.
One of the best places in Vegas I ate at . The drinks were great. the service was awesome!! and my food was amazing! The pizza my husband got was really good and the Organic Chicken was to die for! \n\nany place that serves Maytag blue cheese sauce is going to be a winner far as im concerned! :)
The food was delicious, everything tasted very fresh. The service was a bit choppy at times, but I think that's because they were very busy indoors and we were the only table that opted to eat outdoors. Would definitely go back.
The food is delicious but my only concern would be the customer service. I've been there a few times.Twice, I've been ignored waiting to make an order while waiting in the front. All I see is the employees having a nice chat with another table.
they've got food to satisfy every palette ... go hungry...leave happy\n\nmy fav part is the cheese and charcuterie \n\nmake sure to leave room for the dessert
Its a nice gym and I love the Zumba classes. Wish they had more classes and better teachers (my fav left!). Definitely a place to join if you are more of a weight/treadmill person.
The coffee is over rated.
Really awesome mexican food! I got the super burrito for my first time here and it was excellent! I will return! :D
I have gone back a few times, and received much better service each time! Food and drinks are still a bit pricey for what you get, but I would recommend going.
The draft beer selection makes this place far above what the food does. The food is good, but normal. Nothing bad, but nothing amazing, besides the beer. Loved it, and I'm not even a beer fanatic!\nDave
A pretty decent airport.  It gets you going to where you need to be.  They have phone charging stations.  The food was pretty good.\n\nThis place got me to where I needed to be; it did its job and Yay! I'm a fan.
The chilaquiles might be the greatest breakfast I've ever had. I can't remember if it was just a special or if it was on the menu, but holy moly. There was a lot of food and I generally don't clear my plate at a breakfast place, but this was amazing. A must try!
I learned that you NEVER want to order steak at Mimi's! The worst Top Sirloin I have ever had, and the waiter did no care!? I ordered it medium rare, and it came well done, and the thinnest top sirloin I have ever seen. I am not looking forward to going back there.
Hostess was awful, but the waitress was nice! It's dead here and the food was awful. Will not be back. Such a shame because the location is great!
Hands down the best sushi in Madison. Go in on Monday or Tuesday nights for AYCE sushi for $25, but make sure to have a reservation.
I came here with my Book Club and we sat on the patio. Our service was great and the drinks were delicious! I had the veggie enchiladas and loved them so much that I have been back twice to try them again! Next on the menu to try is the 5 degree tequila!
Great food and generous portions. This place is a must if you have guest visiting from out of town and you want to get some great breakfast food.  My old boss recommended this place and we are glad he did. It gets busy on Sundays. Way better than any IHOP or Waffle House. We left happy and full;)
Awesome gym. Great trainers and facilities. Would definitely recommend this place. More expensive than most gyms but you get what you pay for. If you can get past the lady at the front desk being rude, you're golden!!
This is a great place I can get a quick sit down bite at when heading back from Heard Museum North Scottsdale, with locations just north and south of \"HMNS.\"  I'm a fan of the salad and the UL pizza. Its not bianco but its good midwest italian.
These guys are as good as it gets.  Custom fab work is no problem.
After a poor experience at the verizon store on maryland parkway, i went to this store. They fixed me up, got me into a better plan, and were clearly on the ball.  Nice people too.
Seth is a vape genius! New, stronger battery & better flow has made all the difference in the world! I can see myself totally dropping tobacco now. I love the rewards system & how close the store is to home. I will most definitely be back! Thanks a bunch to Seth & Mesa Big Daddy Vape!
Great dessert option to keep things light. Flavors are special and unique. Tried the arroz con leche and it is delicious tasting like horchata or rice pudding with cinnamon.
The food was ok .nothing to complain about but nothing that stood out. I had the chicken fried steak and eggs with s ' mores pancakes.  I don't understand why breakfast places insist on using frozen pre breaded product.  The pancakes were good but not worth the hour wait.
Food was bland and cold. Coffee was decaf . Mest up the orders, staff wasn't attentive.
What an amazing blend of flavors! I love Roy's and will definitely make it a regular stop whenever I can find it. Definitely try the chocolate cake dessert, and the rockfish. AMAZING!
ok, so i just moved into this place and I LOVE IT!! its quiet and safe! After the dump i was in, SummerHIll Villas, this place is heaven! The staffs great too!!
Service is friendly...that being said. I have been sitting here 45 mins waiting on our order for 3 people and a child. Sad day.
Megan did a great job.  I was referred to her by a friend who has high standards and Megan came through.  Thanks!!!
Really disliked my meal.  Considering the bar was set pretty high by an amazing Mexican restaurant I went to in Chicago (who's name escapes me!!), I was really disappointed.  No need to visit again.
Absolutely baffled by the rude attitude and lack of product knowledge I experienced by a team member at this location. Won't see me back at this location, not worth the headache!
Service sucked! $13 for a margarita you serious... I would rather buy a bottle of Cabo wabo and chill at home. Service was horrible!
Ross the owner is amazing! Such a great guy and he has the best pasta in town. I ordered the Fettucine Alfredo with Chicken. Such huge portions and SO good! Hands down my favorite place in Gilbert.
This is a 0 star review. $10 for a beer and $4 for a Pepsi? Plus the servers assumed that we didn't speak French! ALLEZ VOUS FAIRE ENCULER.
I come here for the fruit tarts which are the best in my opinion. Cozy place to have tea and coffee with friends or after dinner date. Sometimes seating and parking can be hard to come by so be prepared to be patient during busy times. The soups and chicken salad is also delicious.
Love this place... If your looking for something new gotta try the bulgogi tacos, fusion lettuce wraps and all the burritos are killer good!! I definitely recommend this place highly!! You won't be disappointed!
Standard Mexican supermarket. (Very slight smell of rotting flesh throughout)
Oh boy! They could really use some good management. Great concept but the poor employees have NO clue what they are doing. Maybe they opened too soon!
Good for breakfast but a little pricey for what we ate.
Since they cleaned house and have a new manager (who is fantastic by the way) my family goes here often. The prices are decent and the servers are great. I gave five stars because the last two times my family has been there, it has been awesome!!
Great variety of choices.  Known for their wings. I think their wings are better then BWWs.  They are larger and have more sauce on them  They are sold by weight instead of quantity.
Le Triskell was a place for crepes,\nFor many ears it stood in this place,\nBut alas the store is no more,\nAnd now we may all say grace.\n\nDead. Finito. Gone. In the past. Future generations have been saved.
Awesome place ,just not in the summer ,when you have to wait outside due to no room in the waiting area ,not even mist system for out side or free water being offered when u have to wait ,but besides all that good food .
Super friendly and a great wash/vacuum for not a ton of money.
Fantastic!!  Went to Jersey Boys tonight and we loved it. It's a must see show. It was worth every penny, by the way we got a discount using smartervegas.com which was even better. I thought it was just signing but it's an entire production! Go see it!
The Summerlin post of seems to always be busy with a long line. It's probably one of the longest waits of all the post offices I have been to and feels very much like the DMV!
The worst restaurant in Scottsdale.  Terrible food, service and management . In this town of great places  to eat and drink this is one to avoid.  Empty and yet out of everything including pizza!! How is that possible?
Reserved a car, but when I got there, they had none available!!! Employees were rude and spoke poorly of customers in the open! Great way to do business!
I have went to Black Bear Cafe a few times and everytime I go the food is great and the sirvce is the sam. I love the place. I feel wanted and not treated rude. They even treat my 3 year old good.
We tried a half side of st. Louis style ribs with 3 generous sides for $11.95. The ribs were tasty but very fatty which is surprising since we were led to believe they were cooking all day. I think this is more of a burger and sandwich place then full meals. Excellent service and reasonable prices mean I will go back.
The buffet was really worth it.  Some of the dishes are wonderfully flavored.  Some are a little bland.  Their mango ice cream is very good, but the mango lassi could do without the whipped cream.  Very attentive staff.  Curry here is not very spicy but has a nice mixture of spices.
These guys are the best!  Always a friendly smile and greeting when you enter the shop, and the service they provide is unbeatable.  I'll always use and recommend them.
Not busy, and horrible service. Barely any TVs to watch football, unless you like 20\" screens. Went to the restroom and it was trashed with garbage everywhere. And very over priced, along with not a lot of food selection. Good luck
This place is so cool. They have a great selection of the hottest jeans and super cute clothes...I stumbled across this place while at Halloween Mart they are right next door and the customer service was outstanding Lets support new small businesses this place you have to check out!
Our salad had yellow/brown lettuce. Wasn't impressed with the service.
Moderately price buffet, good selection of food, and great service.
WoW...thought I was going to need to replace the carpet on my filthy stairs, but NOPE...no need after GAMA FLOOR CARE came to clean them. They were on time, fast, efficient, professional, and very reasonably priced. Thank you Gama Floor Care--you're awesome!
meatloaf was dry as hell, the kokomo was not worth getting. portions are huge! i ate half the kokomo as was full for the rest of the day. HH bloody mary are the SH*T!!!! lines were long, food came out fast, service was great.
Their Pud Thai is ridiculously good. Just went for the first time tonight, and we will definitely be back.
I'm a sucker for alcohol and the drinks here are great. Marrrrrrgaritas! Food was as expected from the most rated place I've been to. Expect to be elbow to elbow on a packed night. No complaints here but if that's not your thing.
Stay far far away from this place. Lackluster food and staff moves so slowly and are all quite rude. Likely will be out of business when their lease is up.
Dear families, \nStop bringing your children here to play in the aisles, run into me, and throw things. If you can't afford daycare - don't come here. I'm here to shop, not navigate around your nitwit children, Then again apples don't fall far from trees.
Brutal waitress, overlooked ribs, the pulled pork was not savory. Decent sauces.
Hamburgers are... just ok. I love Hamburgers, but these are paper thin. \n\nFor the price point- I would rather go to Five Guys.\n\nFor my real burger fix: I prefer Zin burger.
Great experience. Fast and great service. Had the Mexican flag enchilada. One of the best dishes I have had in a Mexican restaurant.  Easy parking.
Out of the late night pizza spots on The Strip, this is one of the better ones. It's kinda ducked off near E. Harmon so it doesn't get as crowded as some of the others. The pizza is straightforward brick-oven style with a decent amount of cheese... It does the trick.
Yum Yum!  Can't wait to go back.  Love the vibe and the food is very authentic - been to Italy numerous times.  :)
This is our second time to go. Still love the salsa and the food. Great place to take a large group we had a party of 15 and had plenty of room and the service was good.
Don't waste your money!! My lashes fell out within a week. I paid a LOT of money and was one of the worst set of lashes I've ever had.  There is a lot of options these days so ask around to find a good tech that doesn't charge so much!  Fast food of lashes is exactly what they offer.
I got fish and chips and its tasteless rubber that's been sitting under a heating lamp for what tastes like hours.
Customer service- 5 stars!!\nPrice- 5 stars..if I'm rich. \n\nI just want the belt bag....
I love these guys! Pizza is wonderful, owners are very community oriented. The owner shared on my last visit that the new parking meter rules downtown actually make visiting easier as US Airways event owners can no longer tie up spaces for the night. So if that kept you from stopping in...give it another shot! You won't be disappointed!
this bank is terrible and will charge you unfounded fees. it is a hassle to try and communicate with this bank and their customer service is terrible, i would not recommend this bank unless it is for someone you don't like and would like them to become financial screwed.
Sitting here ratting a late breakfast and the chef is eating as he is preparing the food,  the food has declined tremendous over the past few months
Night crew here is RUDE! I'll stick to the drive thru. Girl at the counter was unfriendly.  So was the rest of the staff.
Good Food but terrible service.\n\nWaiters are always very rude and short.\nthey need an attitude adjustment!!\n\nwould get five stars if they had better service
Lovely, beautiful, and crowded. I didn't actually shop, just walked through and looked around, but there is beautiful art all around. Don't miss out. \nIf you need a break, come in here and just browse around. It's crowded, but for some reason, seems relaxing and calming.
This is the best one in Vegas in my opinion. Seen it more than 5 times.\n\nJust go you won't regret!
Thai Style Noodle House in Summerlin :) I have been going to their 2 other locations for over a year now and am glad they now have one closer to me! \n\nGreat food! Good prices! Who can beat that!
Only reason I visited this place was because limited options for pizza in my area during late night. Next time I'll just opt for a frozen pizza in the oven. \n\nWings were terrible. Ranch is pre-packaged nasty stuff. \n\nNever again!
I live on this side of town and for an AYCE and high volume restaurant the service and quality is great! There is often a wait at prime dinner times but that a good sign if you ask me :-) We often do our girls nights here and I don't see that changing any time soon!
Too slow. Dish tastes so so.
Why the heck did i try this place again? ... Horrible walked out service just awful didn't even order.
Our waitress was super slow and spacy.  Food was ok but soaked in lots of butter.  Also while the patio is nice you are in close proximity to smokers which can turn you off a bit.  I'll try other places before returning.
I absolutely love this hotel. Service, rooms, everything is exceptional. \n\nLast there mid December. I won't stay anywhere else.
Good theatre, got tickets and good seats... Air conditioning worked well, bathrooms were very clean... And so were the floors in the theatre.
I would have given no stars if I could!! Abysmal customer service. After trying 1 trial flavor they refused to give one more. The server shouted \"NO MORE\" as though I had tried their whole selection. Also the one flavor I did try was bad. Never going back again.
Over priced, poor service, poor quality. This is a tourist trap and not worth your time.
Not even a one star.... Came gave estimate and never returned where they said they would the next day...bad service
Not the best sushi I've had. True to price, cheap price = semi decent in taste. Probably wont come back but it was worth a try.
mmmm....I love the Burrito Bowl....I think you get more for your money.  They have their signature Rice with Lime & Cilantro now with Brown Rice.  And I love the Guacomole....Mmmmm.
Great service and wines. Best calamari in town
Grounds look a bit outdated, but they have a least 4 pools, and a great location, tucked into North mountain. We're thinking about coming back for a stayaction at summer rates.
Food was good not amazing. Service was slow despite a slow night.  The cocktails are amazing. Great place for  drinks and apps
Weak food for yuppies. Overpriced. Underwhelming.  And you're surrounded by West Siders who should really know better... but of course don't.
As far as fast food chicken goes, Raising Canes takes the cake. There chicken is juicy, succulent and finger lickin' good. Paired with their secret Canes sauce, coleslaw, crinkle cut fries, and a slice of garlic bread, you'll never leave hungry!
With twelve others. All of our deserts where great. I had a joe latti root beer.  They offered me a sample before and the customer service was friendly. I like there ice cream better them the custard at Rita's.
I always stuff my face, and I always love it. Fabulous food, great service.
I have been with Bank of Nevada for 10 years. It used to be Bank West Of Nevada and had much better customer service, less fees and more personalized. They are just like the other big soulless banks like Us Bank, Citibank and Chase. My friends keep recommending credit unions. Maybe I'll give it a try!!
Horrible horrible horrible.....Is that the soup nazi I see in the kitchen....no its the owner...OMG stay far far away.....
Not as funny as in Philly. Still had a good time.Thanks for the free entry.
Good basic breakfast diner.  No thrills. Eggs and meats all overdone unless you ask otherwise. No butter.
Excellent, don't b afraid 2 eat @ bar. Better attention and tips on best in season. Salad to begin, chianti and angel hair. Delicious!  Here on biz and decided to grab solitary pasta b4 seeing a show. Don't miss this place...
Last night, my family and I went here for dinner. When we arrived there, there was a empty dirty table which took the waitress 20 minutes to clean. By the time we arrived at the table, we ordered and the prices are more expensive than what you get in the SGV. The food was good, but the service should improve.
Quick response, very clean cab, friendly service.
Waiting, still waiting. Ordered a delivery and it never showed. Had to do pizzahut as a back up after waiting an hour.
Just a regular gas station...It's a RedBox which is a plus...gas is reasonable...Milk no longer 2 for $5 which is a downer but still cheaper than Kauai's $9.32 MUAHAHAHA.
This mall is definitely ghetto. When I was there, there was no A/C.  I was in Sears and all the overhead announcements were in Spanish. When I asked the cashier about that, she told me it was because most of the clientele were Spanish speaking.\n\nI will NEVER go there again!
Service was below average. Food was average and ambience was the best part of the experience. Would not go back. Looks like a great place by the number of people lining up to get in but not sure why. If you are looking for a good place...keep looking as this is not worth a $200 dinner for 4.
-egg benny excellent, hamburgers large and very tasty\n-do not go on sun or sat, avoid peak hours. ... still simply too busy. you will wait an hour\n-service was good, overall great experience.
I think they have diminished the quality of their food. I went there several times a while back and had very tasty food, but this past time I went, the brisket was not particularly impressive. It seems that they've added more to their menu but at the expensive of the quality of the food.
The bean dip and salsa make the place. Will often stop and buy the two. We don't eat there anymore as you never know if you will get good food or really bad food. It's like a toss of a coin. Staff is usually helpful and attentive.
The food was over 20 minutes late, cold and subpar. They get 2 stars for being cheap. Will not order again with so many other places to choose from. Plenty of mixed reviews so this place must be hit or miss. It was a miss for me.
Everyone needs to do this once. But that is enough!!  Great music, cheap drinks, ok gambling. The scary zombie like meth heads combined with drugs, alcohol, prostitutes, etc... We left around 1am on A Friday night and headed back to the strip because we we worried for our safety. Have fun.... Yikes
This is the best pizza place! The crust is absolutely delicious and the sauce is amazing. I highly recommend.
I'm a regular at this establishment, and always been treated with respect and kindness, great costumer service.
Overpriced. Small portions. I would rather eat at chipoltle down the street. Beet salad was okay but not worth the 14 dollars. Server was very nice (was a guy)
The Cheesecake Factory is located in a shopping center.  It opens at 11.  My girl and I had the herb crusted salmon, steak quesadilla and cookies & cream cheesecake.  \n\nThe service was flawlessly executed.  The food was ok-nothing noteworthy.  Typical fat laden, oversized portions restaurant.
The food was great! But it was really expensive for a Mexican food joint. I love the hatch chilles that they put in a lot of their meals.
Old and worn out, check in then checked out.
Friendly staff, amazing beer selection, and daily rotating taps... What more could you ask for? Delicious pizza? Yeah... They have that too!
I recently attended a wedding at Sassi. The venue was beautiful and the food was excellent. I would recommend this venue to anyone looking to get married in the Scottsdale area.
Breakfast burritos are very good! But the stupid B at the register didn't want to put beans in my friends burrito because they \"don't usually do that\". And on top of that she doesn't speak Spanish and has one of the back people take her orders.
Awesome, halal and cheap!!
I have always get the biscuts and gravy!! Everything looks so good but i know this taste so good so i can never get myself to order something different!! There was a 2 hr wait due to the fact it was Mothers day... we kinda expected that tho!
Best sub and location definitely. Got hot Chipotle steak with oil & vinegar on side. Absolutely a wow face. Thanks guys
Had the most amazing and bizarre grilled cheese here with gouda cheese, avocado and tomato on a tasty tomato basil roll. Delectable! Their 4 beer sampler was just right too since I wanted to try more than one craft brew. Very satisfied!
Good hotel for the price. Huge rooms. Everything is stained but to be expected by the strip. Bring your own everything. They don't even provide shampoo. Overall good FOR THE PRICE.
Very disappointed, its my first time eating at this place and charged me an extra $1.65 for guacamole.  Thats like another 2burritos from taco bell, what a ripped off and never comin back again....
This location is new. The food was ok. Very busy and loud. Hopefully once its not so new these things will get better. Couldn't hear the person next to you. But other then then it was Olive Garden with good salads and good meals.
Belk at Carolina Place always has amazing customer service. They often compensate when you forget a coupon at the register.
Service was very slow, food served kinda cold. Defiantly wouldn't go back. Not worth trying.
Melissa and Steve's wedding; what a great time with family and friends.
Called up this Forever 21 and asked them if they could look up an item I was looking at online to see if they had it in their store. The women answered saying she was too busy and didn't have time.
Not sure what the deal is but they are no longer closing. Really strange.
Management here is more concerned with policy than guest loyalty. After two weeks in a row of staying here it is incredibly disappointing to be given the \"it's our policy\" talk from someone that is old enough to know better when dealing with a guest. I will never stay here again. They just lost five nights a week of room revenue.
Yum! We had this on our last breakfast before we headed out of town. What a stop! Plate sized pancakes. Mashed potatoes for breakfast! We sat at the bar and had a great meal!! We did valet and we were in and out. A definite must on our next trip!
I was surprised at how good the food was at this tiny place. I normally avoid the \"hole-in-the-wall\" type places, but I decided to give this one a try and SO happy I did. The food was well priced and not too greasy. The ingredients taste fresh and it has that family owned feeling.
I like the terrace cafe, but since they changed their menu I think it has gone slightly downhill.  Lot of grese and oil in their dishes.  The one in Piedmont row is better and I feel the food is fresher.
If the carnitas Tacos weren't dripping with fat, I would have at least not minded the mediocre service. You're in Vegas - way better options out there
Barista can't/won't reheat cold coffee. I was told to pay for a refill if I wanted to finish my drink. No, thanks.
Beautifully decorated. There is a another  restaurant called True Fu that jams with hectic crows. Tanzy feels more exclusive and upscale yet the price is comparable and food is good! Go to second floor on the iPIC theater instead next time when u find yourself having to wait inline for true fu :)
The gyros are to die for! The service is fantastic and I think they have the best fries I have ever tried at a restaurant! One io my favorite locally owned restaurants!\nI would say after trying other Mediterranean restaurants I think this one is by far the best overall!
After waiting in the drive thru for about a half an hour with only three cars ahead of us, came home to open the bag with someone else's order... Fail!
Great new BBQ place. very tasty and kid friendly.
Take out was fast! Great food and awesome fried banana for dessert.
George is great.. Professional, friendly, shows up every week rain or shine and keeps the pool looking clean and blue. Great pool service, highly recommended. He is great with my puppy too.  :)
Met my cousins there for breakfast while we were all in Vegas,felt rushed because kitchen closed for lunch for an hour. Not a big breakfast menu. No turkey sausage. Ordered a veggie omlet it was not enough cheese waitress never came to check on us after we got food had to find her to pay the bill.
I had an excellent experience with this company. They came out for a no pressure estimate and explained all of my options and the pricing. Then they were patient while I decided and even had them re-quote different styles for me. They under-promised and over-delivered, which is great. They estimated three weeks and my gate was installed in one.
Very weak in terms of service and food at a too high price.  \n\nBizarre attempt at including american and asian\n\nPass it up
Supper yummy wraps that are just the right amount of food.
I strongly recommend the wings, potato pancakes, and tacos. All are great. The mystery beer isn't half bad either. Krazy Fish is just a great place to eat.
It's been awhile since I've had some good ribs.  Bobby Q has fall off the bone ribs and the mac n cheese was so good.  Everthing was delicious.  Our server was friendly and helpful. I will be back for more. YUMMY!
Visited a week ago, and left sad. The Old Man was drinking what appeared to be motor oil, and kept lurching across the counter to try to bite people's babies. Chumlee was helpful, keeping him at bay with a spritzer bottle of vinegar.
Bland and slitely overpriced. This is what I would expect Mexican food to taste like in Canada. Also, with your meal you get a tiny helping of chips, seriously there may be 10 whole chips in the basket. If your in a pinch I would go across the street to Taco Bell!
Over priced, bad portion size, lousy atmosphere!  Menu is ridiculous not sure what kind of restaurant this is. Way overpriced!
Yummy yummy pizza's.\n\nCame on a Sunday afternoon and it was pretty empty.  Waiters were very friendly and everything was so delicious!
Amazing little machine to steam clean your ceramic tiles and grout (and a lot of other uses). Industrial quality at consumer prices.  Highly recommended!
Yuck. \n\nWe walked in and right back out....When we were seated there was this funky raw sewage smell. No way am I going to ingest anything made from a place with a serious order problem.
Really nice guy, great communication- and very important to me- he does what he says he's going to do!
If your looking for a club with loud music with a lot of hot women this be the place to go. Be prepared to pay out the butt for entrance fees and drinks. Oh and be prepared to wait a while before you get in unless you know somebody or you grease a few palms.
If you rent from Fox you have to take a second shuttle to get your car. Once you get to the office to check in be ready to wait over an hour for someone to check you in. They have 2 clerks with over 50 people in line. Place is dirty and run down. I would recommend any other rental car than Fox
I've got to say handlebar is one big secret in Apache Junction. Great food, excellent beer, and a beautiful atmosphere. This place is a must try once in your lifetime pub and I promise you'll be back for more!!!
Georges is one of our favorite restaurants in Charlotte! Chef Drew always outdoes himself and the service is always superb...\n\nDont miss the tartar or the duck!
Awesome place. Very friendly people. Service is always fast and I'd highly recommend to anyone looking for authentic Thai food.
Came here earlier for week day lunch special.  I ordered chicken burrito with green chili source and requested to put the cheese aside instead of on top of the burrito (it overruns the Green chili flavor). I chose the whole bento bean instead of refried bean for healthier reason. It was a great delightful lunch!
I give it 2.5 stars, but yelp is rounding me up. WEAK  beer selection (both BJs and Yard House are infinitely better) and mediocre food (again, BJs and Yard House are better).
Views of the castle\nLots of room to sit, study\nService hit or miss
Great food, reasonable prices and a fun atmosphere. Everyone should come here at least once! Their breakfast is fab.
We went for lunch. It was fine for older kids at that time but it would appear very bar-like at night. Mozzarella balls are very good. Spicy shrimp wrap was really tasty. Fish tacos are average.
Very good and quick food.  Guacamole is fresh and you get\na choice of whole wheat or regular tortilla.  Nice service and very clean kitchen
''Hell's Kitchen'' Avocado (bomb) Bacon (bomb) Swiss Cheese (bomb) Egg salad w/ mayo & honey pepper (bomb) on either Pumpernickle or Rye. BOMB.
Ive only been once, but it was a very good experience.  I thought the atmosphere was fun, although a little crowded.  The service was good and the food was great.  It may be a little expensive but it's worth it.  I look forward to going again!!!
Bought 5 pro-stock Turco goalie sticks at half price!  What a deal!
service is erratic and rice is dense. expect at least 6 quirky service incidents, including temporarily stealing your credit card. make sure you call if you are running late from your reservation time or they will get testy. dude on violin adds to the charm of the sausage.
This place sucks, it's a total robbery.  \nI took my car in there to get the brake rotors changed and they told me it would be $1000.  I bought the parts on line for $100 and had a local repair shop put them on for $100.
Seems to be a private owned location either family or friends running it, my chicken is burnt, the sauce taste nothing like samurais sauce and for the spice instead of it being red spice it's black pepper. Never will I come back to this location not to mention small portions. Don't come to this location
I had the BBQ chicken pizza which was very good.  I think the extra topping prices are a little high and it would be nice if they had some more options but overall pretty good.
I love Pizza, but I try to stay away for dietary reasons. I went here last week with my daughter and mom, and was pleasantly surprised. Thin crust New York style pizza at a good price. The menu is kind of simple, but that's the way these places are nowadays. Friendly staff and clean simple surroundings.
Pizza is really average might as well get papa johns across the street for the price
Slowest rental car check in ever. Took over an hour and I wasn't even sure what the hold up was as there was not a big line at all.
I hate Thai food and I'm not a huge fan of curry but this place has changed my mind. Very reasonably priced and always a great option at lunch because they handle the traffic very well. Not only am I back on the Thai bandwagon but my favorite dish is the green curry seafood.
This hotel is off the strip and I think all the fun of Vegas is in the heart of the strips so if you are not there then it sucks. It's hard to get around like you have to pay for taxi and everything so I would recommend staying at another hotel in the strip!
We didn't stay here, regretfully, however they have a beautiful mall on the main level just past the casino.  Salons, eateries, jewelers, Swarovski, shoe stores, souvenir stores abound.  It was a delight to just walk through and take it in.
somewhat over reated I think.
Tight spaced room full of jag off dealers, jag off floormen, and jag off players.
Too crowded.  The only thing I remember is the sweet potato fries.  Delicious.  But not worth the trip.
I've been here twice and both sandwiches have been very good. It's just really dark on the non-smoking side (that takes a star) which makes it seem gloomy. Service has been decent and the menu is large and varied.\n\nI'll be back a third time ;)
Was quoted 40 dollars to unclog a sink and 60 dollars to unclog a bath tub. When he shows up the price changes to 150 total cash only. He was there a total of  45 minutes and there was nothing difficult or unusual to justify the price change...never again...
No special request is too special for John.  Even a soy allergy can be handled in this awesome sushi restaurant.  Don't eat shell fish, but still want sushi?  No problem.  John's is the best hands down.
The hours say they are open until 10pm Tuesday through Thursday, but they activated their after hours answering message at 9:30pm.\n\nLittle Chicago apparently hires staff that likes to close up early; Makes me suspicious of how much care they put into their pizza.
Eating out of a shoe was simply unappetizing    Portions were spotty  and nothing stood out     A disappointment
Great neighborhood place that serves delicious food late into the night.\n\nFirst room has a bar and a few tables... through there is a second room all for dining with a window view to the street.\n\nUnpretentious, authentic, tasty Italian.  Sea Scallops were perfect.
They do a good job, just very very expensive!!!
I would eat here everyday if I lived closer.  Excellent tacos!  Pastor, pollo, carne asada, carnitas....I get two of each every time I go.\n\nI'm a pig.  I don't care.
In Oct 2013 came here for a smog check:\n- Finished my car in about 15 minutes.\n- Prices were low and the staff seemed friendly.\n- May just get my annual smog check here.
Found this restaurant on yelp and the Marriott hotel recommended it.   Everything was great..... Good service , good drinks and great food !   You can't go wrong enjoying a meal here.
Really digging this restaurant!  Solid go-to pizza place in the NW valley for lunch seekers. Great price and value. Made to order pizza just the way you want it.  Love it!
Love, love this hotel! The best on the strip!!! I make sure I visit the Aria Hotel once a month, and I have never been disappointed! If you haven't stayed at the Aria, I highly recommend it , you won't be disappointed :)
Wow, what an interesting selection of flavours! I tried both balsamic vinegar and artic fire (a mixture of lavender and black tea). Both were fantastic and definitely something different. There were many other flavours, sorbet and even some milk-free choices. Definitely worth the visit.
I needed a suit...tomorrow. Barry hooked me up with a beautiful suit at a great price. I love his energy, enthusiasm and knowledge fromhis 50 plus years as a clothier. Highly recommend.
Excellent service, very honest and straight forward explanation of what was wrong with my car and a quick turnaround time on the repairs. The owner, Will, even paid for you annual smog check before I got my car back. I will definitely be returning in the future.
Honestly, this is average ice cream. Not sure why there are so many favorable reviews. Unfortunately this place is not worth going out of the way for.
Slow service, mediocre food. The only reason we went was because we had a gift card and I probably won't be back.
40 minutes for an oil change and then a hard up sell at the end.  At least they vacuumed my carpets.
Well, we've been here twice now.  First time we got pancit.  It was salty.  Not horrible but not great.  Today we mostly bought baked goods.  The pan de sal was mediocre.  The baliwag was mediocre.  The puto bungbong was very disappointing.
Sure, it probably is the place your grandparents would take you for a nice dinner but oftentimes nostalgia makes the best dinner companion.  The food isn't going to win any awards for originality or excitement but it is has a comfortable menu set in a comforting ambiance.
No bueno!! I dont recommend this place. Its no where near authenic mexican food.
I had the California burrito yesterday. And the potato's tasted raw and the meat tasted old and it was black. The only edible part of the burrito was the tortilla. I had a friend taste the burrito and he threw up from it. I was not happy. Not going back.
We love Crust.  My wife and I come here at least once a month.  We love sitting at the bar.  Always great food and service.
Food has good portions and tastes great. The service was good too. Friendly. I would only recommend going on the days with deals though. Check the website. Music is a bit loud
Amazing musubi
GREAT FOOD!! Very friendly....the falafel wrap and the house dressing are fantastic. If you're not familiar with Indian/Mediterranean food, ask the staff to describe it....the Chicken Boti kabob entree is tender and seasoned perfectly. I'll be back!
This store told me they are affiliated with UPS in name only. When I took a return there the woman I spoke with rudely insisted I buy a $25 box before they would take my item. They do not understand the concept of customer service and it may cause them to lose their business base. I am now using the store on Regent St.
FALSE ADVERTISEMENT! All you can eat lobsicle!NOPE all you can buy! Prices high for little. Hope  this saves you from the false advertisement
save yourself. all I wanted was a polish change and the lady who first painted my nails did so horribly. there were bubbles, smudges etc. someone else had to repolish my nails all over again. top it off, they gave themselves a $5 tip I did not authorize on my credit card.
I went here at about 3am and ordered a large pizza, some bbq hot bone in wings, and the cheezy bread. Everything was delicious! The cheezy bread was the best I've had in a while and they even have flavored crust.
Overpriced and boring burgers. In-n-out tastes twice as good for less. \nI dare you to taste their pizza, terrible. The fries are okay but you can keep driving past this one.
The food is of poor quality. The crust is close to cardboard. The salad did not taste good. The server asked us if we wanted more drinks and and we had to ask again to get them. We won't be returning.
If I could give them a zero, I would.  2 people working & 4 customers who were all together waiting on a to go order. Neither employee greeted me or asked if I needed anthing even though I was sitting at the soda counter with a menu in my hand. Waited for over 5 minutes before I got up and left.
Second time at this location and can't wait for my next visit. They not only have great food but also a great happy hour. Every day of the week 3-7p half off appetizer and several sushi items.
This place was horrible. Do not go here.
I don't know if it's the tourists or if it's the location but expect to wait in line for those 3 soft tacos or super size burito... This place as a line.
Still just add great as the first time I came in!  Even if you don't want Mediterranean food, they have great chicken wraps, Italian beef subs, and phenomenal burgers! Charcoal grilled burgers!
I used to come here a lot and it was delicious. I've been here twice in the last 3 months and the chicken was disgusting both times. It was fatty and not edible. Some pieces were pink and others were gray. This will be my last visit here.
Very friendly staff. However not a great selection of colors. I was getting a pedicure and the massage chair was broken. I was disappointed. The service was good enough so I would return... But with my own polish!
Great place to try a plethora of ethnic foods. Nothing really stood out for me individually but being able to eat pho, teppanyaki, seafood, tamales, and gellato in the same place made it all worthwhile. Great experience.
Solid sandwich, great price.  I would probably come back to try more of the menu.  The microbrews were great!
I'm not really big into bbq, but I had the cow and it was pretty damn tasty. The potato salad was delicious, and the staff was really sweet and helpful, too.
VERY DISAPPOINTING!!\nNice room, good location.\nDesk and Restaurant Staff sucked. Tried to renig on credits.\nFood poor, Starbucks good and close.
I have been back about 4 more times since this review. I think I might be addicted haha Last time I was there I tried their  breakfast sandwich and it was delicious.
These people we're so rude to us before we even got a table, we walked out.  Thai Orchid around the corner was a much better experience.  \n\nThe Witchery is so pompous it's \"scary.\"
Good food, but does not live up to the name. It seems they would focus on the alcohol just as much as the food.
I had the peach margarita which was recommended as the best marg on the menu by the bartender. It was not very good. I would not go to this restaurant again. I would go back to Blanco!!!
BBQ chicken. Best in Charlotte. Bring a bib---or turn your cape around.
Amazing service, delicious food and always fast! Favorites are burritos for breakfast ham or chorizo is always good. Love the rolled tacos.
Expensive lunch meals.  Fried pickles were good.  Waitress messed up 2 orders out of 4.  Don't think I'll return.  Asked for no cheese waitress joked extra cheese, then brought my meal with cheese.  Better places to eat in area.
My soup came cold and too much starch in the hot and sour soup. Food was below chop suey quality. Order tenderloin chow fun but got overly tenderized beef instead.
Bad service. Waiter was rude and obnoxious.  We never got refills on drinks or salsa. The menus were sticky. Fajitas came out w literally one tablespoon of cheese..we live in Wisconsin! !! The chimichangas were on point though.
We went there for happy hour. The service was super slow and it was not even busy. The food was ok.
My first time back since its been completely re done (casio/hotel portion). Ambiance is very nice, setting great and view is just awesome. Went for brunch/late lunch, food was great. Would love to go back for dinner.
Cheap BBQ..its something that they do a great job at but their sides could use some work..i reccomend potato salad, mac n cheese, corn on the cob all the other sides are whatever
OK I went to this place for their photobooth hoping for a old school film one but alas, they only have a digital photobooth :(
I ate there twice, the place was clean, the food was good. \nBut, prices are high and service was very slow.  \nI hope they will get better because it's to bad that in such a fancy place you have to wait for so long for assistance.
What can I say, oysters are the bomb here, and the deserts are top notch, my favorites are the key lime pie and tried a new one called pumpkin cheesecake - delicous!
I love this place; Their black raspberry lemonade is delicious, and the pizza is awesome! Its quick, really cheap, and absolutely delicious!
Went in to buy a fan for my room since mine after 10 years went out. They tell us its just a seasonal thing and they did not have anymore. I had to go to another store and buy it.
Love this place! Great place for families! You dont even feel like your in Vegas. Very hip and down to earth. Great places to eat and the chill spot has great popsicles!  Got some great classic kids toys from the new toy store that recently opened. Great play equipment.  We will be going back
Original location is in Chicago. I haven't been. Also, New York, and now Las Vegas. Oh, and in case you are in Chicago and can't find the original, they built two (2). I am confident in your navigation. Good luck. I am done with the Las Vegas location.
try everything.... you will love it!!!!!! bible
Service is getting bad after a couple years. Relatively been ignored multiple visits, and have never been offered a water refill after the glass being empty for 20 minutes. The food's still good, but I take back what I said of relatively good service. Depending on the night I wouldn't expect much...
Best yarn shop/store in Las Vegas! Very large selection of yarns, tools, and notions! Nice selection of project bags including Nameste. Friendliest staff you could ask for! Knitting & Crochet classes for everyone including children's classes!
Very bad experience of dealing with this company. I ordered 14 pictures of my choice and paid for that. Now they are saying that I have to pick pictures from photographer selection. WTF? If I want anything which is not in this list I have to pay 10$ per photo.
Notice the dates of previous reviews... This place might have been good last year, but that has certainly changed. Don't waste your time with these inexperienced, young girls who haven't yet learned customer service common sense.
Read all of the positive reviews so we went to Le Peep this past Mother's Day. Very disappointed!  The food is very average. We ordered the sausage skillet, omelet and pancakes.  All were over cooked. The decor is very dated and desperately needs an update.  Will not be returning.
You can never go wrong with a Bobbie!
A good choice for Mexican food
Don't eat here! They make everyone check in on their phone to get the 10% off. Not one per table.
I can't really complain too much...the servers/hosts were nice and the service was quick.  But that's really all the good I can say too.  The pizza was bland, as was the staff.  I won't eat here again, as I try to save my eating out money for yummy places.
We waited and waited and waited to be served... It was a nice and warm September day and we were hungry so we waited some more, but after almost 20 min unsuccessfully trying to get the attention of the waiter.... we left!\n\nProbably won't be coming back...
Awful. Microwaved. Throwing in the trash. The cornbread was not fresh, it was cold and hard. We got a hot link that was probably microwaved as well since it looked all shriveled up.  With Dillons and Rudys close by, why settle for such substandard food?
have sandwiches been around for 250 years? \n\nsandwiches here are good considering the price. they are pretty fast, but if you arent there when they call your number, they will not call it again. the cupcakes are not worth eating. the ice cream sandwiches were out. i wish i could have tried them.
Great food, but you have to have a designated amount of time blocked off to eat here.
This place is fun... good music but way too crowed they should have a better system here. lines r long to get in, go to the bathrooms & even getting out of the club. \nThe restaurant is nice, good atmosphere good food , good drinks a bit pricey but not terrible.
Talk about a COOL backdrop behind the DJ. They have a HUGE LED screen that will mystify you while you dance. \n\nI can't wait till it's warm so we can better take advantage of the out door areas.
third visit and the owner was so beyond rude and arrogant, it killed whatever good things may have happened. weird because his wife was lovely, staff was great, but he literally ruined it for our whole family. even our young daughters were blown away with how rude he was. never going back, cannot recommend.
Great club/Lounge. Excellent service and bottle service is a must. The view in the patio is also wonderful. Special thanks to Dimitri and Kristina S for their excellenct customer service and friendliness.
Long drive threw lines SOMETIMES but    worth the   wait (: people don't mind lines when it comes down too eating a burger from here.  Easy menu.
prime rib was good different food all choice for most people
My husband I love this place for a few reasons. 1-they deliver! 2-original philly cheese steak sandwich! We also love their wings! We usually get delivery but we've eaten inside a few times too. Haven't had anything I didn't like so far (knock on wood)
Yeah... I wasn't blown away by this restaurant. I went in there expecting very little. Ask and you shall receive. I wouldn't recommend you go there unless it's your best friend's birthday party and she's been giving you the guilt trip about going.
I've been to the downtown Great Dane, but more to the Hilldale site.  Good stuff.  Really.
Great beer selection, decent wings with good spice. Not a huge deal, but we had a coupon from the 2011 Entertainment book that the server refused to take since they dropped the Buffalo Wings and Rings name (even though the sign is still hanging out front and the coupon was specific to that location)
Free tastings.  Staff was very knowledgeable about the products!
Not even as good as the hot dogs at IKEA, which are 50 cents.
Overpriced for what it is. Then again, nothing compares to wild thaiger, two miles away.
We enjoyed the signature ribeye, BBQ prime rib and prime rib sandwich very much!!!  Great ambiance and nice self order sandwich and salad bar!  Strongly recommended!
I am very happy to say that Brother's Pizza is trying to make things right by giving West Wing School $200 from the fundraiser fiasco.  Lessons learned... better communication is the key.
my wife and her friends have been back twice and I have to share she loves the food!
food and atmosphere was great, will definitely be back with my family again
BEST studio. BEST instructors. Love it!!!!!!!
Probably the best Thai food I've had in Vegas! Tasty food, great prices, friendly people. The only thing I might improve is the dining room, as it's not the most comfortable place to eat. If I could, I'd rate this place 4.5 stars, and recommend takeout versus dining in.
Service kinda sucks here and the works are kinda rude. Probably not going back here.
Went for dinner last night, they have closed.  Don't know if it's just a remodel or whether they are out of here...
Nice place to relax and enjoy some adult beverages. Very unique bar. Food looks good. Enjoying some adult beverages.
I had high hopes for this to be a great place to go after work.  The food was disappointing to outright bad.  The free coffee infused whiskey shot on Yelp is disgusting, they can keep it.   On the plus side, people there and the bartender were great fun!  Maybe I'll try something else when I eat there.
I've only eaten here twice but each time the food was awesome and the staff was courteous.  The price is about average for the portions of the food but it is well worth it.  I have only eaten breakfast here so I can not speak for the rest of the menu but I will definitely go back when I have the chance.
Great place..... Good customer service and quick turnaround on the dry cleaning!!
Shwarma's are unbelievable and the staff is awesome. They're generous about letting you try their food and are very friendly. Great value for awesome food.\n\nI've been there 4-5 times and the food has been consistently great. Meat is always good quality and tender while other ingredients seem fresh.
Don't waste your time at this store .
I'm not a big fan of their burgers but I was a fan of a few other things so will give them another shot. The service was outstanding, the fries are tasty & come in a cute shopping cart. I like the ambiance & the pear ale. Prices are a little high for what you get.
the food is great, always fresh tasting and authentic. the churros are probably the best ive had in a long time. plus tuesdays are 99 cent margaritas
Store is always fully stocked and clean.\n\nThey finally got the mini Starbucks area finish and open!!
Great little spot with friendly service and tasty affordable italian!
Yummy!  Wish they had crablegs at lunch and a better dessert selection but a great value and better tasting food than Wicked Spoon.
Great place for breakfast.  Order you eggs or omelet any way you want ..... what more can you ask for.  I do wish that the omelets where a little fluffier and the coffee a bit smoother. Service is good .... remember it is a breakfast place.
Cheap, smokey, loud.\n\nGood beer selection, a few pool tables, and tons of TVs.\n\nThe young college crowd likes to get wasted here.\n\nIt can be a fun place.
Worse place ever, not only the service but the price and food\nThis is why nobody beats Starbucks
It's gone.  Closed.
They have my daughter a really stale hard donut and they were out of croissants. This location is cleaner than the others and they have great customer service, but the donuts we got just weren't very good. Maybe it was an off day.
So delicious. \n\nService is awesome and unique. \n\nIf you've never been to a Brazilian steakhouse, you're missing out.
Good food , good service , I will come back
This place is delicious, however, it's actually a Mondo Burger that serves breakfast.
Horrendous customer service (very slow, unprofessional, inept, and down right rude)! Mediocre food! Dismal portion sizes for the price! DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY HERE!!!
I love this place.  They are very friendly, don't try to up-sell, do a great job, and have very reasonable prices!!!!  They also just got all new chairs for pedicures!!  I really like this place a lot!
This place is OK...not great.  If you're looking for great Chinese food, this is not it.  If you're in a rush and have no great alternatives, it's certainly not bad.
They put on a great show. I've seen them three or four times and it is different each time. Teens and younger children love it as much as the adults. Truly an all ages event. I can't recommend this enough.
Price is good compared to other places, but the cupcakes weren't that great. They were dry and they tasted like they were days old. Won't go back....
Finally knocked this one off the list.  I now understand why the average life span of a 15th Century Cornish miner was like 30 years... these Pasties pack a wallop.  Not the best meal but very hearty.
Good pizza by the slice with extra toppings available on cheese. I was a little disturbed by the handling of fresh basil after handling money, but other than that had a good experience. Cheap and tasty.
My first time going to a Firehouse Subs,  :) I really liked it, they had a fancy shmancy new drink dispenser that has over 150 beverage options, which is pretty cool. the Steak and Cheese sub was great, i really liked the fun and happy atmosphere and the attentive service I received.
The food here does not disappoint.   The service is often disorganized and far from on-point.   Last time we were here we got a pound of Speck to take home.  Mmmm.\n\nWorth checking out,  from this point forward I think I will do take-out orders.
Happy hour is from 5pm to 7pm worth the trip.
Never gonna come back here again! Service sucked! Messed up our order, others got served before we did and we were there first, and we were barely checked up on.  No apologies or explanation whatsoever...WTH!  Seems like you gotta be Asian to be served...cause thats who they were really checking on more.
I was craving Chinese so bad and we went there tonight, but they were closed.  Looks like renovations.  Maybe a new owner, because it looked like they were changing the name....
Best place ever. Been coming here since they opened. Tony is the best at nails so is his wife Sandy. But Sandy is by far the best at designs.  I let her do what she wants and I'm never disappointed.  I love this place to death....
Worst post office ever. They never deliver my mail to my home or work. Always picking up something. Saturday afternoon at 1pm. First time ever no line.
Where else can you easily climb 25 million year old rocks, find a viewing port and see the Phoenix metropolis sprawling in the four directions?
Great burgers and the people who work there are nice. Owners real nice and friendly as well. :^)
Best ice cream in all of Canada! I always get the mini cause it is small but just perfect. Love the vanilla-rasberry cake and ice cream! So good!
This place is AMAZING!! Atmosphere was great, very hospitable people. My friends and I wanted to try something new and ended up here. The food is delicious, a bit spicy, but its mouth watering. Definitely a great restaurant to visit.
I have been coming here for 6 years about once a week.  Everything on the menu is solid and always fresh.  Service is great. Go Wednesdays or Fridays for good soup.
If you want a greasy hamburger, in a bar, Zipps does that.  They are reasonably priced and I'm a sucker for onion rings..
I recently rented a car from Budget Las Vegas and had a great experience. Since I travel to Las Vegas several times a year for business, it is always nice to receive fast and great service when renting a car. Thanks!
Great tourist area with lists of shopping and dining. If your exploring Montreal I'm sure you'll want to stop in here!
Wendy's is pretty solid for good for when you want fast food that won't immediately make you wanna die. This spot is pretty quick and its on par with other Wendy's.
The place looks good inside, however the quality of the sushi is really so-so... As well, for the price you pay, you may as well go to another restaurant downtown to get better sushi.
Yummy hummus.....
Picked up food to go for an evening in.  When I arrived, the food was ready and warm.  The Yellow Curry is by far the best I've had in Las Vegas.  The beef Sa-te is also delicious.  I'll have to come back to try out their other dishes and service!
Two words: tomato soup. It's the most incredible liquid I have ever tasted in my life.
Great sandwiches. And a ton of food.  Wasn't thrilled with their potato salad. Get fries instead.  Restaurant is kind of a kickback from old Vegas. Wait staff was friendly too.
Ridiculous.
tearable service and poor quality food, would never go back
Terrible service. Workers were rude, thought i was lying, nothing else to say. Won't be coming back to this location.
Went in on a Saturday before Christmas (busy season) and they only had 2 people working out of 6 windows?!  Long line and it moved very slow.  No wonder the Post Office is in financial trouble, their customer service is no bueno.\n\nReturn Factor - 10%
This is a pretty nice hotel.\nEverything was OK except for the trash in the room above me.\nEvery ten minutes they were lighting up a cigarette and for whatever reason my AC was sucking it into the room.\nThere is no feeling like sleeping in an ash tray.
Great addition to the Vegas nightlife scene. Cirque show goes on above as the DJ plays. Plenty of room during bottle service, and the best visual effects in town
I've been to better breakfast joints!  However, the service has always been good and it's close to our house.  The food is nothing to write home about.  The eggs benedict are decent and the omelets so, so.   However the hog wild skillet breakfast is quite tasty!
Not a bad find on my recent trip. Great view of the fountain, friendly service. I ordered the Chicken Tortellinni salad. Delicious. The pizza and calzones look pretty good as well.
Definitely the place to go!! I have been going to the people that run this place for over 5 years now, and I'll never go any where else! Request Tyler or Amanda! Great prices and amazing work.
Not good.   All I had was a few rolls but it was pretty bland and dry.    Don't think I'll be going back.    I'll stick with I love sushi
The food was just out of this world and the server Daria was the best grade A+ all around thank you for a great breakfast I'm full okay later
Terrible service. Did not honor the buy 2 get 1 free yelp check-in. Very disappointed.
It was an overall bad experience here.  The tables were sticky.  The glasses were dirty. The service was slow and the food was tasteless.  I would probably not return here.
We had great service at this restaurant.   The coconut empanada was excellent!  The rice and beans, plantains, and buttered bread fit the beef & pork stewed dishes
So far, everything I have tried on the menu has been delicious.  Their Pepper Steak is good and they have great fried shrimp.  I also like their lunch combos.  A great place to eat and it is nice on the inside.
Love the turkey dinner on a roll! Always friendly staff, very clean and the subs are huge! A++++
family has been coming here for years for lunch hour, but experienced dinner for the first time-had crab legs! super yum!
Super fun venue for DJs and partying. Do not give these guys a credit card tho - Pay cash! Me and some girlfriends got taken to the cleaners by these bums when we rented a table with bottle service.
Absolutely love this spot! Best gyros & hummus in the valley. Also very convenient to where I live, centrally located in Summerlin.
I have been here before and always enjoyed the coffee.  Today went with some friends and we all made a comment about the bad attitude of the staff.  The girl at the register was rude.  I do not think I will be going back anytime soon.
These guys simply just do it right. Whoever came up with this concept is just brilliant. When I went the chia pudding wasn't in stock... I hope it is next time, I'm dying to try it.
My post did not get posted, but I am with the One Stars.  The five stars were buying.  We one stars got screwed at the service end.  Check out Yelp for Kensington Motors.  I just got \"my baby\" back after a major catastrophe avoidance.  Bill and Marc saved my car and wallet $3500 plus.
We never bought a car here but I just thought I should let everyone know that they were all very nice and never tried to force something on us that we didn't want.  We decided to wait another year or so to buy a new car and when we do we will come back here.
This is one of my families usual places for a quick dinner out.  The kids Alfredo bowtie pasta with chicken is a nice change from the staple Mac and cheese.  Not knocking it though, the Mac and cheese is extra cheesy and a favorite!
The sandwiches are solid.
Our favorite Sushi restaurant!  Richard is awesome and the food and presentation is Awesome!  We are here about once a week!!
2b Jamaica Street (down from Frederick Street), EH3 6HH. Never got to eat here, however sustainable menu and good reviews makes it foodie worthy.\n\nEmily Rose Reeder
This Yankee really loved this place. Led here by Yelp reviews and a desire for southern cuisine, we were very happy with the choice. Fried green tomatoes, shrimp and grits, pimento cheese, great beer selection - can't wait to move down here so we can come back. Yum!
It's Costco!  Love coming here for gas, and will be my first stop if the zombie apocalypse comes, =P
This is the second time I have been here and not been able to finish my food.  The first time the omelette was super dry, and the second time there was so much grease that my stomach hurt before I could finish my food.  Service has always been slow, will never go back!
Service is bad and also the food here are awful. Prob is one of the worst Chinese food. Not gonna come back here again.
You've got great food, no cover, stripper pole, beer pong tables, midget bar, strong drinks, fun atmosphere, no dress code, patio, food... What isn't to love about this place?
There for lunch and am not impressed.  The burger was fine, but not exceptional.  The service was slow and sloppy.  There were two people in the restaurant when we arrived, they left and two more came in, so it certainly wasn't a busy lunch hour.
Actually one of the worst lattes i have ever had. Just awful. They paid zero attention while making it, if you are going to charge 3.80 for a coffee, at least do it right.
Not bad food. Environment feels dirty though.
The idea of a club based on a cheesey movie. I have no idea why I had to check this place out. Probably because I was drunk.
Passing by we stopped in for a quick slice of pie to fortify us for our continuing journey. Not disappointed, the pie was delicious! Seriously good Jam and a very keen and friendly owner.
Service was average. Food was over priced. First time in years of using open table that a birthday request was not even acknowledged at check in. Not for a special occasion. Bar and happy hour look cool though.
This place is horribly overrated.  Service was terrible.  They act like they don't want you there.  It took 45 minutes between the first course and the main entree for the food to come out and not once did any waiter come by to check on the table.  Do not go.  Plenty of other great steakhouses in Vegas.
I eat lunch here at least once a week. The staff is always friendly and the food is always great. I have not been able to find a better value than their lunch special.
Very good pizza, great service, hip live music and tasty Vegan options! Family-owned is a plus! Drive the old car as parking is very tight.
I had a fish sandwich on a Friday afternoon. It was very average. Thinking this isn't the thing for this place though...
Average Asian nail salon. Happy with the results of my pedicure. The customer service was ok , they could do without all the gossiping in their native language. They seem to make very clear who they are talking about and it gets to the point where it's uncomfortable. I'm sure I won't be making a second visit.
great people watching in MGM with tables in the middle of shopping venue -- interesting decor -- good steak, everything a la carte -- table service didn't match food nor decor and distracted -- good wait service -- over priced for quality received
Drive Thru STINKS!!!!! Go in IF you want a half way decent meal. The service has been TERRIBLE at this location for a while. Can't understand how they are still in business. ANY of them for that matter.
if you want to ignored the entire time you are there ...then this is the Ulta for you! rude employees. WIll not be coming here. Sephora here i come!!!
Over priced and the food isnt anything special. With all of the amazing food in Vegas, this isnt worth it.
This place is awesome, been coming here for years. I went to the 7th street location up until now. Can't lose on the lunch special.
I like this place. Big portions of tasty food for a reasonable price.
Good sushi.
Decent pricing on the Juice\n\nOk Pricing on the Breakfast\n\nWAY TO much seating for the area that they have for my taste.
Very good! Ask for a special, they can make you whatever you ask for and then some!
A solid spot for burrito's! All the staple items with fresh ingredients and great offers... Tuesday & Thursday!
I'm a U-Swirl fan but the variety of flavors at this location is just lacking IMO.  If I'm going to go off my diet for some froyo it needs to be worth it.  I'll stick to the Charleston/Hualapai from now.
With out a doubt the best French fries in North America! The only place i know with that quality and tasty \u00e9quivalent was in brussell itself\n\nOften good music.\nI love the avocado Burger and that andalouse sauce
Hipsterville, great espresso, 7 types of biscotti, noisy.  Trendy neighborhood.
Yoga Styles rock!  Susan has created gorgeous and functional custom products for my acu-wellness practice/business...she is a creative genus...easy to talk too and always willing to try something...I love my Yoga Styles products...and am grateful for Susan Nichols!
Ridiculous $17.00 for a glass of wine Food was decent music was a ill loud We had a GC we needed to use otherwise prices were a I'll high
Simply the best! His \"hungarian fire bread\" is seriously addictive. Generous portions - authentic flavor and aesthetics - and goid story telling!
They make you stand outside in the heat for at least 45 minutes and then send salespeople out to get you to upgrade your seats so you can get inside quicker.  I prefer Stand Up Live where you can get a drink next door while you wait for the doors to open.
Love this place. Love the feel to it and love the boat ride through the joint. They did a good job making u feel like ur somewhere else
Socks, socks and more socks. Every pattern, shape and image you can think of is here. Some of the items are cute, but oh so expensive. It's a tourist spot on the strip, so you know what to expect.
Not impressed...  saw a couple reviews that were not stellar, should have listened!  Pancake was as heavy as the plate it was sitting on & the omelette veggies were supposed to be roasted, nope, raw.  Sorry, 1st & last time I'm here!
What can I say? You know what the Hard Rock is all about.
Decent enough pizza that gets good lunch play because of an attractive price point and quick service.
Enjoying an amazing birthday dinner with family and friends... With a sushi feast to make the gods green with jealousy!
Awesome food, awesome service (night crew), awesome time. Thanks guys
Absolutely terrible and completely unprofessional. Order was not delivered and I was not contacted or notified that the order would not be fulfilled. When I contacted them their response was \"regret not delivered, will issue a refund\". No apology, no signature, no timeline on when I should expect to receive a refund.
ok, so someone had a bad dish (the ahi). but she didnt say anything until now! 3.5 for great cocktails and mostly good dishes!
I ordered several tapas and they were all great. The hummus nachos were the best. For drinks I had a Cucumber Mule and the Lavender. Both were fresh and well balanced. This is a great restaurant overall although the price remains a little high for the location. Almost a 5 star.
Always clean, employees are always friendly. They sell everything from soda to hot dog buns to medicine.
I first tried this restaurant in May and I have to say i did enjoy it.  Now that i'm on the other side of surprise i can see myself frequenting this restaurant more.\n\nUPDATE:\nSadly This restaurant is closed, gone, DONE.
Great sushi place for the price. Lots of unique rolls that were delicious.  Staff does a pretty good job keeping the wait to a minimum during the busy hours. Recommended if you are looking for quick sushi.
As far as DMV's go, this one isn't bad. The wait wasn't too long and the couple of employees I talked with seemed very friendly. Generally speaking the bar isn't set to high when you're talking about the DMV, but this experience was decent.
We went for my mothers birthday and it seemed like our waitress didn't care about our table but the table across from us she gave a lot of attention to. We felt and ignored and we won't be coming here again. If I could give zero stars I would.
Large food selections but there weren't any dishes that wow'ed us but food was decent/good. The wait was also too long. Overall, tons of space n food was decent, but for the price of (50 dollars), n the long wait, the food doesn't make up for it.
Had to go in when I saw the sign. Didn't expect to buy anything, but I found a cool zombie Hello Kitty shirt for my daughter. It's a little too big, but maybe after it gets washed a couple of times, she can wear it to kindergarten.
I love this place. The owners and staff are very friendly. I have never had an issue eating here. The food is authentic and delicious. It's my favorite place to eat in Queen Creek. If I moved I would drive out here just to eat there food and see the staff. You guys are great!
Good atmosphere and architecture. Weisen beer was good although bottled. Had every appetizer last night for a work party and every one was bad. Beer cheese pretzel had a side of cheese if I didn't know better was cheez wiz.t
Great, unique, seafood dishes! Not to much for the dieter! Good food, and fun atmosphere !
Savannah is an excellent bartender. Only reason I'm rating four stars is for poor service before she came on. Very attentive. Took the time to learn my name and drink. Great bartender had an excellent time.
I would rate this restaurant average. The food (fish) isn't as fresh as I expected. I went there for lunch. Only one sushi chef. Food gets out very slow.
Just left this place this morning to pick up 1 doughnut.   It was an expensive doughnut, but it tasted amazing.   I got the French Toast doughnut.   Every doughnut comes out made to order!   I think the idea is fantastic.  It is basically the only doughnut shop I am going to from now on.  Love it!!!
Cute little place with lots of comfy places to chill. Friendly & efficient service. Lots of good selections. Was glad to find this as I'm always looking for an alternative to Starbucks.
Our dinner was over priced and the food was over cooked.  Although the food didn't taste bad, I don't think we will be returning.  We did have good service.  The waiter was on top of things.
What a shit hole!\nIf you are thinking about going here - STOP.\nThis place makes me want to take up smoking so I can subdue my appetite. It's dirty, the food is of questionable quality.\n\nPlease stop giving your money to this place.
Service wasn't good. Our waitress seem over worked and under extreme pressure. The manager did not address our concerns. I will not return to this location.
This place would be at home in a mall...any mall, around the world.  Its a tragic use of what could be an incredible space.  But I'm sure you can drink and eat reasonably here...but is that really what you're looking for?
I usually take my wifey here for lunch during the week days about 1-3 times a month. Their set lunch never dissapoint. try the Sakana lunch or chicken midori, awesome taste and freshness.
Good food, good prices. The horchata is a little watered down, but if you are looking for a good place to eat after-hours, check this place out.
Holy shit! What a difference . After a year, I gave em another chance, and it's been good. I am talking refer mom & dad here good! Will keep advised-
Ripoff is the only to accurately describe my experience.   To further explain the price was too high for what you got in return which was overcrowding to the point inhibiting participation.  The experience could all be had on wii and a local gym.
Coffee is fine, although I agree with Laura F. below. Service has always been VERY slow, despite 3 baristas working at the counter. I'd recommend not stopping here on your way to work, but its an OK place to pick up a latte on the weekend or get a bottle of wine.
Always consistently fresh and good food. Servers are nice too.
Molto bene!!!
No chicken fingers or chicken nuggets for the little ones.
Veggie platter was very good with generous portions. Fast, Friendly service. \nPlenty of parking. Yum!
Chicken was hard but biscuits and tea are the best in the world.
I've used Dr. C for several years. He is calm, and fast.  A great dentist. Cleanings are great. Staff is very pleasant. Can't go wrong if you are looking for a competent, relaxed dentist who knows your mouth :)
CRAP! The other reviews are idiotic (sorry, but it has to be true, since this is crap!)  Over priced - over sauced - horrible place. Oh, and very dirty.  \n\nYou have been warned - enjoy!
This is my second time here and the service, food, drinks, and atmosphere are great! I highly recommend you try this place if you are looking for a great sit down mexican restaurant!
Terrible! They have the worst line management I have ever seen. Very disappointing experience for such a high price. Booo!!!!
Amazing ice cream - what I appreciate the most is the natural high quality ingredients....meyer lemon is insane and the owner Helen is so helpful. What an amazing small local business!!
Solid Asian restaurant in the MGM.  It's open late and has a decent sushi menu and very good mixed drinks.
Extremely disappointed, complained that my chicken was undercooked and someone from the back came in and told me it wasn't pick and you should be fine..
First time here and I had an almond croissant and a latte. I have to say the croissant was one of the best I tried so far. Will definitely come back soon.
I have been coming here for 7 years and LOVE it!!! It's family owned, they are fantastic.  They have watched my kids grow. You can't go wrong with any of the food, SUPERB!!!!
Good place to go watch sports and just hang out with your friends. Food is pretty standard bar food and has good service.  Mixed crowd on Saturday night. I enjoyed my experience.
Best filet I have ever had hands down!! Cooked perfectly-- medium well and so tender I could cut it with a fork!
It's a dive bar. Went here with friends to watch the packers game and the tv in the other room was lagging, so the cheers or boos happened at different times, which was weird. They had great service!
I will never come here again. Very expensive and the technician did a terrible job. I had a gel mani/pedi and the gel is already chipping off a day later.  Also the foot and leg rub was possibly one the worse I've ever had. Don't waste your money!
Had the curried chicken and rice with plantains. The chicken tasted fine and the rice was (over)-abundant. Ordered extra plantain on the side because of a previous experience elsewhere - sadly, these plantains disappointed. \n\nOn the whole, very average. Three stars.
TOO EFFIN' CROWDED. Find a different In N Out on your phone and go there instead for better service and less crowds. Otherwise, food is just like any other traditional In N Out which is delish!
This was way better then excepted! The kids had great fun and it was free!
I was looking forward to having a tea cafe close to UNLV, my tea was over steeped, I order a pork meal, the meal was 75% white rice, little meat and half of it was fat.
This place is very unique I went in there to look for a cell phone case and not only found that but found a car stereo ,notary public,barbershop, and fruit so this is my new place anything you need is in there....
My wife and I were quite hungry, and there was no wait time here, so we decided to try this place. She ordered the Quesadilla, which was quite ordinary, and I had the Enchilada, which was weird. The service was not the greatest either. I would look for a better restaurant in a place...
Great service by KFC employee Marquese.. Kind of unheard of..
delicious and fresh!! I wish it was closer to my house
I am sorry but after experiencing The Buffet at Aria wicked spoon does not compare. Bad selection food is just okay and I was disappointed with most of the food I ate. The chef at the omelet station needs to go back to culinary school and learn how to make an omelet.
We recently took my parents here. I like the steak house feel. It's very classy spot. Food is fantastic. The bread basket, especially the corn bread is delicious. Everyone loved their food. Definitely will be back. Service excellent.
Good service, tasty food. However, I have never been to Tibet so I can't compare it to the authentic one.
Love love love staying here when I'm in Vegas! The rooms are spacious and beautifully and tastefully decorated.  I feel so spoiled when staying here. No details are overlooked.  It's my number one choice for hotel in Vegas.
Took the family for the weekend. We had a good time. Good pool.  Wasn't disappointed but not blown away. About what I expected    No specific problems, but nothing memorable.
Favorite place to eat on the strip!
Came here a few weeks ago on a hot sunny day. It's another fix-it-yourself fro yo chain. Flavors including the tart are bland at best. Good toppings but nothing else. There are better options, IMO.
Gave them a try: 3 of 4 pants are going back because they are wrinkled and not well pressed. At $5.50 per pair it's unacceptable.  Being green is great, but lazy is lazy.  The night pickup is great, however, I'd rather they do a better job with the basics.
They told me they had to use a specific oil for a Honda.  After talking to three different Honda dealers I found out they were Full of it!  Don't waste time with people who run a business and don't know what they are talking about.
We ordered a sicilian pizza because we like our pizza thick, however, our pizza was no thicker than a standard round pizza -- very disappointing.  There was hardly any crust also.  I will say the roasted red peppers as a topping were good.  The other thing we didn't like was that it was pretty salty.
Really interesting place! Professional, but very relaxed environment. Has a good vibe with lots of fun, unique people. Also, men who do nails...and do them well? Yes please!
Food was pretty good, service was a disappointment \nMAJOR problem- we used a gift card and cc to pay and we ended up paying about an extra $20 because she overcharged us. won't return due to that fact, hope she enjoyed her extra tip on top of her initial 20%
Great salon that is reasonably priced. You almost never have to wait. The salon has a clean atmosphere. The girls are very friendly. Lastly, the manicures and pedicures are thorough and very relaxing! Will continue to visit this salon!
Great ice cream (and yogurt! ) and really friendly owner! I'd recommend this place over cold stone any day. Everything is made with local ingredients which is a major plus.
Had the sunrise Benedict,  with turkey and avacodo and it was horrible.   Last time for me here.   Service was friendly however breakfast for 2 $35 is a bit over the edge for me.   Poor value for poor food but with good service.
Nothing wrong with Beso.  Cuts of meats are very good, guacamole does not disappoint.   The energy in the room is good, service was very good.  WIne list is outstanding.  I have heard mixed things, but is worth trying!
Although i've been here over 10 times, this is my first review. The atmosphere is great, the drinks are tasty, but so damn crowded at all times! 4th of July was insanely packed. There was no room in the pool!
Exceptional quality food, home baking and coffee make this place well worth a visit.  Their freshly baked bread is the secret of their successful sandwich making.  I'm going back!
This store is smaller than the PetSmarts, however they carry a great variety for a few dollars cheaper. Staff seem knowledgeable and were very helpful.
Love it.  The tamales are great, the tacos and tostadas are simple and satisfying, the menu is straightforward and cheap.  Only flaw is it being closed on Sundays.  Highly recommended, especially if fast and cheap are priorities.
The smell of cigarettes from 1980. A torn condom box behind my nightstand. Human stains on the plush headboard. Someone else's washcloth hanging from my shower head. Halls that make the halls of The Overlook Hotel in The Shining look inviting. What more can I say?
My lunch date said he was taking me here for lunch.   Its ok food if u don't mid a.bar atmosphere.\nFood was fresh but smoke in there was bad. Hellloooo...dates...don't take someone there if they don't smoke. Ugh
We went to Raceway Bar & Grill  it is kind of away from the town but it was a treat. Food and service great. Lots of collectables to see. Pizza was different but awesome.we would go back for sure. Rand the owner made the experience even better. Had an Amber beer which was great to.
Super comfortable beds!   Great location in downtown.  We enjoyed our stay and would return.
My favorite korean restaurant in Vegas! Love the atmosphere and the food. I get their labbokki, dolsot bibimbap, seafood casserole, and the garlic chicken wings. Must try this restaurant if you love korean food!!
It's late. I get it. But for someone to not even say a word let alone look at you is just pathetic. No \"thank you\" no \"have a good night\" nothing. Just an eye roll and attitude. I don't expect much when it comes to fast food. But seriously this is pathetic.
Didn't want to taste anything here because when I asked to speak to the owner, I was told by the manager that the owner would not be receptive of me \"if you know what I mean\" is what she said. I took this as a racial remark
Third time seeing Frankie Moreno! Highly recommend this show. Very talented and entertaining!
I drove though to pick up the double dozen for a client and they advised me the machine was broken so they had no glazed donuts. How is this possible and how did the make the other donuts?\n\nEnded up driving straight to Winchell's.
Just a regular old pawn shop. I think I expected to see one of the cast members there, which probably would've made it a 4 star experience. Still, it's something to do if you're in the area.
Extremely friendly staff tacos are good. That's it! Processed guacamole, bland salsa, carne asada, bleh! Awful! Please put some flavor into your food.
Great time! \n\nShowed up late on Friday only to find live music and great outside dining.  Margaritas were good! I had the  enchilada trio and my boyfriend had the steak plate. We enjoyed both and walked away satisfied.
Great service, but overpriced. Kind of like a med end chipotle. If you are looking for authentic Mexican food and salsa this is not the place, but it appears healthier then others.
This place is super fun! Well worth the $20 ticket for both entertainment and education.
By far one of the best buffets in las Vegas!
Went for the Yelp Ultimate Science Fair, and this place was really sweet.  I think we had the most fun playing around in the Human Body area.  There were many great exhibits though.  I look forward to going back sometime when I have more time to fully experience this place!
Food was good, however this Is primarily an outdoor seating place and for some reason they allow smoking at the outdoor bar.  It is a problem.  If smoking bothers you avoid this place.
Cheap and terrible, oh god if it wasnt for poker i wonder what this place would be like...terrible layout to the hotel, too much traffic around it...but go ahead stay here save some bucks to gamble with!\n\n\nTFR
The food is absolutely amazing!!! And the the people are great! The crack bread is absolutely a must have, you won't be disappointed! If you're looking for a cute date night spot,  try it out on a Thursday night for their $25 date night special,  you will be hooked just like the rest of us!
Very unfriendly staff at the front, very un-knowledgable about everything!! Don't let these  people ruin your day, It's bad in here disputing some\nBs charge !!!!
The snow was great. Boba had a good constancy. I'd come back again for the snow, but definitely not for the service. The cashier guy with the tattoos was rude.
This place sucks. They charge for korean hot tea. Charge tip % of 4 or more.  Charge for refill on side dishes of 3 or more. Crap!!!
Made the mistake of ordering lobster at a steak house.
There Mu Shu Chicken is alright with me!!!!!
Worst sushi place I have ever been to, do not go.
Nice place for the area, which can be sporadic at best. Decent food and a nice staff contribute to the bright environment. Not a very big place, but cozy. There is a second floor for private parties and such. Interesting menu with a wide selection of favorites with a twist of their own.
not the best thai i've ever had, but it got the job done; maybe i ordered the wrong dish. i went for lunch and had the pad see ew, which came with soup and a spring roll.  portions and prices were decent. if i were to visit phoenix again, would i come back? meh.
Average diner.  Nothing special.  My chicken And coconut shrimp were over cooked and dry.\nService was attentive and everything was correct.
I had an iced americano and a cookie with jelly on it that was amazing! I liked the crowd and thought the inside looked awesome! I would definitely go back!
Horrible service!!\nSmells like a dam nursing home!!\nFreezing cold had to ask for them to shut the door!\nFood is not good.
I wouldn't come here if I had to wait in line and/or pay.\n\nIf you must come get a reserved table.  It is pretty crowded otherwise.
Wow, tough crowd! Good wings, fast service, not nearly as bad as reviewed here! Go for a MAN MUG!
Eis ist klasse. Aber die Kugeln finde ich zu klein mit 90 Cent auf dem Land.\n\nBestes Eis ist Nutly Creme. Gibt es aber leider fast nie.
The staff is nice but the value is kind of lost here. They do not include a simple shampoo in the cost of a hair cut. Not unheard of, just saying, if you're looking for a good cut and price.....
The only thing worse than the food there, is the service.  It's almost a joke how poor this place is
Won't be back...these guys stole all my Change out of my console...generally you expect random coins in the cup holders to be taken...but they went into a closed console and stole an entire change holder...don't give these guys your business!!!
best Mexican food in las vegas and the service is outstanding!! highly recommend!!!!
We are vacationing here from Miami. Needless to say we know good food. This restaurant was impeccable. From the amazing food to the super friendly service...5 stars all the way!!
I go for the cable car cocktail and stay for the food. Love sitting at the tiny bar for the entire experience. Table side Tuna tartare is a must. Lobster Pot Pie is a signature choice. I like the sprout topped halibut. Expensive but oh so worth the splurge.
Just okay.  My husbsnd hated it but I thought it would do in a pinch, but haven't been back in months.  Soups need improvement.  Staff was nice.
Great customer service. The order taker was kind, patient and looked happy to help me. It was Good hot n fresh. They always hire good staff. I am not a family or friend of anyone there I just really enjoyed my visit yesterday. Going to go the survey too.
DO NOT order the sushi from the appetizer menu. It was awful.\nThere service was excellent and the other food was above average.
Good food fast and nice people eat between the hours of midnight and 0600 am it's less than $5 steaks
This place was great! Great lunch, though it is a bit expensive. I had the chicken sandwich with separate side orders of empanadas and papas. All were delicious, but the sandwich was my favorite. I will definitely be back for more in the coming weeks. My coworkers loved their steak sandwiches.
Livery strong greasy odor all thru dinner
Ben the owner personally came out to give me an estimate. I thought the price was fair and the work exceptional.
Great haircut, but he does not take appointments.
The is food good and they have fast service.The staff is always friendly to all the customers. Dinning in is always an option for us since it is clean place and well kept.\n\nThey have good prices especially if you are in their texting program you get even better deals on a regular basis.
Staff is friendly.  The place is spotless.  The food is amazing and at a great price.  Be warned, the food is very filling and the portions are huge!  This is my new favorite place to eat in Charlotte :)
Decent airport, but it is always a mass of humanity.  Be sure to stay in your seat if you get one, because you will lose it.
Having twins, finding a place that feels comfortable to eat out is far and few between. Especially if you want a touch of quality to the food. Well, the Haymaker is it! Friendly and understanding staff AND patrons. We have had breakfast and dinner there, and really can't wait to try everything!
Love that I get my own pot of coffee and pitcher of water!  The Monterey omelet was quite good...country style potatoes -- yum!  My waitress, Malina, was attentive, but not overbearing, pleasant, and right on time every step of the way!  A good experience, overall.
What a disappointment to have Emeril's name on this establishment. For a Friday night in Las Vegas the restaurant was not fully staffed and service was reflective of that. The food was ok at best. Not near the \"BAM\" Emeril is known for. Similar experience that is found at a chain restaurant.
One of the best Mediterranean restaurants in Madison. Nothing beats their kebabs!
Fast friendly service (as usual)....and GREAT snacks too!  LOL
Trendy new coffee bar! Great coffee roasted on the premises and nice little menu! Check it out. So nice to support a local with way better coffee than Starbucks!
Not a bad place to stop in for lunch. It can be a bit busy and if your appetite is huge, you might want to opt for the unlimited trips option. \n\nThe secret is to Smush. Use the wax paper to fit everything in your tiny little bowl. Enjoy!
We stayed here and the newly renovated rooms are decent, but on the smaller side.  It's close to everything so it's pretty convenient.  I cant' say that I loved the rooms but I wouldn't mind staying here again if the prices were good.
The layout and decor is unbelievable for Pitt, great food, great staff ... Nice job Wine Loft #1
don't get your eye exam here. The staff is very friendly as they rip you off with fee after excessive fee, on top of any insurance coverage you may have. They may even suggest financing. You should not need to get financing to get an eye exam.
We used eco-friendly flooring to install cork flooring in our basement. The quality of the cork was excellent, they are easy to work with and schedule with. The price was fair and lower than other large flooring companies, and quality of work was excellent.
The restaurant is under new management, and the new owners are super nice!  I would highly reccommend the Shredded Szechuan Beef.  It is FANTASTIC. Just like Pf Chang's but with larger pieces of beef.
closed???
Fantastic!! The most professional and fun experience I have had :) A posh inviting atmosphere accompanied by knowlegable owner and staff makes for a postive experience. Whether you are a novice to lashes or a regular you will find beauty here!
their menu is always changing, but their is always something awesome to try. I had mixed emotions upon hearing of  Fletcher's departure. Cheers mates and see you soon.
I had the best TIME here at any bar in Scottsdale. Do you want amazing service? GO HERE. Feel like your at home? GO HERE. Nuff said
This place is a true oasis in over priced Las Vegas.    Amazing Sushi.
Large airport, easy to navigate, and quick security lines.  Taxi lines are long but quick and well organized.\n\nIt's a bit dirty for my style, but what else can you expect from an airport?
Great service and friendly faces. The family running Ultra Cleaners is as nice as they come. They put extra effort into the work too. I've never had suits look better. This will be my only dry cleaner.
Found this place on yelp after craving a good hot dog. Good food, Nice atmosphere, and great staff. I tried the Atlanta Slaw Dog. I loved the homemade slaw. Definitely going back to get another and try the other hot dogs
....
I see Jena every 6 weeks for my brows and dermaplaning and my skin has never looked better! I get complimented on my brows all the time, she takes her time and shapes them to perfection. She is very knowledgeable with products and will recommend the perfect serums and moisturizers for your skin.
Have dined many times at this restaurant and been very satisfied.  However I ate a bowl of chili that made me very sick.  I called the diner to talk to the manager and told him about the chili.  He did not even apologize and rudely said \"I will look into it\" and hung up.  Not good customer service.
I absolutely love this place, bc their service is consistently good! The coffee is good, and americano is strong enough for me. The reason not 5 stars... Pastry is so so .. Tried different ones not impressed and the waffle not great nor special. The gam cheese croissant is good!
First Yelp review ever. Not impressed at all! 45% bread, 25% cole slaw, 25% fries, and 5% meat. The bread is cold and not grilled or warmed on the grill. Avoid and eat else where. Don't even think about the wings (dry and no flavor).
Regular at Sprouts. Love the deals on produce and quality of fresh meat.
So I'm picking up an item at the Site to Store and this place is a disorganized cluster fuck. Nobody knows where anything is, got the email this morning saying the item was here but nobody can find it. Managers are rude and store employees are yelling and cursing at each other. Avoid at all costs.
This is one of my favorite restaurants. I've never been disappointed in  the service or the food. It's a bit expensive, but worth every penny. I highly recommend the seafood salad. I had a crab stuffed shrimp special that was also spectacular.  Go! You'll love it.
Meh. I have not been impressed here or at Daniel for dinner. Lots of places I would go to ahead of this
Pretty cool place, but not one of the top clubs in Vegas.\n\nThe main thing I liked about it was the outside area, there is a nice view of the strip.
I tried the chicken and waffles and the dish was good! Next time I'm in the area, I will definitely come back. I got to meet the owner and he was very friendly and he genuinly wanted to hear our feedback and opinion about the service and food. Great experience!
Great nan and vegan options on menu. Will be back for buffet.
Pizza was average for New York style. Delivery was pretty quick but the pizza was cold and way over-priced. 25 dollars for one pizza is a little ridiculous.
By far the best place for breakfast in CU, and their coffee is always top notch. I've never had any qualms with the service, and never waited for over 5 minutes for a seat. Everyone's super friendly and I always leave in a great mood.
being a snow bird for the first time, i dont know many mom pop types in the area. so glad we found this place. service was exceptional , pizza's even better . so much better than the parlor down the street. i will go back to this place a couple times each year i am at my phoenix home
Stopped by on a Sunday morning for breakfast with my girlfriend. The food is delicious but we both found hair in our food.... YUCK!!!!!!  Get some hair nets please!!!!!
The worst place to rent a limo. I made a reservation 3 days before my wedding then the have the balls to call me in the middle of my wedding demanding more money from me. Are you serious? I made a reservation 3 days before my wedding and you find the mistake an hour before I'm scheduled to get picked up? Never again.
Finally made it to Tyber Creek for the first time! After all, it's been 2.5 years since I moved to Southend, so what's the rush...ha! Good beer selection with decent bar food in a dark atmosphere with old TV's...enough said.
Get there early or call to reserve bread because they run out quickly. I was there at 4pm and they were sold out of almost everything.
have been here a few times before, the food was decent, not the best i've had, but decent :), plus the price isnt over the top
Big portions and quality. I would not get battered to go cause it gets soggy fast. But is really good.
I would give this place zero stars if I could. Took a month to get an appointment for oil change, horrible customer service and an oil change took an hour and a half.
I love the sushi here.  It's a bit more expensive than your Harris Teeter fare,  but the taste is a world of a difference away!  I think you really get what you pay for.  The food is okay,  but the sushi is really what sells.  The place is a bit small and very tight especially during peak hours.
Aria Hotel is literally one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. I lost my purse and Duff and Wynn worked so hard to help me find it. They literally went above and beyond their call of duty to help out is a guests.
I love the $6 Guac/bacon cheeseburger, and the ice cream cookie sandwich...but that's it. If ordering chicken in the drive thru...expect to wait...and wait.
This little coffee/pastry shop is located by the main entrance in front of checkout counter it is open 24 hours a day really nice people and they're very clean tasteful pastries fresh coffee fresh everything even a fresh smile there to greet you anytime in this 24 hours. Shop.
Skip, the bun, order by the patty only for a better deal.  \n\nYour other options are over priced and not great (sushi) or lame suburban chains (Yard House).  I opted for a lot of these burgers instead.
Portion sizes are extremely small, which is weird for an indo-pak restaurant. Food is alright. The owners were nice so they get 2 stars for that. Probably won't be coming back here.
This is our Thai standby whenever we go to Phoenix. Good food, prompt service and it's right across from the art museum. The coffee is also good. Particularly like the eggplant dish.
Friendly service. Great food. Best part was I got my food right after I got done paying. Fast Service!!!
Always busy - which is a good sign!  Sometimes means you wait for service, but breakfast is always good.  Great pancakes, coffee is locally roasted and decent, and the owners are always around.  Good neighborhood diner.  Great for kids - they love it here.
Service was really good. Waitress took her time explaining the deals. Food was above average but this place is all about the ambiance. Live buskers across the street, friendly locals, and a very European feel. Recommended.
Always a great meal. The food is out of this world. One of my fave places in the East End.
Sweet potato fries and orange cream shakes, those are my wife and son's kryptonite :-)
Visiting the area and Los Dos Molinos was recommended.  What a treat!  \n\nPortions were large.  Menu had enough variety that the varied palates of my family had choices.\n\nI highly recommend the house margarita.
Waited for ever for the host to appear. Never did. I had to walk into the restaurant and find myself a table. They need an complete overhaul of their staff. \n\nFood was standard thai. It was ok, nothing great though.
The late night happy hour was advertised incorrectly and didn't honor price. bah!
We boarded our dogs here overnight they we treated with love and respect. the owners are very personable and friendly. Our dogs love it here and we will definately be returning! Absolutely recommendable place for your four legged best friend!!thank you
Had a terrific lunch of sushi.  The lunch special came with soup and salad.  Order the crazy plate that consist of four pieces of each spicy crab, salmon and tuna.  The place is really nicely decorated and clean.  Our waitress was very sweet even gave us these delicious cookies.   Will definitely be back.
Waited over 10 minutes for a toasted bagel. Finally had to ask for it. It was cold and nobody cared or apologized. The excuse was someone was in break.  Won't return for awhile
Thanks so much Mike and Jay.  You did a great job on my car.  I love it when I can refer a friend knowing that they will receive exceptional service.  You guys are so professional and do such a great job explaining all of my options.  As soon as I purchase my home, I will have you do my residential windows also.
We had an excellent meal at Tomaso's.  Nice atmosphere and pleasant waiter.  We had a \"light meal\".... Caeser salad followed by pasta (carbonara and special) and great Tuscan wine.  \nWe avoided the valets and found a space in the parking lot.
The venue is small is my only complaint. Otherwise it was great. Music was good minus techno thrown in. People were friendly. Bartenders great. I was pleasantly surprised especially reading other reviews.
Was a fun place to get my dance out.\nNow it's closed. \nBummer.
The atmosphere was really nice but I was not to thrilled about the food. I thought it was over priced. The service was good.
Best pub in Vegas. Get the Ruben if you don't mind some cream in your jeans.
My boyfriend and I eat here almost every week. The service is fantastic and the prices are great. The sesame chicken and crab angels are our favorite! We rarely order anything else off of the menu, so I cannot vouch for all of their dishes. We recommend it to everyone!
Dad went olive garden and got take out. They forgot his and offered to send him a $10 gift card as an apology. He instead kind of the gift card sent to me,( a college student in Reno). They were so sweet and wrote me a letter with the gift card.\n\nSuch sweet people and great customer service.
One of my late night stop when I stay out in blue diamond area!
Met some friends here one night who frequent the place. It's a great dive bar with good food and a great prices. \n\nBreakfast is great and good music.
Oregano's, you are vile, and I am baffled by your crowds of followers who seem willing to loiter about in 115 degree heat for over an hour for you. Everything tastes as if someone had an accident with the salt shaker in the kitchen. Bland, boring, and dehydrating. No thanks.
The food was ok, not the best I've had in Las Vegas.  Service was ok, they were making fun of my wife because she was white.  Overall disappointed.
It was just okay.  We've been to numerous Sushi restaurants in Charlotte, Davidson & Asheville, and this was probably our least favorite out of all of them.  It wasn't \"bad\"..just very boring.  We have another restaurant.com coupon from the Ayrsley restaurant so maybe that will be better.
I was very happy with the services provided by Scott at ifixsprinklers.com.  He completely replaced my irrigation system (front and back) replaced the valves and regulators.  His crew was on time, professional, courteous and went above and beyond what was expected.  I would definitely recommend this company to friends and family.
Very good food at an awesome price.  Very creative menu featuring southwestern flavors in your casual menu offerings.  The tuna nachos and mushroom quesadilla were wonderful appetizers.  The chile burger and pork sandwiches were exceptional. All in all a wonderful lunch experience.
Very good thin crust pizza, but at $4.50-$7.00 per slice its expensive fast food. Its worth it if you have been wining at the casinos but a bit hard to justify on a tight budget.
I went with my wife and two year old and the service was quick and friendly! I wold recommend this place to anyone who loves breakfast items as much a we do. Best pancakes!.
Hate this place
1. Closes at 2am\n2. $6.50 beers?!\n3. No cigars allowed \n\nDEAD TO ME :-)
Even with a 50% groupon.....not worth it.  so many other Froyo places nearby.
I am very disappointed in my purchase. Low quality and over priced. They prey on people who cannot get credit elsewhere. Do not shop at Conns.
Do not use printing services. I had to explain what I wanted 3 separate times and the staff confirmed that they understand and have all the information needed each time. they still messed it up anyway! despite their mistake, the staff was still rude and ignorant. they seriously need some customer service training!
I recommend this place Kuba helped and notified me the tune up that is recommended for my car. I felt a bit untrust worthy at first since when I go to shops they want to charge a arm and a leg but not at this place. The price was fair. Check out this place and any question Kuba does not hesitate to answer questions
Food was amazing with big portions! I got the seafood linguine and it was the best! My husband and cousin got the chicken parmesan...they said it was great except the cheese was a little salty. This is not really a kid friendly place.
They are closed. New restaurant is Terrace Cafe and it's amazing. Welcome to the hood.
Straight up Charlotte royalty right here. \nGreat food. Cool people.  Plaza Midwood icon.\n\nGet the collards!
tastes like the honey pig in LA.\nit's really busy and the kbbq was nothing special.\nI wish the fried rice was less soggy and more crispy.
Very pleasant ambiance. I did'nt care much about the food but maybe it was what I ordered
Rude staff, made us feel incredibly unwelcomed. The woman at the front desk made it apparent to state,  \"They can go somewhere else.\" And we did.  To The Little White Chapel.  We had an amazing experience.  I'm so glad we ventured elsewhere.
Pretty good bagels for Arizona.  Definitely remind me of New York bagels.
Uugh....where do I start?! I took my truck in for a wash and it seemed that I could have done a better job myself. Tires still a mess, carpet still had a lot of debris left and the cashier was not friendly at all.
I've been here twice and not impressed - seems highly overrated. The view is nice from the patio and it is right next to the canal - also the barking bar is cute. I would go back after biking along the canal for a quick beer but that's about it.
I thought it was going to be bigger, so I went out of my way to check it out but the selection is not much more than Nakata's which is closer for me.  The staff also isn't as friendly, though the bento selection is great!
I had the tonkatsu ramen and loved it. It wasn't too salty, IMO. The service was prompt and very friendly and  the bathroom was clean and nicely decorated (see photo).
The food is more for looks. It's great for taking pictures and adding to Facebook, but the food lacks sooooo much flavor.
It was just ok. Clearly workers didn't want to be there at 9am on Sunday. Very funky.  Tons of toys for little kids which would be nice if I had em. Got ET bagel with cream cheese. Not impressed.
This place has the best salsa and great prices! it is made fresh every day and can't beat it!!
New owner don't waste ur money:(
Food is fabulous, great selection, staff are a dream and the manager attentive!  Can't go wrong here!
First time at T. Cooks for brunch was amazing. Rebecca was great, we will definitely go back to see her and enjoy the food!
If you're looking for a lunch salad/Sandwich, this place is great.  Not too busy, but that's good because it's very quaint.  The roost beef and bluecheese sandwich will fill your stomach and the cookie side is a nice treat.
Ryan is an amazing personal trainer who will bring everything to you and give you a serious full body work out. He helped me plan my meals and prepare for the miss AZ USA pageant. I highly recommend the get fit group to anyone looking to improve their overall health and wellness.
Very nice meat market, bakery and grocery.  Wide selection for all your Mexican cooking needs and also a hot deli counter with carnitas, birria, etc. hot and ready to go.  No english spoken but super friendly and helpful for non-Spanish speakers. Recommended.
Always make sure to have them repeat your order in the drive thru. They always mess up my order and I end up having to drive back to get it replaced. How do they stay in business like this?
Take your elementary-aged children for a short day-trip.
Impressive! I like the seating in the back, the bar and bartenders are great, menu looked great, can't wait to try it sometime!
Awesome sandwiches, very affordable. We came here for a quick lunch and it was pretty damn good. It's kind of a food court atmosphere which i didn't care for but, if your just looking for an affordable meal or lunch on the vegas strip this place is great.
Wonderful dinner here! Service is great and I would return. They use really fresh ingredients and it shows in the taste.
Decent food. I went during lunch time. I'd definately go again.
Absolutely the rudest salesman I have ever encountered. Don't bother giving him your business; He'll just make fun of you if he thinks you're out of earshot.
July 26, 2014...first time here, awesome food, great server, cold coronas! We were a party of 6 and they took excellent care of us. Great time and a great location in the bottom of Epicenter.
Awesome service. Customer service was great. Lobby was very clean and comfortable and quiet. Service was fast. I was able to get in and out in 10-15 minutes and made this errand so quick and easy.\n\nI got the 24.99 value oil change.
Bon mais prix \u00e9lev\u00e9 pour une Poutine.  Par contre, grosse portion et plusieurs s\u00e9lections de Poutine.
Ended up here after epic failure at Via Brazil. Great burger, Cold beer, Onion rings cant be beat and service was incredible.
Left them a message to make an appointment--no return call. Went to the Tempe office instead, which was awesome!
Great and honest service. The guys were kind and straightforward, letting me know all that i needed in order to make decisions about my car.  Reasonably priced and quick service (considering my car was towed during a winter morning).  Thankful they were so close!!
They put so much cream cheese on the bagel that you can barely taste the bagel. And I'm okay with that.
This place is GREAT! So thorough. They're definitely good at what they do. They double check everything. I trust them with my '10 challenger and my fiance's '14 charger. I recommend this place to everyone I know.
I came here for a night out with my husband and we really enjoyed ourselves.  I was a bit disappointed with the patio as I heard it was amazing but I would disagree.  We ate upstairs in a nice booth.  Great food, great service.  Can't really ask for more.  But it is a bit expensive for what you get.
I absolutely love this place and desire to eat every meal I can hear because it is so healthy and the juice bar is phenomenal.!.
We are coffee lovers and usually try to find good in all coffee places. We found nothing good here that would allow us to return. The service was just okay. The coffee tasted very bad and we were not happy.
The food here is excellent but the 50 cent transaction fee for credit card is ridiculous.
Love the food. Service is always great and the kids love going for the cookies at the end of the meal. Only drawback is it takes awhile to get your food but it is well worth the wait. Highly recommend.
My favorite show in Las Vegas. Ditch the formalities and actually enjoy a fun show. Money well spent!
Not just the best brisket in the valley but the best I've ever had
WOW is all I have to say the food the atmosphere is outstanding, the service excellent, wait staff first rate, the food there is something for everybody... We will be going back.. The ceder plank salmon melted in my mouth, by far the best salmon I have ever had.
great fresh food! huge egg roll! i would recommend this place to anyone! i get the kung pow and sweet sour chicken both are great!
This place would be awesome possum to go to when ur in town. I love how its nice and colorful inside . The workers there are nice and friendly with good service. The price are well priced . I would totally come here again.
So after 15 years having the best bloody marys around you changed your mix.  The watered down tomato juice out of the gun was horrible.  Drinks use to be good and over priced now they are horrible and over priced.  Won't be enjoying a cocktail here anymore.
Im disappointed on this buffet, nothing special If your a tourist and looking for an amazing buffet go to M buffet please.
Love. Love. Love this place everytime I am in AZ it is a must. Great food and service.  The wings and pizza are amAZing...from thin crust to deep dish. Go early.
This is your typical average chinese restaurant.  Low quality ingredients creating ehh food, but it's not the worst chinese food.  If you're looking for a quick lunch place downtown, they get five stars.  But the Subway next door would be better.
Best damn Tea/Smoothie shop period. Great customer service! Love this place! I visit at least ounce a week if I can. Prices are comparable to Starbucks but to me well well worth it!
Not happy at all with the speed or quality of the service. Very unprofessional employees with no sense of urgency or customer service skills.
Always liked this place. This branch had more soup varieties than others.
Their fresh pressed coffee is really good.
I really wish that they could come up with something new and exciting. Once I saw the first Cirque show, all the others are just...boring. I guess it's true when they say, you've seen one, you've seen them all. Except...the sand painting was great! And innovative.
This place has the best pizza in Pittsburgh, delicious drinks ( always ask about the daily homemade soda ) and its a beautiful restaurant in general. I love to go here with friends and family because it's a unique dining experience. I recently moved and truely miss this place.
The hot roast beef was good. The price was cheap but so was the service. After seated we waited five minutes and when the the waiter greeted us he said, \"are you ready\".  He acted like he had been waiting for us.
One of the best Thai restaurant in town. Must try the yellow curry chicken,curry  panang, and mostly the pad Thai!!!! Even the service is very good and friendly.
Very impressed! I like the ambiance, the service, the food... Everything!
Service was decent but food was horrible. My wife and daughter had the sea bass and couldn't finish it. Bringing it home it stunk so bad it had to be thrown out immediately. Even the cat's wouldn't eat it ! This was my second and final visit, being disappointed both times.
The only reason i don't give it 5 stars is the bar, it's just not as good as the restaurant. The restaurant is awesome and that's an understatement!! Great food, great service, UNDER priced!!!! This is my go to spot, love the lakes!!!
Fantastic food, atmosphere, and staff. We had amazing service through our entire visit and the food and drinks were wonderful. A great place to visit for date night before heading over to FilmBar to catch a flick.
Typical Waffle House food. This place is cold as fuck! The AC is cranked and it's like sitting in a damn ice box. The music is also playing way too loud!
Gangland style atmosphere as teenagers run around the restaurant screaming at each other and acting like small children. Management has no control over these teenagers. Even witnessed several teenagers pull guns on some guy on the drive thru. Got in my car and drove away quickly. Visit at your own risk.
Ordered a pizza to be delivered. $13.50. The delivery guy shows up, I give him a $20. The smart ass arrogant jerk asked me if I needed change. He got a .50 cent tip. Will not be ordering from them again. Too many other places where I can get a pizza.
The line-up late in the day was over an hour and the staff seemed unorganized.
Don't understand the hype about this place. Went in today only to be disappointed.  Nothing spectacular.
We visited the gallery for the recently concluded exhibit:  Paining Women.  The exhibit included works on loan from MOFA in Boston with Mary Cassatt, Georgia O'Keeffe and Berthe Morisot being the featured artists. It is was an interesting exhibit, but hardly among the best we have seen at this gallery.
Their happy hour prices are amazing for wines! We had the half sandwiches with soup and it was really fresh and light. Okay service but the atmosphere is so easy and comfortable!
Just ok. I got the food to go and I thought it was very over priced for what we got. Don't think I'll go back. :(
Always great food and the best beer selection in town. Prices are a little high. Town square is great. This is a great place to watch a game or have beers and eat. Excellent quality and always excellent!!
Closed.... obviously put more effort into cashing in a prime real estate than improving the service and food.  Sad... very sad indeed.
Nice employees, nice setup, nice prices, and best of all....nice work!  Convenient online booking which I love.
Went for a quick lunch. Wings are fantastic, totts with cheese sauce, and Brandon with ridiculously fantastic service...... Really what else can you ask for. \n\nThanks again Brandon
Better than McDonalds but nothing to write home about. I agree with other reviews the chili reminds of something from a middle school cafeteria. The people seem nice and the place is clean, always a plus on Boulder Hwy..
Favourite breakfast spot, nice atmosphere and good food. Not pricey either.
Great place friendly people just down to earth folks. So if you want to stay away from the strip this is the perfect place to go
The food here is pretty standard I think. I ordered few spicy dishes and seafood seems to be fresh. The price is reasonable and sometime I go there when I want a quieter environment for dinner.
Stopped in to get a birthday gift. The store was clean and the cashiers very friendly. I loved how huge this location was.\nThey have some pretty good deals on food too.\nLots of other shopping in this parking lot too.
I'm back :) it's been so long.. I had a good sweat out  :) I love how there is many classes and you can never get bored on one specific class.! Go Boot Camp Kettle Bells and Venus 60!!
I love Donna and her staff...my pets are always well taken care of..im moving and im so sad to have to find another place I love and trust!
No one does red velvet pancakes like BabyStacks! No one..........the Kalua Pork Benedict is also quite delicious.\n \nNow that they Have two locations it really cuts down the wait  \n\nI would eat here every week if i lived in Vegas.
I have to give it to them, they have the most delicious pasteries and breads! The only bad thing is the customer service, or lack therof. Everytime I have gone in the people behind the counter look and act miserable. Good thing their food is so amazing or I would never go back.
Waiter sucks ass. Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small. Two meals cost us around $40 and we left hungry. The best part of the meal was the FREE bread, that's about it. This place sucks when it comes to customer service. Took us 30 minutes to order. Fuck this place.
Great food and the service is always GREAT, however it is a bit pricey. Maybe not the best place for kids
I'm 1.8mi away and the and the crybabies would not deliver to bad I went to firehouse sub instead
I will not even try this place due to them putting flyers on my door more than once after I have told them to stop. They tape it over the lock so I cant get in without moving it.
A big black Cockaroach ran across the the counter when we were placing our order. we stop the order and went to Jack in the Box down the street.  I would not go back!  Stay away!
How is this buffet still up and running?! The first time I came here the food was bleh. I just came here for lunch and food has gotten worse. I ended up throwing away what I had on my plate. That was a waste of $10!!!!!
Don't even waste your time, food quality poor, we had high hopes for this place but what a disappointment.  We took one bite and headed for the trash!  Pei Wei blows this place away.  The only good feedback I can give is the restaurant was clean...
Whatever it is another night club for kids.  Yes these are 20-something Bud Light drinkers and there are fights and the floors are sticky.  Music is usually the latest pop stuff on the radio.  You get the idea.  So if you are in the mood for exactly this kind of thing then you know what you are getting yourself into here!  :-D
Messed up the order and then proceeded to tell me that it was my fault. Apparently almond chicken sounds like orange chicken and she said I was lying. Okay! Yah I lied about what I ordered! Horrible customer service and the \"orange chicken\" I supposedly ordered was soggy and disgusting.
Since my review back in June, the family and I have been a frequent customer on Sunday's after church. We have always enjoyed having breakfast here, never having any kind of complaint! This place at times can be busy, but overall it's a must place to visit!!!
The food was great the only bad thing is the line
I used a Groupon to try this place, and I went during lunch.  I wasn't disappointed.  I wasn't wow'd, but it was definitely good, and the staff was friendly and reasonable with regard to time.  I would go back.
Cold soup and noodles for pho ha ( Chicken Noodle Soup) plus the egg rolls gave after the payment waiting too long for this food never happen like this before in the past I'm sad and disappointed
Herb N' Legend has everything! All their products are good quality and they carry a variety of kratom. One of the best things about this shop is that they are open on sundays until 11pm! I will definitely be going back.
Place was pretty good. Not the best sushi I've ever had bit also not the worst
Meh.  Had the filet and it was a little bland.  My salmon was very fishy.
I was so excited to spot this place on my trip in Vegas and entered hoping for some authentic Taiwanese breakfast. The food was cheap and the servers very polite. I had a fantuan with a bowl of rice drink (mijian). The portions were rather small and the taste underwhelming.
Did have high expectations about this place. Props for the awesome setup with the gaming tables & playboy dealers once you walk in. Definitely were easy on the eyes. The crowd was small and was more of a lounge atmosphere. Not too bad as a lounge but don't expect a \"Club\" atmosphere.
I stumbled upon Lorenzo's on a recent trip to Scottsdale. I was pleasantly surprised at finding NY style pizza. I was raised in New Jersey so I know good pizza when I taste it.
Ordered a mini chicken Katsu to go and what a disappointment.  It was a mini of a mini plate.  not worth the exuberant price you charge your customers.  better places around town that gives more.
The restaurant was empty when we went.  It was kind of cool, felt like I reserved the whole restaurant for me and my lady.  \n\nI am giving this place 2 stars because the food was OK.  But the place looks dirty and there was a roach crawling on my seat.
This is the grocery store right down the street from my house.  It's ok.  It has whatever I need most of the time.
Great location! Small but convenient and usually really quick. The coffee is better than Starbucks but the frozen drinks are not the best. Definitely won't go there if I'm looking for something iced.
Want a nice spot to have good food and great ambiance.  Visit this cafe.   Eaten there several times.        Great experience.
Ugh. Food was not impressive, service was MUCH less than stellar. Rude, actually. If I spend $40 for one person, I expect better. Of our group of 5, 2 of us enjoyed our meals and 0 of us enjoyed our service.
delicious and fresh. one of the best restaurants I've found in the Dobson Ranch area
Great beer selection but way way way too expensive. $15 for two beers? Save your money and go elsewhere.
We ate there last night with our friends, and we loved everything.  Without getting into specifics, some highlights were the Short rib Angolotti and the Raviolini. The tomato basil pasta is not to be missed. Service was excellent as was the ambiance. This place is not to be missed.
Not too bad for your little around the corner neighborhood sushi spot. Been here more than a few times. Good for something quick, but I've had better. Great service though. Can get pretty slammed with families and babies... it is a neighborhood spot!
This is a sad place. The dolphins are in tiny pools, and I just left sad and depressed. I'm sorry I ever came.
My husband, daughters, and I all loved the food. I could not believe my picky eatter even had 2nds. NO MSG at all and the food doesn't need it. Still had lots of left overs but I can't wait to go back.
Not a fan, but I keep coming back due to old habits.... The previous coffee shop in this location was excellent. This one has mediocre coffee and a very slow internet connection. Not a good combo if you want non-grumpy customers.
Guess what...CLOSED! This property must be cursed! This is the 4th restaurant to bite the dust here and probably the fastest.
MaidPro cleaned my home earlier this month.  I was totally impressed.  The crew was efficient, thorough, professional and friendly,  I would heartily recommend them to anyone.  Outstanding!
Un classique avec ses nombreux desserts. \u00c0 l'occasion, j'aime bien terminer un repas \u00e0 cet endroit.
This place has tasty food, great drinks, cool atmosphere, and inviting people. Who   could ask for more. ENJOY!
Too loud.  Nuff said....just pass the Excedrin.
At Treasures they probably have 4 girls to every guy who enters the door.  So the funny thing is you'll probably never see the same girl twice.  Problem is they're really just all working so they won't hang with you if you don't get them a $20 for a lapdance quickly.
Well decided to try a new restaurant so we swung into Nacho Daddy.  The people that greet you are friendly but the waitress was down right rude.  I guess its wrong to ask for the toppings on the side.  Dieters beware.  I hope the cook does better.  Chances are I will never return.
Outstanding as always.   There's always a line here,  and it's  obvious why once you get your meal. I've been coming here for 20 years.
Words just can't describe Peppi's.... just great food all around.
In for service, I was very happy to get the reminder call.  Work was done efficiently and very quickly.  My experiences have always been good!
Things always taste better when you're not paying for it but nonetheless, the three or four business dinners I have had at SW Steakhouse have been great experiences.  Food and service is top notch and warrants their price points.  Going to celebrate anniversary dinner here this year ...
Moved here from NY 5 years ago and this is GREAT Chinese Food.  Even made me Shrip with Lobster Sauce NY Style with peas and white sauce.  Will definately be back for more.
Awesome place to get $2 tacos and $2 margaritas on the strip.
The picture of a stacked cheesesteak sandwich on the wall is a bait and switch. When i got my sandwich the amount of meat was a joke. I complained to deaf ears.\nThis was my last trip to Charleys. Go to Luke's of Chicago, get the combo. Its worth the money and delicious
If you like average to less than average food that is far too expensive - this is your place.
This one is ok. I have learned over the years to always check my order in the drive thru no matter what place it is. I realize fast food is a starter job, (hey I worked at Pizza Hut), but the \"kids\" that work here need a punch in the mouth or a firing. Or both.
Stay away from the Serene location unless you like extremely rude employees. I wish I had read the other reviews before I went there for jewelry repair. Do yourself a favor, go to another jewelry store even if it is much further away.
Amazing Happy Hour!
I had to bump up my rating due to a manager contacting me and apologizing for my experience.  I appreciate the fact that businesses really do care about their customers and the service they receive.  That is a rare find these days.
why does our theater keep getting bought out by all these shitty companies? amc or harkins please buy this theater in surprise, we beg of you!
Ive been here before but we came on national donut day and the line wasn't too bad but they ran out of donuts really early so we  our free doughnut and only bought a few others because they didn't have that much of a choice at 830-9am. \nOne of the best donuts you can get
I'm giving three stars because the treadmill in the fitness center did not work nor did the high speed internet in my room. But, thanks for having a sleep mask and ear plugs. My roommates were serious snorers! The lavender sheet spray was also a plus.
I love this store... they are small but they have quality meats, veggies, fruit... There food is very fresh and the single pre-cooked dishes that they offer are inexpensive as well as healthy... If your looking for different foods as well as a few regular items, this is the store for you.
Rather pricey.  They would do better if their food wasn't just bland.  Oh well, it was just ok.
Excellent Polish food. Delicious borscht and the lightest pierogies I have ever had. The place is small so you may need a reservation.
This location has been awful compared to my experiences with the one down the street, closer to Eastern & Serene. My order is always wrong or incomplete at this location. It's sub par & that being its fast food, it's just gross/indelible. Don't bother!
Their rotating beer selection is legit. A staple year round selection is the McLovin
Bad service, no knowledge of the menu, and the meat on the pizza had freezer burn. Good for a chain, but not the gourmet experience they strive for.
My team had a great dinner here one night. The atmosphere and the service were both extremely pleasant. \n\nThe meatballs that we shared as an appetizer were enough for 3 people to get a good taste. My toasted ravioli (a heavy dish, to be sure) was very filling and satisfying.
Fantastic is all I can say.  I drove 20 minutes for this and I will do it again. Linh,  thank you. Doesn't get better.
I have eaten here several times and have never been disappointed.  The BLT is so good; especially since they use pork belly bacon!  I love the chips and salsa and their different salads are wonderful.  Plus, the prices are very reasonable.
I love Cielo! No other salon in Vegas / Henderson has ever done as good of a job on my hair. Penny is the best! The salon always has great specials on spa services too.
I'm not sure how old the hotel is, but it seems dated. The carpet in the hallway is wrinkled, there wasn't any grout around the bath spout.  I waited in line 25 minutes to check in. \n\nThe price was reasonable.
I always forget to go to Tempes hidden Gem.  I love this place great wine very nice atmosphere.  The pizza are made right in front of you if you are sitting at the bar, fired up in a Brick oven. Great food will continue to go again and again...
Average food, poor ambience being a bit cramped. The only positive is the dynamic part of downtown this is located in.
Yes! Ahhhhh love shawarma! Had the lamb beef shawarma sandwich. If you want to know what the wraps are like in the middle east and Greece then come here. Food is authentic. No gyro meat here yuck! Just layers of lamb and beef cooked on a spit.
Swake LV is the real deal. They will make your Vegas experience one that you will never forget (or remember, lol) Highly recommend them!
Got a massage and facial with Beth...she was professional and did a great job. The massage especially really relaxed me and worked out my knots. There is some noises here and there from hairdressers talking loud since it is located in a salon, but you are in a private room so its not too bad.
So disappointed..... Ever since the new management took over. The employees attitude is so negative. Food isn't as good as it used to be either.
The best meat.  Prime beef.  Impossible to screw up the prime ribeye on the grill.  It is the best steak I've ever eaten, every time I eat it.  Try a twice-baked potato as well.
Really the only spot in the area, but that doesn't take away from the quality.  Get the daily special and you can't go wrong.
Don't know if it was because I came later in the day, but I bought three cronuts and they basically fell apart when I bit into any of then. They fell apart because they were super hard and crunchy! The Bavarian cream filling had the consistency of a soft jello, um what??
This was my third time and probably last . The service was terrible. No particular server assigned so therefore no one to check on us. Our dirty dishes from lunch were still on the table when ice cream soda dessert arrived. \n\nI guess management did not anticipate being busy the Sunday during memorial weekend.
Good food but could be spicier. Just dumping on the sriracha and sambar Orleans isn't what I was looking for. \n\nIt's good and not expensive, so go for it.
I like this place. It's quiet and not crowded so I can use their Wi-Fi and get work done. Good coffee, good treats.
They are happy not to help. I would stay away unless you want your things to go missing. Steve the manager has no clue.
A8 China is like the lowest on the totem pole when it comes to Chinese Food. The fried rice wasn't even fried, I mean WTF? That's SO false advertising! The food wasn't even good!! STAY AWAY!
Don't come here if u need any documents with immigration . they lost my paperwork and take them 3 weeks to get everything done . should only take 2days
Visiting Scottsdale from out of state and looked for a place for breakfast near our condo. Lived up to it's reviews. Great food, fast service, good prices. Loved their chorizo omelette and rosemary potatoes were fantastic. Not too much rosemary and just the right amount of garlic.
Excellent beef with Broccoli!  Will be back
I was dreading the trip, but turned out better than I expected. I already had my driver's photo card in hand and just needed to get my picture taken. Wan't too busy on a Saturday afternoon.  The lot has free parking which was convenient.
This is by far one of the best pools ever.  The Beach was really big and there were plenty of chairs on the sand.  The wave pool was so nice and fun.  We had a fantastic time!!  They provide nice and thick towels for your convenient.  You have to bring your room key to enter so don't forget it! :)
This restaurant charge for the service 20% for the gratuity 6people or more.It is against the Law?Anybody know?
It does the job. A cool little neighborhood spot  when you're in a pinch and don't wanna go all the way to lvac or fight the crowds. Great price too. \"Dont be a lunk head.\" I like the massage chair after a hard work out. Worth checking out.
Came here because Cooperstown was closed. Got a seat quick, sat for 20 minutes and not 1 damn waitress, with 2 or 3 walking around, came to our table. We just got up and left. For a place supposedly owned by a former Phoenix Sun, it lacks to impress... would rate it no stars if I could.
After we were seated our waiter never came. We had to ask another waiter after 20 mins to get our drinks. We ordered our food and waited 45 mins! The eggs were cold and hash browns not cooked. Dana was our server and she was just terrible! Worst Denny's ever!!!
I needed a baguette to go along with a stew I had made, and this place held one for me until I could come to get it later that day. I appreciated that to the highest.
Eh. If you're at the ice den - no harm, no foul. Otherwise - limited menu, over priced,average execution; if these are scratch made fresh cut fries - someone forgot to add the flavor. There are many other sports bars nearby that do it better.
Open for Lunch.  It's very clean.  The decor is fun....ie the VW bus, old bucket chairs in the waiting area.  But I wouldn't call it a Mexican or even Tex-Mex.  They didn't serve carnitas (or any pork item).  That's just wrong!
I wish I could give this place more stars but- like everyone says its over price, slow service and the food is only ok. You are better off going to the Starbucks in the hotel and getting a muffin.
A-MAZA-INGGGG.  We had a work dinner so we had tons of small plates and every single this was great.
In the past 6 months since I've been eating healthy and losing weight (119 pounds)  Pita Jungle has become my go to place for outstanding healthy food. I usually go to the restaurants in Scottsdale and the food and service have been delightfully consistent at both restaurants. If you like good healthy food, this is the place for you!
The food here is fantastic, especially the sushi, but the service is spotty. I've gone and gotten great service and I've gone and sat unwaited on for so long that the hostess noticed and came and took our order.
Everytime I am in LV, I must eat at least one meal at N9NE.  The Rib Eye is to die for.  This is a great place to grab a drink or have a terrific dinner.
2 Stars.  Every dish is so-so at best. \"More\" at Luxor is better and is half the price. However, if you have the need to spend lots of money, go to Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan.
I actually walked in and two people walked in after me and the counter associates ignored me and helped them first... I'm not sure when or if I will return! But the food is great
If you have easy task, like oil change, brake service, and any other minor services, this is the place to go to.  They also have coupons on line to save you few bucks.  If you need to do major services, you should probably find more professional places or go back to your dealers.
Open till 2am... $28 for all you can eat sushi....with a variety of other menu items.  Fresh fish, great shrimp tempura, yummy udon noodles.....come hungry!! The sushi chef makes it even more entertaining!  Great place for a late sushi dinner!
Several steps up from Fort McDowell, several steps down from Talking Stick.
Mediocre pizza, decent service, and bad pasta. Disappointed because this was my cheat meal for the week and I was looking forward to eating carbs all week. Baked pasta was boring and the chicken on it was flavorless and dry.
Beautiful colors and clothing and good value, but poor selection of XL and waist over 38.  If you're a skinny gent or lady, this is the store for you.  I guess \"the good life\" according to Bahama has no room for eating well ;)
Breakfast was cheap and decent I didn't have any drinks here so I cant rate that. Not one of the best places for a quick bite to eat but it will do the trick.
good job.very professional
Dipping strawberries is definitely an art ;)\nVictoria was the one who made my white chocolate stawberries, and man, did my mouth get a sensation! Hahaha.\nThe employees in Godiva at the time (~3:15pm, New Years) is also a lively and joyful staff!
Great for drinks after a long day of meetings and in the morning the breakfast  offers traditional morning fare with speedy service. \nO\nI recommend the duck confi eggs Benedict or the croque madam.
This place was below average. Specializing in breakfast, I'd think it would have been better. Denny's is a better alternative.
Always a nice staycation!
We didn't actually eat here, but we stopped by for a few drinks while walking along the strip. It was fun. Especially if you're a jimmy fan or a fan of island themes. Decorations are nice and drinks are priced well for Vegas. Good atmosphere and a lot of fun.
Almost 2 hours for delivery...live less than 2 miles away.  Placed on hold when calling to confirm and stayed there for over 10 minutes only to have to call back. Calling this time to cancel order.
This theatre is very interesting. The staff is very nice and helpful, but I only can give the establishment 3 stars due to the layout, as well as the outdated decor.\n\nThis theatre could use a bit of a facelift.
Have been here multiple times in hopes they get better but they don't. 3 out of 3 times messed my order up. Unfortunately they are closest Einstein's to me so in stuck. I have been to others and they are much faster and don't tend to mess up orders quite like this location.
Two years in a row, and the food was equally fantastic both times!  I recommend the crawfish or shrimp in their special mixed sauce.  Also, be careful, don't go any higher than the medium spice level or you will sweat to death.  This place is so good that it falls into one of my top three reasons to visit Vegas!
Great value.  This location is actually located in Pineville, NC.  However, the map is correct.  :). Extensive menu.  Most will find something they like.
Hillside is missing a couple things. Outside music and attentive service. Two things that make sitting on the patio on a Sunday, much, much better.\nGood service is a concious choice.
It was an okay experience. It was a bit weird when they tried to serve me a sample. I like getting the samples myself. Don't know if they were trying to up the customer service or keep from wasting yogurt... either way it was awkward.
The staff is always extremely courteous and helpful. They truly want you to understand what you're purchasing and to feel comfortable with your purchase. The lifetime warranty, cleaning and sizing of your jewelry is just another great perk! I won't shop another jewelry store after the service and quality I received from Shane Co. The best!
Great service and decent food, however not comparable to Joe's. The 4 stars is really just for the great service. The salad was over dressed, popovers were a bit on the salty side. The highlight of the meal was the liver mousse with jam....
I'm frustrated at the overpromotion of this place. The meat is extremely salty and not nearly as good as other BBQ in this town, and this is a bad town for BBQ. The place is no bargain, and I'm not a fan of overly tattoed and botoxed servers.
An absolutely amazing show!   The stage is alive!  The acts and performers are amazing!  This is a must see when you are in Vegas!  I can't wait to see it again!
First time visit, many options to choose from and the food was delicious! Very friendly staff, a family friendly causal dining place when you want a good pasta meal.
Place is very good upscale Mexican. I recommend the fish tacos or one of the tamales.
Had the Cowboy Burger it was ok the staff was ok I will have to go again in order to give a good review.
Mccaran Airport  Las Vegas customer service was amazing...  we rented a van for 2 days and exchanged for a compact they were so nice and accommodating when I had to extend another couple days.  I definitely recommend Enterprise!
Love this place. Went there to get ingredients for tamales but much more is offered under this roof. New shoes? Eyebrow waxing? Cell service? That egg/hot dog breakfast burrito? Look no further. Authentic south of the border Mexican feel.
All these reviews but it's almost 11 and there still not open or are they answering phones smh
Drive thur lady was very rude! I'm in the service biz and she is not friendly! Make your voice smile sweetie:)
Good sashimi a bit high priced how ever all the fish I had was fresh and well served.  I have been three times and each time had a good experience.
Great place to go if you want to stand around like sardines in a can, getting your drink spilled all over you. \n\nI would suggest venturing in if only to watch all the drunk chicks pass out in that hanging swing though.
Really enjoyed my first visit. I will spend my money here again. I had the ribs, crab soup, house cut chips w/ pimento cheese, sweet potato mash and salad. Everything was VERY good. I will be going back and bringing friends and family with me.
Great food and coffee! My favorite is just the good old fashion veggie burger. This is a good place to study, but kind of awkwardly quiet if you want to meet someone for lunch. I usually try to find a spot outside to avoid the quiet awkward conversation.
I recommend this place for basic facials,  but stay away for nails. It's def worth it to pay the extra money and go to a nail salon.
A really great place for friends and family with a variety of activities to do. Anywhere from go karting to mini golfing, they have a lot of fun activities for the children.
Good pizza!
This is terrible and over priced \"Mexican\" food.   But the waitresses are cute.  How do you screw up a quesadilla?  Overcook it and slather it in strangely mismatched sauces and forget to add cheese, that's how.  This place is trying way too hard.
Very nice experience. Food was excellent. \nPizzas were delicious. Favs mushroom, margarita. Chicken broccolini was bland. \nCalamari was awesome. Cesar was good too. Cobbler was delicious.
My first time to Glazers and what a nice experience!  Exceptional seafood and great prices on vegetables and wine.  Anthony was my cashier and was so informative and customer oriented.  I don't live close to Glazers but that's where I will do my shopping from now on.
Fairly large pub with a tiered, sprawling beer garden at the back. Service is very slow when busy; prices are not bad.
Great food and not pricey! Always try to get my girlfriend to take me when I'm visiting her
Nowhere on the website does it say the kitchen has a late night menu after 10 PM on a Saturday night...just the dinner menu until 1 AM is posted.  After a downtown event we went for dinner uptown and found a very abbreviated late night menu...and went back downtown.  Time to update your website!!!
one word is all that is needed for the food  at Jimmy's of chicago,  \"NO!\"\n\nService was OK but that was the only bright spot.
I had the prime rib. Yum. Be ready for a wait during popular hours. There's always a bar next to the restaurant to kill time.
Great prices, wonderful inventory, helpful sales staff.  You will always find an eclectic mix of furniture and some unusual pieces you won't find anywhere else. I bought a Cricket Bench here at a great price.  This is your best choice for used furniture in Pittsburgh.
Very unhelpful and not friendly when inquiring about LASIK. I would encourage looking for a different eye center.
As fas as Walgreens goes, this one ranks just barely above the location on 35th avenue and Camelback. The store is always a bit dirty looking. There is almost always only one cashier working and takes forever to get in and out of there. 3 stars because the pharmacy staff is really nice.
This place is great.  The waitress was very professional, friendly and helpful.  The cocktails are interesting and the food is wonderful.  The grilled arugula salad was really something.  I enjoyed the pork ravioli as well.
Great deals today.\nThis Old Navy is probably one of the cleanest stores you'll ever see it's always nice and clean and the staff is very helpful I'm sure if you ask them the may even dress you that's how friendly and helpful they are.
AWFUL service. Took an hour just until they could put our order in. We waited so long for our food we were barely hungry when it came. Not worth it.
Eh. Good at 2am and Burger Bar @ Mandalay is closed or too far away. Service was pretty good, but food wise you get what you pay for (Vegas wise)....good enough for late night munchies, but I won't be craving it on my next trip.
It is ok for what it is. I was just disappointed by all the hype. It was not worth the price of admission. They do serve some specialties that other buffets don't serve.
This was a 5, but last time I drove by, this was no longer Marco Polo...
Inside the Palms, so it's less crowded. When I want a decent sandwich and I'm in the area, I hit this up.
good food and service. Too expensive for the plate size
Absolute joke. 1hr check in. 40 people in line 3 agents on the busiest travel day!!!!
Have dined at numerous Thai restaurants and am a huge fan of thai food. Must say that the food here was average. Not a whole lot of choice. What ticked me off was when I found other meat when I had asked for chicken. Ambiance was very ordinary. Waitresses were polite though...
Open 24 hours!\n\nCombo special offer & happy hour:\nPackages: $6.99 & $9.99 \nMonday - Friday 4pm - 6pm: buy 1 get 1 50% \n\nI forget what I have.... update soon :)
I tried to call this place in order to get an estimate on how much it would cost to fix my phone screen. The first time they didnt answer, and a weird voicemail was played, and the second time I called a few minutes later my call was declined.
I wish I could give 0 stars, but Yelp won't let me. Sometimes no matter how much you may enjoy the food, the management is sickening. Stay away.
$1 burgers and $3 drafts will be missed.\nOther than that the place is good to watch the game and drink.\nThe tavern itself will be missed here in vegas
Sides are weak. Very weak. Rib tips have no meat. Pulled pork can be good, but never great. Hot links, nasty. It seemed like they just do not even touch their links on the grill, it seemed just boiled. Nasty....
Don't use MaidPro.  As Autie Em says in Wizard of Oz.....I'm dying to tell you what I thought of it.....and....well....being a christian woman, I can't say it!
We ate here once. The food was okay, but nothing too exciting. There are much better places to get waffles around Vegas.
Don't give your money to these crackheads. There is no charity, they hit the pipe all day.
I had mother's day brunch at Barrelhouse, and the food was excellent.  A new favorite eating spot for Chandler!
Had the ribs (pork) with a buddy.  They were good!  Easy enough to find - pretty popular place.  Good, not great.  Good enough for a quick BBQ fix!
You honestly cannot go wrong with any sandwich here. They are all delicious. I introduced my parents to this place and they are also addicted. A great spot to grab a lunch sandwich of any style. Definitely one of the better ( no pun) sandwich options in Charlotte.
Wow.rudest and dumbest people in Vegas.if I had a daughter is pay her NOT to take this. Not only was I embarrassed , hurt, and dumbfounded by their stupidity I was mad.I don't get mad. I wouldn't be paid to take this taxi again.I wish I could give zero stars
Worst Mexican food ever. The coffee was disgusting, it tasted like water. I have to admit that the guacamole was good though.  But other then that, I do not recommend this place at all. The price you pay is not worth the food they serve you. I'd rather pay $5 more to eat at a buffet!
Good place to grab a drink.
We usually come for the dinner buffet since it's the best deal. Depending on when you come there might be full hot dishes or dried up remains. Large selection and generally good quality and taste (when the pans are full and not picked through) but does vary some. \n\nService tends to be awful.
Love this place!  Salsas are excellent the beans could use a little something but other than that it's great!  Must try if you love tacos!
Better portions when it first opened.  Service seems contingent upon ordering high priced drinks.  Water drinkers ... good luck.
Overhyped!!! Overpriced!!!  Food was kinda cold and the BBQ chicken was pink inside. \"Raw\". The worst part is that the servings are too small. For being the best Thai food in Vegas, it's pretty weak. The service is not that bad though.
Great, cozy little place OFF Mill with great happy hour with both food & drink specials. Lots of tv's and all the sports packages.
One of the worst places I have been to since I have moved here. Our bartender paid attension to the TV than to her customers. The atmosphere was like being at a old folks home. Will never go back there.
Not a bad place to bring the kids.  Socks r\n$2 and if you come back with the socks the next visit, they give you a $1 discount
I stay here often for work. The TV network constantly goes out and has problems so don't get involved in a movie. Flimsy cheap pillows. Eat before you get there... Very very expensive to order service.
Great crust, sauce is pretty sweet, cheese is not the greatest. Overall just an ok pizza.
As airports go, Mccarren isnt up to par on making flyers comfortable.  The free Wifi barely works and the baggage claim and passanger pickup is always a nightmare.  I do not travel often, but i dread going to the airport because it really is that bad.
Like watching a train wreck in slow motion will definitely be going somewhere else for bagels from now on disappointing have been going there for years.  The eight day old cream cheese was a nice touch (yuck!)
Kind of a hassle. Stayed here for my buddy's bachelor party and when we checked in we got a single king bed instead of a double bed room which is what we really wanted. \n\nIt's a beautiful place to look at and the tech in the room is cool.
A great Vegas tradition... it helps that I love frozen custard.  Definitely worth a trip for tourists.
Simply put, This is the best Chinese-fare in the city.Served fast and hot by attentive Wait Staff.
Pizza is always amazing.  However whenever I order deliver it is always wrong.  Just wish they would pay more attention to the orders before the leave the store.  There is nothing more frustrating than waiting for 45 minutes for your food only to get what you didn't order.
Free WiFi!
Woke up at 5 am craving a burrito and came here since it is open 24 hrs.  The place was clean and the staff was very quick, friendly and knew what they where doing and doing it well. Had the steak and egg breakfast burrito and it was awesome!  This is my new favorite spot to eat!
Wack
Great movies, yummy pretzels. Plus, you are supporting a small, independent theater which should be important to you if you consider yourself a lover of films!
Service was terrible.  Wait was horrific even for Vegas.  The entire staff was very rude and we are experienced dinners from So. Cal.  We will never return here and we have eaten here before two separate times. I don't know what has happened here.  Couldn't recommend it. Fix your helps attitudes towards customers.
Had a great experience there the staff is great! Thanks!
It took a couple of weeks and another email, but I was contacted by the gym and I am happy with their attempt to correct the situation. Still no refund, but at least they acknowledged our position and tried to make things better.
If you have ever been to The Patterson House in Nashville, you will definitely be disappointed with this place. Drinks were way overpriced and tasted worse than drinks I have had at a college bar.
Horrible customer service, no return phone call or email.  Wanted to place an order, but never heard back.  Maybe it's a sign?  Won't recommend this place to anyone.  Ever..
I really like the convenience of drive thru Starbucks, but this one has a traditional vibe that makes me want to get out of my car. They are friendly and always get my drink right.
Pretty busy when we came but we didn't have to wait long. My gf ordered a coffee and said it tasted like crap so she asked for another one. The food was good and the same as other dim sum places I have been to in LA. Prices are reasonable also.
One star for not breaking a $100 bill if total is $20 bucks.
Does anyone read the responses from Patricia S. She apparently is an employee of the restaurant. Why support a restaurant that allows their employees to treat customers with such a bad attitude.  Gross.
How on earth do you have 40 customers waiting for service and 2 people attending the counter!!! I counted 12 employees and they were too busy getting ready to close to attend customers! I guess once you are famous why care about your fans or customers. Don't bother waiting!
The bartender, Eric, made some mighty impressive drinks (he gets five stars).  And the rest of the staff was super friendly and professional, which made for a fantastic dining experience.  The food was great but not exceptional for the price.
I haven't had the food but the agua frescas are amazing.  I had them two days in a row and would go back again and again and again.  The melon is amazing right now.  I went here in LA to get one at the farmers market and it didn't even compare.  I almost cried.
I called four cell phone repair companies to get quotes on repairing cracked glass on my Samsung Note II.  This company quoted $155. The others were all under $100.
It's good, it's good... They did some changes here and there but I still like it. It's for a different crowd. It's on the strip, it's cheaper than the rest, and the rooms are nice.
Very very good flavors. Family owned and operated. Gets a little hot during the evening as he sun is setting. I usually get the 2 chicken enchiladas and my wife has the veggie tacos. Top 3 Mexican food behind leticias.
The pizza was ok. The sauce was pretty sweet. The wait was 30-35 minutes but it was totally fine, we just sat outside and waited. The guy who was our server seemed a bit...off but he was prompt with service. Not sure if I'll go back.
Love getting my swole on here over any LVAC. The pec machine is always available here
We love this Snip Its! The friendly staff makes the place- my 5 year old loves the games, movies and the prize machine at the end! They always do a wonderful job and we've never had to wait long since they are staffed well all of the time. The products are wonderful too- Morning Miracle is my savior!
Great food! A lot of different appetizers were given. This restaurant follows a typical 3 course \"Italian\" dinner with an antipasto, primo and secundo. An antipasto and secundo complement each other well if you want to eat meat. Great food!!
Ed and his team did a great job. The price was fair and the quality of work was excellent.  Transformed my dirt backyard to a beautiful simple landscaped desert oasis.  I would highly recommend showready landscape to anyone.
Nicely done sandwiches.  Quizno's replacement.  Stay away from the dream bar (unless you like nightmares).
Nothing to this place, the food was alright, the serves was just ok and the band playing there was horrid, I don't see myself ever going back here ever!
Nothing special, really.  The prices were great, especially the $5 Sake Bomber special.  But overall, the food was just not sexy at all.
I really want to like this place but it was just as disappointing our second time around.  Service was very slow especially when we were only one of four tables.  The food is still bland and overcooked.  The oyster appetizer was gross.
Gross. There is nothing fresh about this place. I guess if you are looking for a place for drinks its ok, but when it comes to sushi, so not worth it. The service was pretty shoddy also. This has to have the worst sushi I've had in the area.
Prime Rib Special.\nIn a town where cheap food specials reign, but don't always live up to the sell, this was surprisingly delicious.  Moist, cooked perfectly. Comes with a trip to the salad bar and dessert too!
Good divey vibe. Good band playing. Shut their kitchen down an hour early, which sucks if you're like me - drunk and in need if food.
I live literally walking distance from this eatery. My husband and I decided to order a large pizza to go. ALMOST $30 for a large pizza?!?!? Are you kidding me? The pizza was good but nothing out of the ordinary....$5 Hot N Readys from now on....
the best in las vegas! i just love love love this place!
Amazing food and drink specials! The burgers are my personal favorite. Can't wait to try out the rest of the menu. Awesome service.
Ordered shrimp fried rice and pad Thai being African American I asked if which was more popular as Thai food is made different at every restaurant  the gentlemen in the front couldn't even answer the question
Went at sunset in time to walk one of the unlit trails, then did the main trail by lighted path. They also allowed us to observe a glass blowing class in session. I think it is the best botanical garden I've been to.
Charming spot! Love the atmosphere. Great service as well. Food was okay, nothing special but not bad. I guess I had high excpectations after reading all the amazing reviews.\nI also could not find wine I can drink. I am all about supporting AZ wines but not if they don't taste good...
I stopped in today and was pleasantly surprised by excellent service. I had a great Americano with a breakfast sandwich! I hope that this independent coffee shop survives!
Line is soooooo long.  Especially on the weekends.  They need more registers.  Staff tends to seem kind of burnt out all the time.  However, the atmosphere is great and the food is so fresh and delicious.  We love sitting outside under the big trees looking out on the farm.  It is kind of romantic and low key.
the steak and half and half always top quality. where did all the people go? to many palms?
This place is awesome on their grave shift! The bartender plays awesome music and always takes care of me! Awesome neighborhood bar
the food here is really tasty and the location is nice. the only thing that kept me from giving it a 5 star review was the really lackluster service I received from my server
Nice enough, but older hotel.  I feel that sometimes you can find a slightly nicer place for the same price.  Great Location; Great Staff; lots of extras at the resort to take advantage of.  I would go back.
Good happy hour and nice friendly staff. Nothing special about the place and the food is just ok.
Love the bar. the service is awesome!!!
A TON of candy ... nicely displayed. A little pricey but it's a specialty store in an internet age.
Very interesting casino. Especially the Lion Exhibit.
Good service. Food was good, but not great. Liked the little tacos.
Worst sonic ever.  Full of idiots. Every time I go here I get the same \"sorry for the wait\" and they mess up my order every visit.
My husband got food poisoning after eating the most expensive steak on the menu...but the view was great.
The beer was ok, nothing special! I think it has a good atmosphere. But really only seemed to focus on sweeter beers. \n\nGranted they were out of the blonde and anything else lighter. We will try them again another time and re-judge!
I can see their goal to put some Chinese elements into theater art. However, the customs really need to rework and the script and the entire choreography need some serious work as well. They literally wasted all the performers' talents and it is a pity.
So happy I found this place. Al is awesome, the donuts are very tasty and I can't wait until I try their burgers. The hours are convenient as well.
Great standby sandwich shop\nHot sandwiches make me a fan\nVery no-frills, fair prices reflect that.\nBread, meats, and cole slaw was all tasty\nI'll be back
Amazingly thorough bike fitting from Alan. Very impressed and really appreciate all the detail he put into the fit! Ive been having a lot of issues and now im incredibly comfortable on my bike and riding more aero! Thanks Alan!
ate here before seeing a show at NY NY.  Made a reservation, but did not even really need it on a Saturday night.  Service was friendly and quick.  Food was great as well.  I had a shrimp quesadilla.  Chips and salsa were super yummy.  Highly recommend for a casual meal if in NY NY.
I have no words to describe this place. The food was just horrible. We should have just left after eating the Samosas. A place that can screw that up is definitely not worth going to. The rest of the food was crap too, including the water. Never going back here for sure.
This deli is only mediocre. Their menu prices seem a little too high for the quality of food and service. I doubt if I will return.
Probably the driest and most tasteless chicken salad I've had in a long time. Our other sandwiches were just as disappointing. Just another chain food restaurant. I long for a real deli in Charlotte!
Great value for money. Great variety of produce. I make a point of shopping here any time I am in the east end of Mesa. Sure to be fruits and vegetables worth buying in bulk to freeze.
Roasted veggie salad is like swimming in oil. I thought other reviewers were exaggerating but they were so right...I wrung the eggplant slice out and there was a massive pool of oil covering my salad :(
Was very good, non greasy and healthy.  A great choice.  Service was fast and friendly.  We sat on the patio with outside temperature at 59 degrees but with the patio heaters was perfect for a nice Sunday morning.   I had the Rocky Mountain Omelet which was the perfect amount and was delicious.
This place is addictive! Great food and friendly staff. I have tried everything on that menu and I have never been disappointed. My favorite is el pastor tacos!!! Yumm!
Our favorite local spot.  Very good authentic Mexican with outstanding service.  Family owned and run by a local family.  We have been there numerous times-as well as getting takeout frequently, and they have never disappointed.
1 Star.
The have a wide variety of draft beers here.  Service was just OK.  Good spot to start predrinking before going into a club.
If you're into great craft beer, don't waste your time here. The cask conditioned IPA tastes like dish water. Food was average. Meh.
Food was decent it's only IHOP nothing amazing.
The pizza here is THE BEST in town. I grew up in New Jersey, and these pies would make the wise guys at the bada bing go bada boom, if you know what I'm sayin'...eh? EH? Capisce?
if loud, obnoxious, head banging music is your thing-or tiny wings that are greasy and over priced- or chicken quesadillas with no chicken is your thing, then head here. The owner is also a drunken mess and her friends are absolutely annoying. Use to be a good place, now it is nasty!
When I crave for Vietnamese banh mi in Las Vegas , I usually come here.  Lee's sucks and Hue Thai is ok.
Check-in was horrible , worst I have ever seen in LV. The managers and the check in people were unconcerned about 30 min to 1 hour check in , and even rude
We loved it. Lots of healthy options, hearty portions of fruit, and all around deliciousness.
The names of the dishes and looks may fool you but there is no meat here which is great if your a true vegan or vegetarian. I also love the Taro slush I get one every time with no Boba. Vegan style uses Soy milk.
You can't go wrong here.   Honest auto shop and great service!
Not sure why I decided to go back after the first visit. Please dont support a restaurant that upcharges you $2 to substitute rice instead of fries. Cmon now.  Ridiculous. Also go check out Kyhber halal up the street insetad,
Banana bread is the greatest on earth! It's worth driving here just for that alone. The breakfast is huge and the price is tiny! My new favorite place!
This place is FILTHY. They serve old, cold food. Run by total morons. A disgrace to Al Copeland's vision of fast food genius. The best thing that could happen to this place is a grease fire!
I have gone there a few times now because friends have chosen it.  The food is ok.  It is very inconsistent on taste and the look of the meals.  Prices are reasonable for what you get.  Always seem to run into people I know there so others do seem to like it more than I do!
Another solid choice when you're looking for an (upscale) household item that HD or Lowe's is not carrying or you're looking for more choices...
Worst customer service ever!! There's only 3 employees, it took almost 10 minutes to get our drinks and and another 10 minutes for the girl to come back to take our order. I'll never give this place my business.
So disappointed. Used to be fabulous. Great ambiance and service, but food is mediocre at best and way too expensive. Hope it gets back to where it was. Very $ for quality.
Amazing almond croissant, I don't want to tell you about it, because they already run out early.
They burnt the hell out of my toast I was looking forward to eating ever so much! I couldn't believe it! So upsetting. To go to a location specifically for the bread and to have them burn it. :(\n\nI highly doubt I'll be back to this location again if they want to burn peoples toast.
Great place to have a little happy hour fun!
This was my 3rd time here...LOVE it! Fresh, tastey food with friendly service in a pleasant and clean atmosphere. My new favorite in the area!!!  Good management always makes a better atmosphere...and the employees are wonderful too!
typical casino cafe, I really do not have anything bad to say about it. nice decor, friendly staff... I ordered  the omelet with bacon and spinach and It was a pretty good  choice
Stayed here a few nights. For what this is, a downtown, older-school, moderately priced casino hotel, it's just fine. Not any aspect of the hotel enhanced our Vegas experience; nor did it detract from it.
Not bad for a free, SPG Platinum breakfast!  Nice selection for the buffet, nice space and good service too!
Honestly the BEST pizza and wings in the valley! Have tried almost everything on the menu and love it all.  Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's. Highly recommend Santisi!
Unlike the idiot who wrote the first review. I've actually been to Livewire.  Went for the opening night AZ Foothills party.\n\nAMAZING!!!  Simply a game changer in Scottsdale.  Lighting and sound like nothing you've ever seen with  a warm vintage welcoming decor.
I like this place... My daughter dragged- me in and we became ONE ... diggin' n smell in' !\nMgmt wasn't so customer friendly though... Slammin' things and doors around...overall good store to find trendy and vintage looks!
Usually in and out !! If I knew the girls name that treated me well I would mention her!! TY Findlay Honda Henderson!!
Worst customer service ever. Waited 45 minutes with an appointment and walked out dissatisfied for the second time. Why don't i stop their service?  Because they'll charge me $700 for a phone I had for a month. I wanted to just give it back but they said that's fine it'll cost you $700.
Located inside of the MGM Casino. Theme is cool if you've never been before with fake thunderstorms and animals talking every half hour or so. Came for lunch on a Monday so it wasn't busy at all. Decent food for it being a chain restaurant. Service was also good. Kid friendly.
The god was good but very small rolls over priced in my opinion . The best sushi by for on the nw side is Sakana
Schedule pick up in advance, get picked up 30 minutes late every time. If you're looking for something reliable with time, this probably isn't the best option. Employees are nice, which helps.
Good chicken, good music, neat environment. Service is always great as well. The reason for the 4 stars is because some of their prices on food too much for simple things. Other than that, no complaints. Great place to chill and hang out and eat.
The food is good like you'd expect from In-N-Out.  The staff at this location is incompetent usually forgetting to put napkins or forks with the order.
I had a fantastic steak and eggs sandwich here on super fresh focaccia. Absolutely delicious.  They were quick, polite, and the atmosphere is nice. The portion size was just perfect (which means I had 2-3 bites left).  Loved it!
Loved the food (duck tongue tacos were the biggest and best surprise).  Sarah at the bar added to my enjoyment by her attitude and recommendations.
Have been going to this store since 2005. I love it! The tanks are always spotless and the fish look healthy. Their prices are very reasonable and their Catalina water is the least expensive I have found. Everytime we go in we find something cool for our tank :)
I have had my friends visit Timbers on the weekends and they have always had great food and great atmosphere. If you are coming or going to the lake a good place to stop.
Avoid this place at all cost.  Probably the worst customer service I've experienced in my entire life.
I can make BBQ at home in my slow cooker. If you want good BBQ go to Smokey Jon's not a chain restaurant.
First time customer.  Everything was dusty on shelf.  Just nasty.  You can find better deals elsewhere.
The gambler's special is a great deal. The steak & shrimp was one of my favorite meals on our trip as they were both cooked perfectly. Every time I go it's always consistent.
Amazing food, great wine list and an interesting atmosphere. Love the bar/lounge!
I decided to give them a try and as I parked I found the place closed, even though the website said they were open at the time of my visit. I think they may have closed down the place, don't waste your time.
Delicious!! :) got seats within five minutes of arriving. Service was top-notch and atmosphere was great!  Portions are huge, can definitely get one order for two people.\n\nNot an ideal place for kids but perfect for dates, family gatherings, or any special occasion :)
Quite disappointing. Went for a business lunch and got this watery fish that was bland tasting.  The service however was good and the appetizers weren't too bad.
Great place to have a party we had our company party here up on the balcony it is a great view. good place to drink, the food was pretty good to. They catered the party for us and there was plenty of it.  its a good energy place for sure.
Lots of parking available, covered & uncovered. New sky train access easy from garage parking and buses roam lot to pick up those parking on street level. Sky train runs every three minutes and connects to terminal on second floor where gates are.
Well, it's a bar made of ice.  Ice is cold.  I was freezing.  It was also kind of dirty looking, and small.  I just don't get the appeal, but if it looks really awesome to you, you may enjoy it.  I did get a pretty sweet t-shirt there, though.
Service was slow, but that was because one of our party insisted that the bartender, her favorite server, serve us in our private room for a party of 8.  The food and drinks were good and we woud return.
I tried their shrimp pasta...it was bland and had a weird taste. The service was a little slow, but friendly. The portions are good but for the price, I hoped the taste would have been a little more pleasing.
My favorite lunch spot downtown. The place aint pretty but the food is good.
I was blown away how entertaining the trip to the dmv was. The people watching was top notch and the guy Brian that helped me out was hilarious and felt like we were old pals. The wait time was 20 minutes on Saturday morning so all n all had an amusing time
Great prices, casual atmosphere, heavy pour on the cocktails, this place is a downtown staple.  Oh, delicious sandwiches and free popcorn.
Not bad at all. Its a bar so expect under trained employees and staff. Foods good when it comes out and beers cold. Good for kids and families before 9pm. Come check it out. Better than native new Yorker.
Awesome food and cheap prices. Such great quality. One of the only and best authentic japanese restaurants in az.
Their tacos are really outstanding but their wine list and margaritas not plentiful or that good. However nice environment and their 5 different salsas w chips--wonderful.
Best pho hands down that i have ever eaten!! I have been to pho restaurants in san fran, san jose, etc. and this takes them all. The prices are ridiculously cheap to boot. Pot stickers are wayyy tasty and now you get 2 for 1!!
Un petit endroit qui n'a pas d'allure, mais qui est super bon, les gens sont accueillants. Rien \u00e0 redire
place was ok, nothing to rave about!
Nice neighborhood wine bar.  Big pours.  Not much in the way of food.
I will give it a zero point if it exists. Bad food, below the average. We ordered two dishes and they tasted exactly the same!! Food is not fresh either. Don't go, seriously!
Had the most amazing dark hot chocolate here. Marshmallows were weak. But I stuck with the 5 stars because I can't wait to have this again !
Satisfied my sweet and savory liking in a single swath.  Just had my first visit here and will be back soon.  The crepes were tasty and light, the service was attentive and friendly.  Too bad they aren't open later for a sociable evening with dessert and caffeine.
I LOVE Apsara Cafe. They have some of the best Thai food in Pittsburgh hands down and believe me I have taste tested a lot of Thai restaurants. My favorite is the green curry noodles. They put huge cuts of fresh vegetables in the delicious curry and its so flavorful without being too spicy. Perfect combination!
Best. Pedicures. EVER! I love the atmosphere here, and the employees are very friendly. I never want a pedicure from anyone else. So relaxing, and my feet feel so soft!
the milk teas and boba are alright. I'm from Southern california, so I'm definitely biased.\n\nThe staff members are incredibly sweet and outgoing.
Love the candles they have, but they made my yorkie look like a boy
I always love PT's. Nothing beats bar food. EVER. They have good ranch, which is definitely a must for any place that wants to bring me back.
We were treated as royalty for  our  45th wedding anniversary! The food was superb and the service incredible! We have been here numerous times and have never been disappointed. It is high time we give the tribute Rigatoni's deserves! Thank you for helping us make this a special anniversary!
Very slow service(50 minute wait).  Did not get us kids menus.   Salad had brown lettuce.  \n\nThis is not a good place to take kids.
Distance makes the heart grow fonder, right?
Had a great dinner! Just had the Cali roll and pot stickers. Overall the Sushi rolls looked very good. Our server was very nice however they only had two at the time of dinner. I will be back for sure
Great rooms great hotel good comp. Breakfast but the location is horrible its not in a good neigborhood and there is nothing but a 7-11 and mcdonalds walking distance you will need a rental car staying here
This is a small place but hands down has the best ravioli I have ever had. Prices are low and I would recommend ordering the ravioli as an appetizer.  They give you complimentary soup or salad as well. If you're looking for Italian, Id suggest you go here.
This was my third time here and I am sorry to say that I got food poisoning.  \n\nI ordered Salmon and Pasta.\n\nThis won't stop me for going there though since it's authentic Italian food.
Nice place with good food. They need better iced tea (yes, this is a big deal to me) but the  chicken Cobb wrap I had was very good and my dad's Italian beef was excellent with a lot of flavor. I would definitely return.
Kris knows what he is doing when it comes to making my Mercedes shine!
Finally found the nail salon I've been looking for, for so many years. Jackie is awesome and extremely meticulous. I've never had such a thorough gel mani and relaxing pedi. \n\nGirls this is the place to go!!
This pizza is amazing. I just found put they deliver and I have a feeling they are going to be on my speed dial. Seriously, you should try this place.
I made a reservation advance of two weeks and than went there to get seated. But instead was told they gave my table away to someone else. What also pissed me off was that she said you can go look for a table outside. Wow horrible service
I would somewhat agree with the first review.  I have been here twice and both times the food was good.  Not the best I have ever had, but I wasn't complaining.  I would go back again.
A great source for parts and the free shipping with a $75 order is nice. The only negative is that they used to ship very quickly and now it seems like they take forever to \"process\" your order.\nSo if you're not in a hurry for your parts, give 'em a try.
Small portions and food just ok at best. More like mediocre. Beef Shortrib ravioli doused in something that left a weird lingering after taste. Pasta with shrimp, sauce tasted like Ragu/store bought. We were disappointed and the server kept disappearing - try another restaurant
I Dont get the other reviews but this place rules.  Have eatten hear many times and its always really good.  I always get the pastrami on a onion roll,  thin sliced pastrami the way it should be on a nice soft fresh onion roll.  A bit pricy for a sandwich $8.25  but worth it.
Bad service....everyone had their food and I waited 20 minutes and had to ask...I also said no cheese and they added cheese... The manager was hesitant and kind o rude at first, but did refund my money
Well I new better to come in on a Sunday 45 minutes to be seated, 20 more then we were told, another 45 to get our food plus they never brought the whole meal and no one asked how we were doing. Bottom line it was not worth 2 hours of my life
Food is pretty good and breakfast is the best. Prices are slightly higher than you'd expect. If you are an aviation enthusiest you can't beat the atmosphere.
Crazy busy but the staff handled it well. Great service and cold beer. I had a really good lamb burger. Wish I had time to go back for the steak & ale pie. The triple layer trifle was really good too. Next time we are in Vegas we will go back.
Overpriced food in an airport terminal?  I can live with that.\n\nCrappy pizza with horrible toppings?  Example: Buffalo chicken pizza covered in onions and \"buffalo sauce\".  \n\nGive me Pizza Hut Express over this anyday.  This pizza is terrible.
This place is pretty great.  A Pittsburgh staple.  However, I would definitely recommend the Market Square location.  More beers on tap, nice outdoor seating, better atmosphere overall.
Not a great place, burger was average should of went to In n Out, and their fried chicken lacked flavor.  Good place to watch a football game.
Closed :(
Went for a Bachelorette party and it was too stuck up and not really a dance club. The elevators \"did not go down\" per the doorman so our exit was down 4 flights of stairs in heels! Not a good time.
Their emu oil is great.  I use it for inflammation of my jaw and shoulders, it's wonderful.  I highly recommend it.  We buy it at Fresh Vitamins in Mesa.  No dyes, fully refined, I love it.
The Flair Bartenders in this place must be Carnival Court rejects cause our bartender dropped 4 bottles in 5 minutes. Then he disappeared like he got fired. Won't be going back.
Jerk chicken quesadilla WITH emerald sauce!!!! Amazing! !! My new favorite.  The black beans are to for, and then the jerk fried rice. Mmmmmmmmm
Food was ok as long as you don't ask for butter on the side. You might just get ketchup butter. Service is pretty good our waiter Jeremiah was awesome even though it was busy, he still checked in on us. But over all i give them a 2.5
Love love love this place.  The staff is friendly and the food is fresh.  The salsa has great flavor.  The chicken used in many if the dishes has great flavor and is not bland, unlike a lot of Mexican restaurants I've been to.  Try the chicken chimichanga.  It's delicious.
Terrible service... We tried to have a nice gathering and it took the lady over 25 minutes to make an espresso!! You would expect a lot more from the Ritz! So bummed
Just had dinner here was driving by and just stop to eat Patai was great service is good agree with David could update their menu but overall the food was excellent service was good everything tastes great I will definitely be back took the menu so I can order for delivery from home
The owner sent me a message apologizing for my experience and letting me know they corrected the hours and inviting me back to try Stack'd again. Glad to know the owner is serious about providing good service, so I'll be happy to stop back again once I have a chance!
Really greasy but if that's what you're looking for it tastes quite good!!
Say it with me now: Blaaaaaaaaaand.
I go here frequently, always order to go since there is a smoke shop next door.\nI love their Pho combo soup, their broth is high quality, also really good staff attention... We will keep coming back !
We love Dr. Mauro! I've been going to this office for over 2 years now and they are never less than awesome! It can get busy, but its only because Dr Mauro is the best here in Vegas. I highly recommend this office and Dr. Mauro in particular, for all of your pets.
Great offers, Monday only $5.00... Can't beat that. Comfortable and great place for a night out with my lovely wife. We live busy lives, so a movie night every once in awhile is constructive. The $5.00 a ticket is a plus :D
I've had awesome service at this location. Everyone there has always been very accommodating.
Food is really good; I especially like their egg foo yung dish.  Decor is nice once you look past the gawdy neon light in the front window.
Very disappointed. Management did not deliver what we reserved and confirmed before our arrival.  Lots of  little problems and two BIG ISSUES, add up to a bad review and a don't bother recommendation. Try the Orleans, off the strip. Much better and free shuttle to the strip.
I was sitting at the slots for over an hour not one waitress came by to take a drink order. Man.
Not a bad little pub. Had the sliders, salt and pepper wings, and mushroom burger -- forgettable, but good. The fries are what I will remember, and come back for.
Great little taco shop.  Probably one of the better ones on this side of town.   While it does cost a little more than some of the other, I'd say that the quality/freshness of the food makes it justified.
Happy hour - pizza & drink specials! \n\nDon't forget the garlic parmesan fries- soooo good!
OK lunch of mac 'n cheese with a side Caesar.  Just over $10, but he dining area is clean, comfortable and the staff is wonderfully friendly and helpful.  Next time, I'll try a salad as a main dish.  Good in a pinch.
Tasted yummy but more bread then anything else!!
Pretty good pho
One of the best pedi's ever. Such a friendly and nice staff. Atmosphere is awesome. Sassy citrus lemon rosemary pedi is a must. My new fav nail place. Ask for nick or Asia they were great.
I have been a loyal customer at the Choice Pet Market since it opened. They have a great selection of frozen raw foods that I feed my dogs. There has never been a problem returning food that my dog didn't care for. The manager John goes above and beyond to help me find what I need. They also will do special ordering which I love!
We went for lunch using a groupon.  Great service, good burgers, plenty of food for left-overs, but quite expensive..  I'd only go back if I had a 1/2 off coupon.
Actually, the service department showed me the price increase was due to labor cost increases, not oil. Nice try.
I have been to this noodle cafe many times and love love their Ramen. Their TanTanMen is very good and very hot. I like their Shrimp Shumai too.  The sushi is OK but I don't go there for that.
Update: Have consistently been receiving bad service during the last visits. They still mix a mean cocktail, but the attitude of most tenders keeps me away most of the time.
I love it here! I've been going to Skyla for about a year now. She's incredibly talented and is always kind. She instinctively knows what you want. Check this place out!
Use to be better at the old location. Does not have the family feel to it anymore and food is just OK. But great Sweet Potato Fries!
Daily special number 1 is the way to go! It comes with half a mackerel, and a decent bowl of tofu soup. The mackerel can be dry at times though. The kimchi jjigae has a large portion and tastes good too.
Cannot wait to return this winter....their chocolate Pecan Pie is TO DIE FOR!\n\nLovely people, lovely business. \n\nJust lovely lovely lovely
Not sure what everybody sees in this place. Split a cheese steak and Italian beef beef with a friend and the entire meal was lacking in flavor. I was surprised at how bland and tasteless it was, I was definitely disappointed based on the yelp reviews. I think I'll stick with Lukes of Chicago.
When it's busy they shouldn't be using only 1 register, other than that they have an okay customer service.
Hey i goto great clips all the time - in fact the same person just recently cut my hair for when i asked my girlfriends parents for their daughter's hand, for my engagement, for my wedding and fixed what the wife tried to do.  always very kind, relaxing experience. and always a good haircut.
You get your money's worth.
This place from phone call to service. The guy on the phone explained everything which actually sealed the deal. I was going to search around but after he gave his shpeal it was done. My air quality improved exponentially and I recommended to my friends.
some of the reviews on this place are frightening, but our experience was fine.  Huevos Rancheros were enjoyed by the wife, I liked my chicken and waffles even if they were chicken fingers.
Great course but restaurant needs improvement. Nice decor for a golf course restaurant but awful food.  Please improve the food and service. More neighbors would come if the food was better.
Meh...service had no energy..cold fries..stale cookie..it wasnt good
small pizza, out of a dozen wings no dings! website said pizza was $7, dozen wings $6. get there and they are now $1.00 more each!
Funny as hell.  Worth it.
Is this place still open??? drove by a cpl weeks ago and it was all boarded up!!!
Amazing food but not great service I highly recommend the veal with fresh tomato and mozzarella so tasty and flavorful but the waiters were not very attentive.
I was disappointed. The service was bad.  I opened the wine for he waitress as this was her first time. The food was blah. The calamari was great. The sundae our son ordered was a mini scoop of ice cream with a little chocolate sauce.  Spent 150 for two adults and two kids.  Won't return.
They are  family owned and they not only do dry clean... But alterations as well. I take all my baseball caps here too. Don't hesitate. They do good work.
I have no beef with TJs, just one thing though, better produce!
Love the pizza. Idk what's going on here with ppl posting bad reviews about their pizza but come on people!!! I'm from Brooklyn New York and I'll tell you their pizza is one of the best I found in Las Vegas!!
Go, go, go!!!  Great food, fantastic atmosphere, cold beer,friendly crowd and staff.  If you are looking for a fun time in Scottsdale, you have to go here.
Love the pineapple upside down pancakes!!!!
This is my favorite bar in Las Vegas!! The drinks are so cheap and there is always a good atmosphere! I come here every time I'm in Vegas
The Salt and Pepper flounder is amazing.  The egg drop soup is amazing as well.
It's a Burger King.  My expectations were not that high.  However, they are unbearably slow, and the dining area is usually pretty dirty.  The food is mediocre, even for fast foot's low standards.  The staff usually acts like you're ruining their day for showing up.
I have been looking everywhere for good macrons in Vegas & these are definitely great. Pistachio ones are always my favorite! These are a little too sweet, but they're huge and still good.
Not happy with the chicken ceasar salad. Bland salad and very dry and tough chicken.
Food was really subpar for the price. I've had MUCH better soup based noodles. Won't go again unless I have a huge craving for Thai and Vietnamese. And even then, I would consider other places first.
excellent quality of work! They really hooked me up when I needed help.  Bring your car here!
Interesting acts. Pretty dangerous stunts. When you go Vegas you have to see a show or two. I like all the cirque du soleil shows. Each one of them is unique. Got a see them all. Better then losing money on the black jack tables.
It's a hassle to get served if you don't have a reservation.  The bar area is packed and you really have to move fast to score a place to sit.\n\nThat being said, the swedish meatballs were excellent!
Really great place, food is authentic, drive thru a litlle slow, but what can you do.  Chicken tacos enchiladas and Chili relleano was excellent,  Been back 5 or 6 times.  And if you can find a coupon even better....would definately recommend this place for sure.
Overpriced. Overly smokey casino. Pizza was just okay. Wait for a table. \nOther places better for the price.
I would not recommend this dentist to anyone. I personally had a terrible experience here and I will never go back. There are way better dentist out there.
They get three stars for participating in the Brewers Ball (benefitting the Cystic Fibrosis foundation) and for actually bringing something that did NOT contain pork or beef products.
Hotel is beautiful, however not impressed with this restaurant- mediocre  food, slow service, took forever for someone to finally take our order. Food was cold, I personally wouldn't recommend this restaurant or eat here again.
Very pricey, I paid $40 for half a goblet cocktail, chicken tenders and fries. They charged a Paris resort fee of $9 for our table. The chicken tenders were bland but the tropical punch was very tasty, not too sweet. Excellent service was a plus
Horrible company!!  DO NOT BOOK!  They were upset with the simplest questions, the man then told me he didn't care or need my business.  He was cursing and claimed that he would put my phone on their block list so I wouldn't call back for my refund!
The presentation ,framing,lights ,prints are incredible quality ,but the photography work itself felt very cliche and nothing special. Some boring composition,overly saturated ...I am sorry I expect better for pro photographer . Marc Adamus  is so much better
Friendly enough. Dogs are exotic, but I really think is does not work 100%. I ate the wacky one with pork belly. I was sick for half a day.
Heaven in a bun.
Paid close to $9 for burned potatoes that were tasteless and dry. Said light cheese on spinach and mushroom eggs, came with no cheese. Seems like just another overpriced joint to me. Won't be going back.
I've been here twice for take outs in the past month and its basically another China-a-gogo if you ask me. The food was mediocre and we probably won't be going there anymore.
Christmas Lights and Chocolate- how can you go wrong?! This was my first time to Ethel M and the cactus garden. This is a great tradition to continue!\n\nA great combination for the Christmas season!
Charles the owner is AWESOME! Great wine selection for a relatively small shop. Nice Tapas style food as well. Competitive prices for their wine. All the above makes this an excellent place to enjoy wine. Bacchus would be proud!
Owners are great but the food is very bland and average at best.
Employees have a bad attitude. I sat for well over half an hour before they even looked at my car. The put me in line after the automatic wash with 3 other cars and nobody working. Not good service. Not what I've come to expect from Fabulous Freddie's.
Terrible service and nothing is free. They even charge you $45 for your carry on! My mom was coughing and we had to pay $3 to but a bottle of water for her. They wouldn't even give a little water to a coughing old lady.
There extremely slow, and it's cold bring a jacket!  Make an appointment if you can.
Took 20min to get entr\u00e9e out. Took 10min to get drinks and also waited 8 min before server came to table.
I think it's way over priced, and I probably wont go back, my daughter loves her animal, but really she would love a $5 one just as much... Too expensive!
If you like a great Pho then this is definitively not the place for you. They pretentiously say \"Fine Cuisine Asiatique\", this is not so.
Poutine is ok. Fries can be dry & soggy. Overall this restaurant is overrated! All the hype is basically the varieties being offered and the fact they are open 24/7. You can def find much better tasting poutine elsewhere
Great food. Pad Thai is  really good here , not greasy!
Not the best Rotisserie Chicken in town, but it's good enough when you are hungry. This location has an express take out window that is nice and quick. The chicken is passable and the coleslaw is pretty good, you can get better.
as long as you can afford it , this is where everybody should be shopping .. the best thing you can do is imitate all the mannequins  posted in the windows with a cheaper alternative :) hey thats what i do .. hahahahah
The staff is very friendly but I'm convinced that I'm getting ripped off and that the surgery performed on my dog was botched.  I'm still a customer though.
The fancy mall in Madison. I go for places like Sephora and H&M.  The parking in the \"back\" is better than in front by the food court.
Love this place. Great place to grab a coffee, bite to eat and catch up on work. I usually like to go get work done after the kids go to bed. I would frequent this location more if they were open later.
I got the lemonade green tea (flat not sparkling). It was a great drink for the middle of the afternoon. I would definitely go again next time I'm near one!
We chose toasted blueberry bagels with cream cheese.  The bagels were okay though I would be surprised if anyone from NY would have been pleased.
Great service! Amazing food! Great location. Lots of big screen TVs for viewing any kind of sporting event. Servers are friendly and service is fast. Had the three cheese jalape\u00f1o burger - to die for! Great beer and drink selection as well. Roof top patio for the summer is amazing.
I had a very pleasant stay! The rooms were clean, the beds were so comfortable. The workers were very nice (though it took really really long to check in..) but I would definitely go back there on my next trip to Vegas.
when you're f*cked up and out of your mind, the last thing you want to see are circus clowns walking on 5 foot stilts or dudes dressed up as characters from the Wizard of Oz.
Good food. Good beers. Had some live music last night which was entertaining too. \nWould've preferred some more options on the food menu.
Not sure about the other reviews but I really enjoyed the ramen here.  The service was great as well.  Definitely will be back.
What's the big deal about this place?  Food was good but the atmosphere was moderate the service horrible and the prices were a little steep.
Went for brunch food wasn't bad but not very much to choice
Went on Monday  was fab!  Luke & Thomas took such great care of us. Food n service were awesome. Will frequent this place.  Great new vibes!  Good job guys!! \ngreat vibe and look forward to many returns!
B of A sticks! They nickel and dime you for everything. Their customer service stinks too. I will never go there again!
Been here 2 Times. dissapointed. \nI ve Been to tao Dubai & losangeles & Compared to them. \n\nSkip this One & go to TAO
I was in such a great mood. Having an awesome day, and then I stepped into the Paradise bakery. What kind of place stops serving breakfast at 10 AM?\n\nIt was 10:14am \n\nTheir other food is actually amazing. But I was really looking forward to breakfast.
Love supporting small businesses. You wouldn't even know the donuts were Vegan,  they were that good!
The breakfast was great!  Beer battered egg bacon cheese etc.   service was slow and not great so only giving 4 stars
it is some of the most delicious Chinese food I've ever had.
Bought some macaroons here they were alright not what I expected but it was my first time trying them I also expected more desserts but there was just a few
Great lunch, everything was of the best quality, ambiance was great and the service was excellent
Horrible customer service. Horrible management.  Incompetent employees.
Too many places water down their pho or use the instant mix. You just smell and taste the difference at Simis. It's the closest thing to my moms homemade pho.  Owners husband said himself that everything is made in house and fresh. So good! Went here twice in one week!
This is my favorite paradise bakery location. It's always clean and all the employees are kind and helpful :)
Great food, amazing outdoor area.  A bit pricier than most Thai, but it's definitely worth it.  I would say this is one of the  best outdoor dining experiences in the city.  It can get really busy, so make sure to make reservations for Friday and Saturday nights.
Food is good, true flavor!!
I have been bringing my Audi here for years , Adam and Cisco are great mechanics and offer very REASoNABLe prices. Adam sticks to his prices and doesn't over charge. Thanks Epic
Good bar. Love the micro brews! Nice and clean, fair prices, and nice staff. Haven't tried the food yet, but I hear it's good.
I played this course for the first time on Saturday, December 6th 2014. Here's what I have to say: These were the slowest greens I have ever played in my entire life. They were terrible!
Loved it . We found a new burger place. The fresh made lemonade....awesome French fries was crisy on the outside soft on the inside
I agree, this place doesn't have anything special to offer and seating is crammed. Service wasn't too bad but their is room for improvement.
I couldn't believe how fast I got in and out for them to put some new nose pads on my glasses.   Thanks Lens Crafters!
The place looks so cute from the outside and the people seem nice. The pizza however is pretty bad. Maybe it was an off day? Will try once more. Seriously looked and tasted like the box kits you'd make at home as a kid. Zero flavor.
I came here to do a return on the Saturday after Black Friday.  Staff did a great job of crowd control and processing every one in an orderly fashion.\n\nNote to self - Do not go anywhere on the day after Black Friday again.
I love this location because it has an open fire pit. Good place to chill and study. If I want time alone and a pick me upper i go to this place... Their drive through is pretty fast too. I love their ice blended drinks.
Manager : Lack of management skills and has no understanding about customer services/support. Need to learn how to treat customer with respect.  \n No more shopping at this store.
Awful awful awful!!!!  I have never experienced such RUDE nurses or doctor in my life. I will never go back here again. I'm not sure how they have received positive reviews.
If you need a quick basic lunch without any flare it was fine.  I would skip this spot if you are in Vegas too many other great options that put this place to shame for lunch or dinner.
Good breakfast. Stop here in the morning before convention start.  Starbucks is also down the hall towards the convention center.  I'll return here.
Closest thing to the real thing on the west coast great food
Was disappointed after numerous phone calls and emails sent that were not responded to in regards to a Groupon.
I called them last week and they squeezed me in. They did a great job on a beat up carpet. The job they did was so good that I got my whole deposit back from my landlord as all he could say is how great the carpet looked after six years and the smell of it was fresh. Thank you Carpet Monkeys
The only complete dud at CityCenter. Confusing layout with people wandering around lost, still lots of big areas of emptiness. There weren't many people looking in the stores, and NO ONE was buying. Give it two years and it'll have a GAP and a Barnes & Noble.
Loved the fries, the burger was Okay. I prefer St. Francis for flavor, decor, etc.
Great vibs owners are sweet def luv the reggae music waffles are ahhhmazing  overall best breakfast spot off the strip!! :D
this pizza was so gross that i just now created my first yelp account.  yes, it is 2013. that's just how gross this pizza was.
I'm not sure if my wife and I ordered the wrong things, but we were underwhelmed.  The atmosphere of the place was nice, but the food itself didn't really do it for me.
Good smoothie, but needs more selection in my opinion. Decent pricing is a plus. Staff are okay to deal with, not very social or friendly, just kind of exist there. Will go back again if I have to.
Excellent Gyro\nExcellent Sauce\nExcellent Service\n\nIf you like gyros, you will love King's.
This place is like graduate school for downtown Scottsdale clubbers. If you are girl over 30 and still like to dance on the bar and get a drink bought for you, then you're in the right place.
Food was OK, not well paired. Overpriced for the amount you get. Will not be coming back.
I gave Church Brew Works a star for the novelty of having a brewery in a church and a star for their pizzas. Besides that I haven't been too impressed with their food and beer.\nIt's a cool place to take someone whos from out of town, but don't go expecting a culinary experience.
They are a great place to try out as a beginner.  They have a great staff that was very friendly and totally helped my friend and I get going and climbing really quick.  I wish some of the walls were a little higher but it was great as a first experience!
They have ridiculously high prices for Mediocre food and mediocre service.  Save ur money and eat somewhere else!
I used to love this place because they had a huge variety like the Cheesecake Factory (aka something for everyone). But when I went in April they completely cut down the menu and all the good dishes are gone. I was really disappointed and expected more.
Considering the long line and all the different types of food, I was expecting a pretty decent meal. Um...not so much. The pesto chicken pasta was bland, the rolls were stale, and the food just seemed sad and flavorless. But on the bright side, it was free since we were staying at TI.
just awful, listening to their sales pitch over and over by telemarketers felt more like I was dealing with AT&T than an actual school. And it took forever to get them to tell me how much the school costs, important to know for most people. Anyway this is not a real school.
Seems like this place has picked up. Menu seems improved, although not a lot of \"healthy\" options. Need to invest in so great Charlotte Craft Beers. There are tons to choose from now. Wasn't the best, wasn't the worst and would go back for sure.
Thanks for making a great trip even better - quick, caring service and a free upgrade to a great Jeep Patriot that we really enjoyed. Enterprise is all I've used for years and I don't see myself ever changing. Rare that service in your business is this good.
It was ok.  Not as fancy as it sounded on the website.  The service was decent.  I would have figured the server would have asked what wine I'd like with my steak but the subject never came up.
Open until 10pm on Sundays! This is my new favorite location to spray tan at. I feel it is a very even, warm tan spray.
So I've been here twice and here's what struck me...the prices are good but I would rather pay a little more and have a heartier sandwich. Although tasty my Boston Crab was all bread and little filler.
Fries where not good at all. Kind of mushy and weird seasoning. They charge for ranch. The burger was nothing to brag about. I had to ask for ketchup. Coupon made it worth a try- tricky parking lot to pull our of to make a left hand turn.
Set the bar very high for local casino/off strip. Extremely nice and clean.  I love it every time I'm there.
This is no Pollo Feliz from Tucson.  The chicken had a good flavor but the beans and salsa left little to be desired.  It is another run of the mill chain that cranks out orders of already prepared stuff...boring!
First time guest. Great food: the tacos and tamales. Not my favorite salsa but the chips were fantastic. Order the churros with carmel & strawberry dip! Very impressed. Will return again.
This is my morning place. A quick drive from my house and conveniently located on Tatum. The lines here move quickly, coffee is great, staff are friendly. What's not to love? It's what you'd expect from a Starbucks, but what few actually deliver.
Dont waste time going here . Service was horrible. Food was below average and overpriced !!! 1 star for chef, one nice roll . Service killed the meal.
food is okay.. but i just called to sub fries for a salad. im on a low car diet! and they said THEY DONT DO THAT.  For a repeat customer, I'm sorry Anthony, thats just not acceptable.
Very good omelets, wonderful biscuits and it's a lot of fun to squirt jam out of a bottle.  Be prepared to be extremely full - southern style heavy cooking with a healthy twist.  Vegetarians and meat lovers can happily eat at the same table.
-above average venue...love the entrance\n-service is slow and rude \n-a tad overrated\n-pricey...but it is vegas \n-the wait...forevs
I guess it is the best taco shop on the Strip. \nBrain and Tripa is so yum! As always.
Its a Chipotle, so there isn't much to elaborate on.  Don't go from noon to 1pm when school is in session, as the line can get ridiculous.  But otherwise I've never had a bad experience at this location.
im starting to think that the gay nightlife in vegas is lame cause i came here as well... and i sure did come on a bad night. horrible.
This place is AWESOME! We came here for dinner and it was packed but the service was still excellent. They give you a house soup that's soo yummy! I come here every time I'm in Vegas, great Mexican food. A little pricier than most Mexican restaurants both worth it.
Had the ribeye on 4th of July.  Not at all worth the money.  Go to Ruth Chris, Mastro's, Donovan's, Flemings or even Outback.  You will be better off.
Awesome experience. Went on a Saturday afternoon. One person in front of me in line. The man behind the counter was efficient and moved people through quickly, unlike every other post office I have ever been through. I like the fact that you can get your passport here as well.
This place never disappoints.  I have never had a bad meal here.  There are always plenty of vegetarian selections to choose from.  I recommend making a reservation as they are always busy!
I should have not eaten here after I smelled inside. Gross. Got sick that night vomiting every 30 min.
The manager is extremely rude.  I couldn't look at a single painting without my boyfriend being called pathetic and me being asked probing questions about my occupation and collection.  After being led through an awkward, probing conversation, where the manager decided we had too little money for his time we were told to look around quickly and leave.
I love the fruity flavors smoothie. Everything they add is authentic fruit nothing from syrup! So if you are looking for sweets but also want to stay healthy! This place will be recommended! :)
Too much talking. Not enough dancing. Ther r 4 girls dancing and perhaps only 1 was hot. The guys doing the dancing messed up the burlesque. The host needs to talk less and let the girls do a better job. The girls r not dancing sexy enough for it to be a burlesque.
While they have delicious food, seating is very limited and they are MUCH too slow in cleaning the tables. Too many customers standing around looking for a place to sit and eat.
beside loving the name! the ice cream!! so unique and they keep it local!!  once a year comes the \"Lobster\" ice cream.. and WOW!!  definitely worth the stop and for the amounts of the delicious items you're sure to get more than one! YUMM!!
Kind of like a one night stand, quick, dirty, cheap and you feel like crap in the morning.
Love the chicken gizards and livers. Chicken, Greens and cabbage are good.
Service was beyond pathetic in the restaurant section.    Other patrons voiced their displeasure.   If you do not mind to wait 1.5 hrs for sub par food go ahead and try them
I had gotten an ombr\u00e9 done at a place and they did a horrible job, so I came to the Sweet Salon, and Shamika fixed my messed up ombr\u00e9 perfectly :) she made it exactly how I wanted, I will definitely come back to her!
Its just okay even with the low price. I stayed there during the Mining convention and it seemed understaffed. The room was clean and the water hot.  Its okay.
Excellent food! Great service! They're very quick with service, and very friendly. You can have a great meal and move along so you can explore the rest of Fabulous Las Vegas! \n\nLobster roll, turkey sandwich, anything you get will be amazing! Lizzy is a great bartender also.
These guys took my call on a Sunday and came out and fixed the problem the same day.  More importantly, they fixed the problem at a fair price.  Thank you yelp for once again helping me find an honest company with great service, I will definitely use this company again.
Get the bread it's amazing kale salad very disappointed no dressing tough might be good tomorrow if I let it sit.
The pizza on the buffet line is good, but not  always stocked up.  Too much wait time for replenishing.  The area dedicated for the buffet area is too small to service their customers.  They could improve their buffet by adding a salad bar.
Cake Nightclub has brought a new vibe to Scottsdale! Great vibes, beautiful people and amazing service that comes along with it. Nothing expected, always something new :) highly recommended !
The 2nd best place in Vegas!  The M&M's is amazing!  LOVE IT.  period
Loud music. The atmosphere of the place wasn't for dinner or lunch for sure. The food was too spicy. Service was ok that's the only reason I gave one star.
We have family party at the momo. Food was excellent and sushi was very tasty and fresh. Good care of customers even they are busy sushi bar and table. We are definitely come back to momo. Thank you to Nickie my server.
Been here 5 times and each time the \"rare Beef pho\" it has been consistent and perfect. No ambiance what so ever, but server is attentive and responsive. If you like pho you will like this place.
Not impressed!. I purchased the glazed specialty at approx. 9:15am and it was stale. I'll stick to the bagels shop next door. I did however love the customer service and the guy at the door ;}....
Classical Facial - I had a facial from Donna and it was divine! I've never had a massage with a facial the way she gave one. She wasn't afraid to use pressure. It was a wonderful facial as well and I feel throughly better. Will be back for sure!
Best pizza in scottsdale
Went here just to see what it was about.\nIt's gross. Don't go.\nI thought the chocolate fountain was pretty cool until I saw a grubby kid just standing there sticking his finger in it over and over and over. Where his parents were, I don't know.
This practice is absolutely unethical. They told me I had five cavities then called me several times to pester me to have them fixed. I went to another dentist who found no cavities which I believe since I've never had a cavity in my adult life. All they care about is making money.
Delicious! And right across the street from my office! Cucumber Sake Drink!   Delish!
My husband and I used to go to this bar regularly.  The last two visits have been a major disappointment. The service was horrible. Additionally,  I tried to food and drink, but was told they were out of some of the food items that I requested. Wow! They need a Bar Rescue.
Take your time and look through the sales racks and you will find some great deals!  I truly appreciate one stop shopping with our busy lives!  Love the shoe department too!!
After waiting for almost 30 minutes to trade in an old phone part of the buy back program, our customer service rep incorrectly processed the transaction. This led to us waiting another 30 minutes for him to correct it. Don't visit this store if you want pleasant or good service.
Like a Best Buy and Radio Shack put together. It's huge. The staff really had no idea where anything was but who could blame them, regardless, they were trying to be helpful.
We came here for Valentine's Day and it was outstanding. Everything was delicious and the service was impeccable. Joon and his staff made this a very memorable evening for us. Highly recommended!
If you like chocolate then this is a place to go to. I was a bit skeptical about their onion rings with chocolate ranch, but it was actually very good.. and the crepes are very very good.. especially the hazelnut crepe. its a fun place to go if you are a chocolate lover..
Great place. Gotta have Nick as your chef. We had dinner real late and service was awesome. EveRything there is good from chicken to the lobster to the sake. You will have a great time. Just watch your wallet cause it can GET EXPENSIVE! LOL
Basic Tex Mex. The restaurant offered me nothing I would go back for. I would say if you didn't grow up in or spend considerable amounts of time in the southwest/west you might like this place. I put Mad Mex in the same category as an Apple Bees.
Large selection and decent prices.  Only game in town now that Circuit City is closed.  Not a fan of the extended warranty/service contract they always push.
Very dissapointed.  Did not get what we asked for.  Was suprised at the results given the excellent work we had seen her do for other people.
The best gyros in town by far. A nice quiet place to get lunch and get caught up on some espn. If you like spicy stuff, try the gyro picado.
Food is good, service at the bar is great.
Terrible atmosphere. Felt like I was in a freak show with the type of people staying there. No one was dressed up and everywhere you went it smelled of cigarettes. Room had a stale sense to it and bathroom was way too small. Casinos were old and food was bad as well.
Disgusting... Need to be shut down, maybe we should have clued in when they make your pay first.
Nice coffee, euro style, good atmosphere.\n\nI usually order an americano at this joint, they ask if you'd like milk and sugar and add it for you (hence the euro style coffee).
It's quite a welcoming place and the best coffee on the south side. I enjoy coming here to get work done while sipping on a cup of coffee. The bagels are also pretty great as well. The barista's are a bit interesting, but oh well.
Great outlets!
Awesome place. Awesome food. Casual place. Fresh food. Great staff. Try Greco fresh today!
I will just say this: Friends don't let friends stay at the LVH!
Great thin crust pizza.  open late night... the lines do get really long.
Super expensive. Half this stuff you can get online for 3/4 cheaper. The people who work here are also pretty rude and almost none of them are knowledgeable about their products. It's like they get their stock from adamandeve.com and then hike up the price 60%.
This is by far the best bar I've been in since we moved to Vegas 20 years ago. Yes, it's that good. \n\nThe atmosphere, the drinks (strong) the bartenders - all top notch.\n\nDo yourself a favor and check this place out!
This place is overrated. A friend and I were looking forward to a beer and some good bar food- instead the wings were terrible and the beer was good but overpriced. There's nothing wrong with this place I just don't understand the clout around it. There should be no clout.
Server was friendly and attentive.  Food was average to above average, and the prices were a bit much, but understandable considering where we were.  The restaurant is very hip and modern, the booths are great and have a slightly private feel. Lower your expectations and you'll be fine.
i would recommend this barbershop to anyone looking for a fresh cut.  The directions to get there were kind of weird.  U cut my hair and did a good job.
This buffet was just OK.  I will give them 3.5 for presentation though.  The food was lacking flavor.
It's a nice Cafe very welcoming and good environment to do work or just watch videos and the food is good and affordable
This place has gone so downhill over the years. The last few times I was here it was disgusting. Will never go back.
EVERYONE at Eleve is awesome. They encourage, praise, and inspire you. The classes are fun and their class times work so well with my work schedule.
None better! Plain and simple...truly an artist here.
Amazing service, very fast, good prices. Great customer service and highly recommended !!!!
We came here before LOVE started they give you 1/2 price drinks we stayed and sat but the music was super Boring, there was no DJ and no one was dancing. Everyone seemed like they were ready for bed. We didnt stay very long because the ambiance was making us fall asleep.
Parkway is down home country goodness with some of the friendliest folk in Charlotte / Concord!
One of  best breakfast places I have had in a long time. Service staff really well trained and it showed. I had the chicken fried steak and eggs and it was amazing. Will definitly be coming back. Thanks to the owner John for having such a great place to eat will be back.
This is our gym but it is lacking compared to other La ovations in the area. \n\nWe are also big fans of the spin classes there- but the teachers there are not all created equal! Some are just awful and boring .
Oh my god what a great place to eat burritos. I love the california surfing and rolled tacos. Service is great and at affordable prices. Highly recommend this place
Love the atmosphere but No Fried Rice on the menu!  Their Spicy Ramen is SPICY! love it.
Not bad...they have decent prices.
This is the first restaurant I ate at in Casa Grande when I moved to Arizona 4 years ago and it's a favorite of mine the food / service is very good and friendly! The prices are reasonable and you get big portions. It's just hard to decide what to get because it's all good!
Was the worst experience,  was there for hours,  didn't get the color I was told I would get, had paint on my forehead and face .I was told that I could get it off with makeup remover when I got home. I have never paid so much for something so lousy. Never again.
This frys holds the biggest award for trash. Trashy ghetto customer, trashy customer service and lazy ass people. This store should be burned to the ground with everyone in it.
This place is awsome! Very friendly staff and great food! If I lived in Arizona i'd come here everyday. Great experience.
Pesto Bello yumm :)
We had the meatballs and thin crust personal pizza.  Great happy hour. Clean, upscale, upbeat music(Rock). Craft beers and big tvs. Not a good place to watch sports unless you are ok with no sound.
Don't get it. Ordered their \"famous\" Grandma...not impressed. Very chewy dry dough and crust. No flakiness at all. And while the sauce has some peppery zing- it was extremely acidic as well. Service great, but all told 2 stars.
This little place is nothing fancy, but there's a moderate selection of good food, the service is friendly, & the price is VERY low... $3.95 for all you can eat lunch, & $4.95 for dinner.  Can you imagine??
Beautiful country style and very home styled  restaurant. The staff is friendly and quick. The apple sauce pancakes sent me to heaven. I had them with bacon and over medium eggs. Unattended children will be given an espresso and a free puppy lol.
For the price was just ok but didn't get a shake. Food was a bit greasy
Kevin was upbeat, high energy, and very creative.  As a local, I have many choices for shows, but I highly recommend Hypnosis Unleashed.  This spikie haired hypnosis genius will take you on one hell of a ride.
Small quaint little airport. Pretty nice not the fanciest. You can gamble if you like there. Luggage is weird. You have to take a train to another area to get your luggage. Shuttle to the strip is easy and cheap, 7 dollars one way. Better then driving and cheaper and more relaxing.
Nice little spot for breakfast. NOT FOR PARTIES WITH OVER 4 PEOPLE! the food was pretty good and the prices are cheap. Most of of the food had a frozen taste though. I would go back occasionally.
It was okay, I definitely miss it.  The valley needs a few real Italian delis.  This one was close. ish.
I'm a Sun Devil I love frank Kush Field!
It's loud here. Don't come here thinking you can quietly eat and actually enjoy your meal. And hopefully you do not get the corner seat which consists of a coffee table and a sofa or folding chairs which is conveniently located behind the blasting speakers. \nThe food gets two extra bonus stars because it's good.
Great patio ambiance but most limp Caesar salad ever & drenched in dressing.  Wings okay but ordered as appetizer 10 minutes before entrees and all arrived at the same time.
Sooo good! Great price, good portions! This may be my favorite place for hearty meals! Such good hearty food choices, I actually thought this was a mexican restaurant, i'm not disappointed it wasn't. Yummy!
Definitely worth it for the price! Significant numbers of sharks, a sting ray petting area and large reptiles! \n\nIt can get crowded at times, so plan to wait in line! It's also a long trek from the entrance to the hotel or the tram stop.
Dismissive doctors. Misdiagnosed me and did not take my complaints of chronic pain seriously. They seem to busy to care ..
Applebees quality, Capital Grille prices.  Would not go back at half the price.
The staff was great! So helpful in explaining discounts and helping me find certain items. They even checked to see when certain products were coming in for me. Unfortunately, they did not have stockings in which I would think would be on shelves by now since the colder weather hit.
Ogilvy is the the old school, high end department store for Montreal.  Many cities have their high end downtown department store that has always been there and in Montreal Ogilvy's is it.  Great old school service and expensive prices.
There is little good to say about my experience on mothers day fries were cold and the new ones we asked for still cold but to top it off the manager that was on could not have handled it any worse. Will not go back.
Good food and good service. We waited a half hour for just two of us but worth the wait. We loved it!
The food was delicious! I recommend this place for anyone that's looking for great tasting organic Mexican food.  Thanks for the great customer service Kai.
Sad to say that I returned back here earlier this year and was quite disappointed.  The quality of food completely went downhill.  Overcooked, either over seasoned or too under seasoned.  Sad. sad. sad.  I'm not sure if I'll bypass this buffet on my next trip. Most likely.
If you don't know what Thai food tastes like, you just won't know what you're missing. This is definitely NOT a real Thai restaurant.
The flavor and spices in the pad thai were good, but the dish overall was nothing to write home about.
Cinnamon toast egg samich is good, but not sure about the sprinkled cinnamon and sugar on egg and American cheese. Coffee is great, I love this place they always get you in and out with out any problems
A little expensive but well worth the drive coming here. Keep up the good work.
Horrible! The rooms are very old and have a funny smell. We had booked this hotel for 3 nights and only stayed one night because of the room conditions. There was many bugs and the smell was overwhelming. I know for sure I will never stay here again.
This show is not only brilliantly funny, its exceptionally accurate in understanding relationships between men & women. I would see it again for sure. The theatre is campy & cool - its a perfectly simple setting for some powerfully funny and eye-opening points of view.
Waitress was very friendly and provided great service.  Steak boxty was tasty and filling.  Went well with a pint of Harp.
Yummy, healthy, locally-grown and organic food for a reasonable price and with a friendly owner who obviously cares about your eating experience.  This is the kind of business I feel an obligation to support; businesses like these are rare in AZ.  Check it out!  The Vegan Pita Pizza is delicious!
Really disappointing.  Bland. Signature chili is a paste. Fries were weak. Really nothing positive to write about other than free refills.
Service is okay. Mac n cheese sucked, noodles were mushy and it was chalky. The Catfish was bland. The chicken and gravy was good, and the Kool aid in the jars was kinda cool and unique. Overall, disappointed.
Was really disappointed.  We had just arrived into town, got checked in and wanted to eat and relax.  Everything was dry, over cooked and dried out.  It was not good.  Service was ok, but the food was flavorless and dry.  I will not be back.
Went in to have lunch had a waiter named Richard we ordered a Pizza large had a pepperoni and mushroom  it was very good where we go again.
Terrible service. Booked a room with two beds, deluxe strip view. I go to check in and they don't  have anything available that meets my request and am forced to downgrade my room.
Had an issue while trying to cancel my reservation, but Jim S. went out of his way to call me and correct the problem. Will definitely do this on my next trip to Vegas.\n\nThanks again for being so helpful.
I'm a fan.  Friendly, family restaurant. Clean. Monster bowls of Pho and super fresh ingredients.  Check it out!
I must say I was very impressed with the attentive and courteous service  at The Mission. This is a beautiful restaurant with warm and inviting interior and exterior decor and an excellently devised menu of flavorful dishes.  They have many South American culinary delights and unique plays on more familiar meals.  I highly recommend this place with two thumbs up.
I like this place its not Authentic mexican food if thats what you are expecting you are an idiot , food is good and i like it not so impress with the youngtas working there tho they slack the lady that cleans can be more helpful than the kids working in the kitchen .
I will never get my nails done anywhere else! Love Nails has set the bar very high. Very careful, pays a lot of attention to detail and extremely creative. I love coming here to get my nails done and always leave happy :)
Great if you're trying to find Mexican food on the strip. Price is like going to Chipotle but it is more authentic. ($7-$12 range/entree)  I had the carne Asada burrito. Was expecting more flavor and authenticity.
Rudest people I have ever encountered.  Husband and wife owned business and when I called for service the wife was unbelievably and unnecessarily rude and demanding.  Don't waste your time calling.
Great service. Delicious food. What more can you ask for? Definitely better than Texas De Brazil and Yolie's Brazillian Steakhouse.
Great little place for Ramen and just ok sushi.  \nI prefer the soup really.  \nNever had bad service.
Horrible! The rice is overcooked, and there is no flavor to their food.  I have tried this place three times-- never again! How can Thai food be so bland?
This is such a great little joint.  We hung out with a group for happy hour and the drinks were great as well as their appetizers! It was a great atmosphere! We will be going here when we go to Vegas.
It's Walmart. A necessary evil. Love the people of Walmart cuz it's real life Jerry Springer.
Im on board with the low reviews lately. Buffett   & staff have gone down hill items out and never restocked also old and cold crab?? Also  huge meat area now!! is this the Brazilian steak house nextdoor ?....down hill.
I gave this sushi place a try, since it's around Summerlin(where I live). It was a to-go order. The sushi were not well made. They rolls don't look presentable. One of the rolls I got is a salmon roll. To my surprise, the salmon is cooked not fresh.
Delicious for a Vegas place!!! Everything was good and the service was good! Filling but not overly. A little pricey but it's Vegas
The biggest Whole foods I've ever seen ! Always VERY HELPFUL (and sometimes humorous) staff here. Food is always fresh and I don't wait in line very long, IF EVER  !
Love the Panang Chicken Curry. Service second time there was not as friendly (first time great service) but food is so good it made up for it!
the manager, Debra is the rudest thing. Tried to intimidate me and told me off. DD is not worth it for that treatment.
Food was sub par, service was horrible as the waiter was rude .  selection is so limited that it is a joke!
Loved my experience here! \n\nGot the military discount without issue, the sales guy was really nice to my son  when he measured his foot. \n\nGot two new pairs of shoes, one was free. Mom is happy, Spawn is happier.
Good and local, but ask them to run your slice through the oven twice - otherwise it doens't come out hot.
Nice hotel. Good rate, via online weekend deals. Great free breakfast. Bed was comfy. No complaints about room or service. Upgrade over other budget places. Would stay again.
If you're a sports fan this is the place for you. Friendly staff and the foods good with a great menu. It's a bit loud so if your not into the game on and wanted too just relax and chat it's not the place to eat. Otherwise, it's game on!
Whether iced or hot BAC's Kona coffee is the best!  The entire staff is so friendly!  Thanks Chris & Pauline!
Did new sign/graphic install here and the people were very friendly and accessible. The office was busy the day we were there for this install, which shows me they have a very thriving practice. Good to know, in case I ever have to refer someone to a new doctor's office. This one is in a nice business/medical/professional park.
Never been a fan of the food here. Very mediocre. \n\nThat being said, this is one of the nicest Mexican restaurants in terms of decor and ambience. \n\nOn a good note... the salsas are very good and taste fresh.
The Capastrami was awesome! One of the best subs that I have had in a long time. Very nice staff and clean restaurant. Very fulfilling.
I have been here a few times for lunch and it's great food. I have gotten a Barito and tacos both are great.
Pizza does not get better than this in Las Vegas. Great pie, super service at the front take out!\n\nLocation is the only problem for those of us in the far west.
Take way to long to clean my car. 2 hrs and they still haven't wax or clean the inside. And they pushy when all I wanted was a wash and inside detailed
Wow.  This place is the epitome of Scottsdale douchyness.  They do have some great stores but try not to hang out here that much.  You don't want to lose touch with reality.
I cannot get enough of this place.  Especially when I was hipped to the Thai hot secret.  It's very inexpensive, and they have the best Thai Iced Tea, which I could drink 3 glasses of if I didn't know any better.\n\nI can't stop rocking the red curry.
I have tried this place a few times now and I am just not impressed enough to go back again.  I have tried a few of the burgers and one of the salads and it wasn't horrible, but it wasn't memorable either.
Awesome breakfast spot, a must next time you are in charlotte!!
Mediocre effort by Fox. Food didn't impress me. Wait staff was \"dunlapping\" over her tight outfit. Not an appetizing sight people. Drinks were okay.
Legitimate on-the-go lunch stop.   The sandwichs are good and definitely a step up from subway type shops.  Prices are reasonable.  One gripe is that both times I've been there for to-go, the sandwiches took 10-15 minutes to make (from the time I paid until the time I had the sandwich).
Sadly in this part of own there are not too many steakhouses and over time even restaurants have been going under.  This Outback's food has been consistently good and the service is always on point.
Employees are nice and helpful, shop is awesome with a gorgeous setup, fantastic events, and great promotions.
We were there on a very slow Sunday evening, while the server was pretty good, it took forever to get our food.  The people at the bar were happy, and served drinks very quickly, but we did not get our food for almost a half hour (it was just wings and french frys.)
I ate here with some friends right before taking off for the airport.  The portion sizes were huge for the price.  The service was a little too slow for us, then again we were in a hurry to make our flight.
This is one of the cleanest, nicest studios I have ever seen. The people are very friendly and helpful. The artist are the best in town. Could not say enough good things about this place.
It is all about the popcorn.  They use a poor quality popcorn, not popped wall, and sticks to your teeth.  Much better popcorn at Century theatres. Older theatre, not really a true stadium seating.  They have good films there.
I've lived in 7 different apartments in Madison with 6 different landlords and everyone pales in comparison to McBride. Need a repair? They've fixed it by the time you get home from work. Easy to communicate with and they keep the pressure off their customers.
Nickname: Blue-hair-tini.  When I was eating at OP last week, I saw a group of five 40-somethings heading in, wearing skirts shorter than any I own.  The mix in that place is so bizzare.  Good for Rose and Blanche for finding a place though
Nice selection of yogurt and tons of extras to put in! Based on weight for pricing so I was a bit conservative with the toppings, but it was still a great price. \nWill go again.
Love this place! My fiance and I went before a show at the Byham Theater nearby. The evening was our Christmas gift to each other, so we went all out. Our food was great and our waiters made an excellent wine suggestion. Definitely not cheap, but will assuredly be the place we go for our next special event.
This place is Fantastic. I have been going here since i was in 6th grade. Now im in college Epiphany has a location. Is very clean and has great service.
Love going there for happy hour on the patio overlooking the golf course!  Brunch is great too!
Food was ok, way too loud music and people, obnoxious drunk people  but the bartender was nice. However wont be back.
Best thai food in Vegas! Its off strip in an old part of town - surrounded by dive bars/pool halls and Korean BBQ.  Amazing wine list; casual place and a recent facelift for half of the restaurant.  Lunch can be a buffet or menu.  Great spice and  delicious food!
I love going here for lunch. The choices are great and the price is so reasonable! I especially love their breadsticks! They have the BEST soup options too everyday.
Fun atmosphere. Great menu.
A damn good, real burger!  Totally worth dropping in... great cheeseburger and the generous portion of fries had to be shared among 4 adults!
Orient House rocks! Fantastic food, excellent service. The combination of funky decor, friendly owner and staff, and outstanding food (try items from the traditional Chinese menu) cannot be surpassed. Highest recommendation.
Love the store. It has all the items I need. I can not leave that store without spending at least $100.00. But worth every cent. Check it out you will find something guaranteed
Dude. The atmosphere of this place is top notch. The food, and drink is excellent. Monday's are all you can eat fish and chips, and it's probably the best in town. They are a great place, if you love watching soccer, you will be in ultimate heaven.
This place has lost A LOT of ground when it comes to customer service.  The best thing they have going for them is Richie at the Lounge and Terrence.
Horrible; don't waist your money. I left before they could even finish my order. Go to a different Chipotle.
I was really disappointed in the service I received for the price I paid. Paid like $40 for a car wash. (My car needed it) They gave me decent wash, but that wasn't what I paid for. Not going back.
Chicken tortilla soup was tasty, but very salty! Mushroom soup was A+. The complimentary Chocolate covered strawberry was a nice treat with the meal.
Really good food and a great selection of beers! Usually really crowded but you have to expect that going to a baseball game!! Roman is the nicest and coolest guy there!!\nWe really had a great time!!
One of my favorite spots to go on Montford. The patio is great and to be honest... I've never sat inside. Service is always good here and the food is impressive for thinking this is a bar with \"pub grub\". Fun place to hang out and they always have a great music mix playing outside.
Food was good but wasn't over the top great
Great prices, average to terrible food. You get what you pay for. Avoid the Pho, it's not even close to real Pho!
Do not go here. Pay a bit more and avoid this place. I should have relied on what I read about this place. I could go on and on, just take my word for it. I contacted the Scottsdale store they were helpful. Stay away from the Tempe store!!
Portuguese omelette is good. Go for it!
No complaints.  For the money its a deal.  Shower was amazing, they have a cool pool with a shark tank you can take a water slide through.  \n\nGreat location for downtown and friendly staff.
Mom and pop joint located inside of mountains edge. I come here for the convenience but the food is good. Try their chicken fried steak with biscuits and gravy. If you bring in a coffee cup and leave it on their wall you'll always get free refills.
Great staff, are friendly\nLots of room to study, third\nplace consistently
Not too many bad things to say about this location.  Every time I've gone I've gotten what I asked for.  It seems to be fairly clean; I've noticed nothing to make me think otherwise.  The service was fast and friendly so, yeah, no complaints really.
Great spot for affordable quick decent food before your flight!  Decently priced drinks and some solid wings (difficult to find in Montreal).\n\nI would much rather grab a bite here than be overcharged for something average at Houston or thrown together from the quicker places.
Not nearly as good as the one on Boulder Hwy. Ordered a simple Bacon and Eggs and the bacon was to salty, the eggs were cold, and the toast was nearly burned. The potatoes were good and the price was great.
Hadn't eaten here in many years, but this last visit confirmed my recollection of their first-rate food. Artful presentation, excellent food, and attentive service make this a near must when visiting Phoenix.
First time here! The service was great! The girls are so sweet and genuine. I got the chicken catsu (delicious) and gravy frys
I love this place. Food is fresh and fast. Its just a little expensive for a taco. I spend almost $5 for a single taco. It's delicious but it's burning a hole in my wallet everytime I go.
OMG! So freaking good!!!! Sangria yummers!!!
No. \n\nNO NO NO NO NO NO NO.\n\nThat's all I have to say about that.
Despite the cruddy reviews below, I had several good happy hour experiences recently. Note- happy hour only and prefeably while milking a twenty in the video poker machines at the bar a few free Tanquery and Tonics. I ate the Ahi Poke on three occasions and the hot wings on a couple- both were very good.
A lovely museum with great exhibitions, fairly prized as well.\n\nAnnoying stairs though, it's a good thing they have elevators so you can avoid them (huzzah!).
I really like local loaf, their bread is delicious and there sandwiches are great. I love the atmosphere of the public market so I will certainly be back! The people that work here are cool too.
How can you screw up a breakfast burrito...the eggs were dry and way too much bacon.
Descent fish tacos but their ceviche had fake lime juice( the bottled kind) those were only ok
I've never experienced a dinner buffet which comes anywhere close to Bellgio's.  We even tried the Wynn's the other day to compare and it's not even close.  The variety and quality at the Bellgio buffet is like no other.
Little slice of Vegas with slot machines throughout the airport. As a non-smoker, I found the smoking lounges a turn off as smoke poured out when I walked by. Not a bad place for a layover.
I love bagels. This place has a good salt bagel and good cream cheese. I enjoy this place most of the time. What I don't enjoy is the attitude of some of the women that work there.
Mexican food it is not.  While the food was entirely edible, it vaguely reminded me of the sad attempts at Mexican food my Polish mother tried making.  Just because you have an Ortega seasoning packet and Tabasco sauce does not make your place Mexican.
They forgot our sauces, and I wouldn't mind if it had just happened to us, but I've heard from other people that they forget things in their orders.
Taste the freshness!!! Good stuff....decent prices...nice employees....and great new location (close to home)....good luck in your new spot.......
Since its hard to find, you're always first in line. For those that need, $10 gets your car registered too.
Their employees are knowledgeable and the samplings are cool. Beer selections are limited compared to Total Wine.
Nick's has legit New York Style pizza.  It's dirt cheap too!
Desert Wolf was recommend to me  by East Valley Appliance Repair. I had 3 companies out to get my air working working properly and all failed. Desert Wolf got it right and for a reasonable price. Aaron showed me everything that had to be done and told me why. I highly recommend Desert Wolf.
Doesn't have a playplace for kids. Very dissapointed.
The BEST bagels in the Valley!!  \n\n\nAlways on the lookout for great places to go with kids!
Just stuck in the shoes section.\n\nOverall, very high end stuff that didn't beat the prices at saks fifth for the exact same thing, even with their sales.
My wife, 16 month old and I dined in on 11/3/2013. All 3 of us got bad food poisioning within a day. The little one started throwing up in about 4 hrs. Food was tasty but the service was not good. I will never go here again.
This place is just BAD.  Very low quality ingredients all around. Over $9 for a basic sandwich combo too. BAD.  Stay away.  Someone said in a previous review that it is never crowded.  That's because the food is so BAD.
Everything about this place was mediocre - except the service which was excellent.  The food was definitely not anything memorable.  Not bad but not great.  I haven't been to the original Barrio in ages but, my memory says it is much better.
Piano bar, very fun. I would come back, the views into the encore are beautify and overall it was enjoyable.
Not worth it.  Rubbery pancakes.  Potatoes taste ... Strange.   Only thing that was decent was the prime rib.
Waaaaaaay too much smoke in the Casino, yuck!\nAnd very, very low ceilings - very claustrophobic :(
Lifetime has everything and more than you need. The gym is kept up well and has full amenities,  the fitness instructors are top notch, and there is always an open spot for equipment. It is expensive, but with it, if you go all the time. Only negative they don't have wifi on the second level,
It's a great Walmart.
Ahhh no.  I tried the food and wine at this place 3 times over the last year.  I won't be going back.  \n\nIt is a good place for the tourist staying at the resort.  Keeps them from over crowding the good places.
Waited two hours for delivery. NOT COOL. tipped beforehand when i ordered. I called the person said they only had one driver and they had a huge catering order. You need to plan better. Lost a regular customer.
Wanted to retreat to a lounge after a long day.  This is not the place to visit.  It is a loud bar scene for the younger crowd.  Chose to pass on this \"lounge.\"    \n\nLounge is a stretch.  It is more of a club.
I always have a splendid time at Postino. The food is wonderful and usually comes out pretty quickly. Fun atmosphere and I love the historic building.
The happy hour menu is perhaps the most extensive and worthwhile in the city with a wide far from fancy fried artichoke hearts to sweet chile glazed chicken wings.\n\n$3 a pint is also great and I must say I was a big fan of the Marzen.
I was ok with the lunch special until the ants came marching.\n\nThat and I've never had so much grease on my pizza either...
Loud music draws you to the Indigo Lounge. When you hear the great singers and see that there is plenty of dance floor space you bring your cheap drinks inside. It is a great venue. I had a fantastic time whether inside or just outside listening to the music.
AMAZING dinner experience! The yellow tail sashimi was mind blowing. Thai beef cups & the rolls we had (don't recall which ones) were delicious. Waitress was fantastic & the place is beautiful inside. I highly recommend visiting the Social House.
Ghetto. Quality and selection seems to have gone way downhill.
The margaritas were awesome, great tequila. Queso fundido with chorizo was amazing. The pork belly tacos, rock fish tacos and cochinita tacos were great. The el churro banana split topped it all off. Amazing place to eat.
I ordered flowers from this place a couple of times and was dissatisfied both times unfortunately. I would not recommend using this service to anyone and would look elsewhere.
I always had a good experience eating here for lunch.  Yea it is a bit run down, but name some in the strip that aren't?  They have $5.00 lunch specials and Jimmy was always very nice and the huge stogies in his mouth just took me back.  Funny.. Highly recommend.
Awesome.  Got the pastrami.  Fresh bread.  Well seasoned pastrami.  Loved the slaw and fries on the sandwich.
Worst places ever they don't know how to help you at all never going there again they don't know how to explain things to you right I had to call customer service so they could off help me out worst manager ever and employee
Accueil amicale, le service excellent, les plats sont d\u00e9licieux et les portions sont raisonnables.
Mac n Cheese was damn good. Homemade bleu cheese was even better. Service was a little weak, but overall the dive bar/ lounge atmosphere and great beer selections are solid.\n\nWish they would expand the menu
YUM! Love the wrap option, makes for a lighter meal! All food prepared fresh on a grill right in front of you. Delicious! Great fast food option,  without the fast food taste!
great cake. absolutely disgusting frosting. way too thick and tastes like store bought.
Tried the food there recently and was pleasantly surprised at the quality!  Everything tasted delicious, the portions were good, the staff was friendly and the prices fair.  If you're in the neighborhood there, stop by and give them a try yourselves :).
It was fine. Not amazing food but not expensive either. It was a good value overall; the loaded potato was giant and very good, the salmon sandwich was good if a little bland.
Great places, full of nice baristas
Stopped in while working, I enjoyed the place. Good food, nice people and a large menu, I'll be back sometime soon.
I like their bubble tea, they offer hot and cold bubble tea with many flavors. The food is good too.\n\nMy Order: Original (Milk Black) Bubble Tea
Pretty good banh mi. Service was fine and sandwich was fresh and delivered pronto. I liked the little slice of heat on it but felt like the sauce could have been better.
Not good empanada
if you lucky enough to see a good band or singer this place is the bomb :)
Had a friend introduce me to this place and have found myself going back a lot. But just make sure you speak slow and make sure they understand your order.  But the food is always excellent
Very small place. About 9 or 10 tables and few seats at the bar. If you want to dine during dinner time you better make reservations weeks in advance. Very high quality Japanese food. Definitely not cheap. One of the best meal I have ever had. Foe Gras was to die for. 2 thumbs way way up!
This was pretty good, but a little salty. I was expecting a regular Korean BBQ place but was surprised to find that they serve Korean BBQ fast food. Close to lots of places and right off the freeway, I'll probably go back.
Always a favorite place to go that's casual and yummy ! Had their carmel chicken and it was so good ! All of the staff is very nice and this place is always super clean and tidy !
I'm not sure why this was rated so highly since it tasted like cat food shipped in from the Hawaiian Island by boat. Quite frankly, I've had nightmares that left me with a better feeling in my stomach that the substandard swill i at at this 'Hawaiian' restaurant.
The best I've had in Vegas as we all know Vegas Isn't known for bread LOL
Excellent menu with unique dishes and fair prices. We ordered the riccotta gnocci and the pork belly sandwich. Both were superb. My husband claims his drink was the best of our trip! Great service as well.
Whenever I go to Vegas I have to go to Drai's.... Great place to end your night and start your morning if you know what I mean... And there is a hot guy at the door that looks like Justin Timberlake... Me and all my girl friends go back everytime to see him...
ok but you can do much better\n\ngood apps - mediocre entrees - fun menu\n\noverpriced\n\nsort of a sad attempt to look steampunk but falls far sort of someplace like The Edison in LA
Great view of the strip from the patio. Mediocre food. Really nice staff. Not crowded for a reason- a restaurant with strip view and reasonable prices.
Surprisingly, the accommodations are a little worn already. However, I love the casino area. Very nice!
I LOVED this place best mani pedi ... very clean and relaxing !!! Staff was awesome and i loved we didnt feel rushed they massaged our feet. N legs very good and also with a hot stone ... all i can say is im going to be going here alot !!!
Best Customer Service!!  Best quality service!  i would Highly recommend them to anyone!
Good service!! Food was okay, I got the carne asada taco plate but the salsa but the chips and salsa were bomb.com
Pretty good. But there are lots of pretty good Mexican joints out there. Green salsa tasty and HOT. Very reasonable, hot tasty food. Red sauce  2-3 stars stick with green sauce. Would stop again if in the area.
Best burger ever! Homemade bun so soft and somewhat like Hawaiian bread. Truffle fries are amazing!
First time at this place and it was awesome!! Jeff the chef was super nice and his stuff is amazing, can't wait until he starts serving dinner.
Food is ok - nothing that knocks your socks off.   It is a place to be seen in the Scottsdale area.  If you want to enjoy dinner, there are many better places to dine in Scottsdale than there.
I go to \"Karaoke XXX\" all the time and love it :)  However, it is NOT on Mondays anymore.... Karaoke is now on TUESDAYS!!!!!  Come join the fun and maybe I will see you there.
I like to have lunch here after getting my nails done. The Chicken Tortilla Soup is amazing and a good fill up without making you feel gross.
k, so we went around 1130, the line was long for crepes, i waited about 30 mins for some nutella, and strawberry crepes.  it was good, but by the time i got my crepe, it was lunch. i would go here for the breakfast, lunch was okay.
Good food but always crowded....guess that means it's good!
What can be said about In & Out, doesn't matter which location perfectly consistent every single time. With that being said the only downside is crazy long drive through waits, even if you go inside it's also packed with people. That's the only reason for my Four Star Rating!
definitely not worth the money, but i feel this way about most of the hard rocks that i have been to.  the service was just ok and the nachos i ordered had toppings on just the top chips....the bottom chips were bare............i would not go again.
I love the pad thai it's so yummy and their thai iced tea is too bomb  the best thai food I ever tasted
Just a sandwich joint
Don't sit next to the fountain unless you want to yell your entire meal. This ruined most of our night, but the food wasn't bad. Large portions though. Right in the middle of the Casar Forum.
The service here is very slow. I have been to this location a few times, and I notice that service is continuously slow and they tend to get orders wrong.
Really nice location and beautiful patio. Crab cake benedict is great as well is the frozen hot chocolate but the service leaves much to be desired. Granted there was a computer issue, it seems like nothing was timely.
Very dishonest people and terrible workmanship would never take my vehicle here!
The concept of this bakery is great.  If only the cupcakes were too.. If you are looking for a sweet treat for your kids, this will definitely cure theisr sweet tooth and make for a fun experience.
Family favorite.. AYCE... all you can eat... we are from hawaii and this reminds of home..
My girl had heard a bunch of good things about this food truck so we went the thursday night and had tamago (egg) burgers, they was super greesy, and was sitting in a bunch of sauce. We did not enjoy it much but the fries were ok. The service was fast and friendly though.
Portions are huge! There is no way anyone should eat a full meal here. I'd say as far as quality they are average. Great happy hour prices.
2 stars for fast and friendly service. Other than that imagine a burger from wendys for double the price. And super salty peanuts. Oh and fries are better at wendys. For these prices check out lbs a burger joint inside of red rock. Waaayyyyyy betterr!
Being on St. Catherine, this location is always going to be packed and noisy. They have a decent selection of sandwiches if you need more than java, but the bacon, egg and cheese muffin tasted like something you'd get out of the freezer section and microwave at home. Not exactly worth $3.75 plus tax.
worst Adobada I've ever had in my entire life and I will never eat here ever again.
Kids loved it. Not enough to do with the smaller kids.
Good is great here. The service was sub par though. Very surprising, but fairly unfriendly in the bar area, and very slow in the restaurant. I have been several times, and it seems like something has changed here--I past visits the place was great. We will probably opt for another place next time.
New owners. Much smaller breakfast menu. Eggs were good, coffee excellent, pancakes sucked. Dry and tasteless. Waitress was very friendly, but our order was messed up and so was the only other table. New Years morning so a hangover may have been in effect. Will remain a loyal Trolley Barn patron.e
CLOSED!\nhttp://www.eatinglv.com/2013/07/poshburger-closes/
Honest very reliable guy, rebuilt my pump for minimal cost,  tried them all in wickenburg this guy is the best!
I have this place another try and it was good  taro boba mmmmm
I always get the tavern double and it's always clutch. But being in az for this red robin something wasn't the same. Service was weak idk if was from the holiday rush but it needs some help.
Awesome crepes\nI would recommend the peanut
The place is nice, but the service can be very slow. I didn't really care about the not so good service until the moment I was waiting near the door for my friends to put their coats on and a guy told us we either wait inside or outside but not near the door, in a very rude tone! Seriously?!!
Was here just to see the sirens if TI show which was amazing.
This place is awesome and I can say that despite never having gone. Thank you so much (times infinity!) for making my boyfriend's little birthday surprise such a success! \n\n-That crazy lady from PA
Arrived at sky harbor airport and Firefly Car Rental went home - 9 pm. Fend for yourself even when you have a reservation - horrible
Just got done having a nice dinner with friends. Great food and great service. Had the verde burrito. Great atmosphere and people.Will definitely be going back.
I love Melissa!  She is the sweetest and most positive person and always makes me smile.  She's always willing to make time and even suggested brining my daughter with me to have a girls day.  I can't wait for my next appointment.
Sooooo excited that I moved near this place. The food is so good for drive-thru Mexican & the staff is really nice, too. \nThe breakfast burritos are delicious, the dinner options are so tasty, and their 'street tacos' are the bomb. Me gusta!
Will definitely order again! Best cupcakes I've had not overly sweet cake was perfect
I've always had trouble finding someone that understood how to style my hair.  Vee is the only one that gets it.  He's so willing to suggest new styles when I need a change.  I always leave feeling amazing.  \n\nThe vibe is calming here an allows you to have some me time.
Seafood Bouillabaisse: It was phenomenal!!! Thanks to my man Darren for bringing me here for my late birthday and for buying me a box of their excellent macaroons to go. The fried artichokes were killer as well. Loved the service too.
Seems like one of the only spots to grab breakfast downtown aside from a chain. Good egg/meat platters (home fries were bomb!!) and awesome pancakes. No frills, no complaints, good value.
Service was slow and not attentive. Our Sushi sat at the sushi counter for 20 mins. The other food we got was cold and not very good.  Took over 1.50 hours to eat for 2 people. will not go back...
Cute streeet with tonnes of shops and eateries lead up to this amazing ferris wheel. I am afraid of heights so I was unsure, but the ride is so smooth you couldn't even feel yourself getting higher. Those who love flying over the strip at night will dig the view, and the price is right.
I think this place owns the hot dog place, which makes sense.  No one seemed to really like the pizza, and everyone was shooting here for a $2 hot dog.  Too bad the hot dog wieners are slim like slim jims.  Just okay, but great if you are short on time and funds!
Fun atmosphere, huge portions, simple menu, great concept for marketing their business. The nurses smack you with a paddle if you don't finish your burger Lol!
Everything was excellet!!! Food, Sake, service and etc etc...  I can't wait to come back.
Delicious!  Beautiful presentation and friendly service!  All you can eat is incredible deal for this quality!
Best pancakes in town!!!
We had a reservation here for lunch and they sat half the party, then told the other party who. arrived later that there was not a reservation. Our wine order took 15 minutes and lunch took 2 1/2 hours. Part of our group left because they had to go.
Not a huge fan. Here's what's up.. The place is for sure cool looking. Great vibe. Service is good too. The only thing I like there is the Crackling Calamari. Oh damn good happy too. \n\nThe sushi was just bland tasting.
It was great! Staff very friendly and knowledgeable
Slow service and this place charges for soda refills!!!  Pizza is ok, but NO FREE DRINK REFILLS!!!!  There's better.
These guys know what they are doing. Great work and the price is right!! Highly recommend
One of my favorites. Awesome food! Great Service! Super fun for all sports games, and excellent Sunday Brunch.\n\nTry the mac n cheese- my fav!
Yum!!!!! This place is great we have been about 5 times so far and each time it is perfect! Service was great and food is fresh and fabulous!
I used to love this nightclub.. Great music, great vibe, but they have the worst door team. Some of the employees act as if you're doing them a favor by going in. It's a fun place if you don't have to interact with their employees.
This is the greatest place to shop and you get the best deals and discounts. I am a big fan of frys i always have huge saving when i shop here!
Discovered this place last week. 99 cent french bread everyday and cookies - YUM! They also have sandwiches. I will try them for lunch soon.
This place  is the real deal. I tried a local Greek chain. My big fat and Z's smokes them all. Try it and see what good fresh Greek is all about.
This is legitimately the best Pizza in Las Vegas and Henderson.  Their garlic balls and wings are also fantastic.  I order from these guys at least once a week.  They take quite a bit longer to deliver (1 hour) than most places, but it's always been worth it.
We live in Scottsdale.  We were asked over the lunch rush to wait 15 min for a table.  Mine you....we have been frequent guests.  Poor service.
It's place is below average.  The food wasn't good and they don't do anything special.
It's a decent burger.  Not necessarily my style, but they do a fair job.\n\nNote this is in \"Planet Hollywood\" now (formerly Aladdin).
Food was ok nothing special. They did forget to give salad dressing for my salad. Nice patio great view of park and fountain. This place is better for drinks only!
Best sushi in Pittsburgh. Small restaurant so definitely make reservations and try the omakase. Like the tatami mat seating as well.
Your average buffet... Poultry options were scarce... if you're a sea food lover, then you're in heaven... the food was decent and filling.. nothing out of the ordinary.
Delicious enchiladas divorciadas, and pineapple mojitos!!
Love that there is a clean, fresh and actually healthy fast food option in Henderson! The food is like I would make at home- maybe not the most flavorful, but its clean and good for you which is what counts!
Paid top dollar to play in the morning, the greens are garbage, punched , slow , poor shape. Why pay to dollar for poor conditions
Been looking for good \"hole in the wall\" Mexican in Charlotte for over a year, glad I finally found this place. The salsa, queso, and chimi are all very good, much better than Azteca!
I had the best experience being tortured (waxed) at this spa! Lol! The atmosphere, staff, and service level was stellar. Prices were great as well. I will definitely go back:-)
Bernard, my French Bulldog loves it here and so do I!
What a great little place tucked away on 51st Aveue/Tbird.  Along with great coffee, sweet treats, who knew they had the best biscuits & gravy?  We did!
I love, love, love Chevy's.  Their chips and salsa and the best.  The chips are warm and thin and the salsa is fire roasted.  The entrees are tasty as well but I could easily make a full meal out of the chips and salsa.
I can't begin to tell you all the problems we had with this restaurant again won't be back, would not recommend this one. Mario Battali needs to actually visit his restaurants and train his staff on waiting tables and cooking steaks.
Costco does not offer a rainy-day guarantee on their carwashes.  Don't waste the $8.\n\nThis is the location I typically shop at for all my bulk-buying needs and though the customer service has always been a little lacking I've never had an issue, but this disappointed me.
Not impressed at all.  I would go somewhere else.  My soup was descent, but the other two meals delivered to our table were so pathetic that we didn't eat them.
I had a burger here, yes a burger at a sushi place kinda weird huh? It was amazing spicy and amazing.  Trust me please trust me.
This is my first experience with East Indian food. The price is hard to argue with. The selection of foods is pretty limited but also pretty tasty. I liked it.
Went here as a solo based on all the great Yelp reviews.  Burger was as good as advertised.  My waiter, David, was not only friendly but very attentive.  Service, especially for a solo, is always hit or miss.  Thankfully, the service was just as good or better than the food.  Definitely recommend.
WOW!  This must be the best Lenny's burger shop that I have ever been.  The dual ordering center is a major plus.  Burger still good but the chili dog is off the hook!!  \n\noh and dont forget the shakes.  to go. . .. .   :)
Excellent small place to go for wine. Charles is always friendly and helpful.
This place is enormous and built for hosting DJs.  It's pretty chill on the outside.  It's definitely not cheap.  What's up with the multiple floors though?  Sometimes it's a maze to get to where you want to go
This hotel was nice it's more family type though. The room was clean it was like a little apartment. Had it's own little kitchen, living room and of course the restroom. Also had a washer and a dryer a little jacuzzi. Overall the stay was good we had to ask for extra towels and blankets.
Best word to describe this restaurant.... OK. That's it. It's ok. The Byow is good. But everything else is ok.
My second time here. And must to say. Amazing !\n\nAt the first time I order starter and a pizza.   One. The starter was huge.  I could but even eat the pizza.  So meals here are huge.  And amazing. The pizza is the best !!!
Nice decor. Really only reason I'm posting this is its 11am they are open they didn't answer the phone when I called 8 times.  So had to drive down there to put my order in then they were rude and nasty about placing my order so yea customer service sucks big time
Great Food and Delivers up to 5 am.
I really like this sams club. The people are always nice and they have a great selection. I really like the self checkout. Great store.
Little place tucked away but amazingly good
I always have such a good time here! The drinks are good and priced well. It's more than just a place to grab a drink they have food and games to keep you entertained and hanging out. This is a great place for a low key night out or a painting the town red night out.
I ate there on 2/10/12 and got food poisoning,second time that I got poisoned at this establishment. I won't risk it again.
This is a great Apple Store as it is very spacious and has everything you need for you technology...
Not a big fan of this place..
If you like blue cheese with your steak then definitely gotta try the shaft's blue burger, the caramelized onions blends in well.
Fun round of putt-putt golf with the grandparents and daughter. Always a good time!
Boyfriend and I used to go in here for the great drinks and food but lately we have been getting horrible customer service and staff was not very friendly till we started flashing money. I understand you work for tips but we shouldn't have to throw you money just to get a refill.
An OK buffet.  Rare to find a buffet priced at $9.99 (with players card) these days.  Nice selection of choices...Seafood, Mongolian, American, Italian, and Mexican. Not much flavor with the prime rib...but priced right for a inexpensive quick fix for your hunger!
No matter what your heritage, there is something great for you here.  Service staff is above and beyond.  I got a sense of dining at home.  Love the atmosphere.
ekkk, I'll go here because it's near my school I like there Philly cheese steak and fries! Philly is really good and fries are great if you are not on a diet. They deliver and they have tons of parking, place is not that clean tho.
solid 3.5 stars. nice atmosphere, good food. service could've been a little better, but was ok. I would come back.
My husband and I ate here yesterday and we were pleasantly surprised! The food was very fresh and delicious. Portions and prices are decent. We will probably eat here again.
The wings are awesome!! They have great deal on beer buckets as well! Pool tables? You got it! Great place for happy hour with a bunch of friends..
It's good and it's fast, but I don't think I would take anyone here to show them authentic Mexican food or as an example of excellent Phoenix food.  If you are looking for good, quick Mexican food that's priced very well, this is the place to go.  Locations are convient.
It's a worst buffet with poor service. We have gone to other buffets in vegas, this is the worst one we had. Not much varieties. As starters and main course disappointed us we waited for dessert but of not satisfied. I don't suggest if are looking for a good food.
Good breakfast spot
The pizza Wes cold , is the to long to get the pizza , and pizza is was disgusted !!!
only open 7am-3 pm. breakfast and lunch only. good stuff for lunch and breakfast. Nice to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip and get some thing local..
Did not have a new advertised product okay.  But no glazed donuts??? Isn't that a staple.
I sometimes pick up bagels for the folks at work, usually on Fridays. This Einstein's location is always fast, efficient and clean. The staff are very friendly and take the time to go the extra mile.
I went to check out muscle Max and was not to impressed very small selection. They carry hardly any national brands and were trying to sell me things I've never even heard of. If the brands you were trying to sell were so good they would be sold nationally.
Very short golf course!  Was in great shape!
We have been getting our hair cut here for over 9 years now.  They are Fantastic! Especially Sarah & Christy too.  Love you girls.
Tasty, but the pulled pork had the mouthfeel of salmon salad. Kind of weird. The ambience is good, and the location is convenient to the business district.  For the location prices are very reasonable, but portions are small so don't expect a filling meal.
Pizza is ok for a quick bite but the service is very slow.
Everybody has seen this show in the multitude of television commercials. Experiencing it live is pretty cool. The show is well choreographed and somewhat short for the one-half hour wait for the show. It's a lot of water shooting up in the air, and once you see it, you'll need not go back.
There's not much to really say other than that I love the gyros here. They're huge and for a great price. The cook was also really nice, offering us some cookies and tea while we waited.
meal was amzing across the board. we had the shrimp cocktail which was amazing, ceasr salad and i had a the filet which was perfectly cooked and tasted amazing. it kills me when i order med/rare and my steak comes out medium but they nailed it....
The coffee and atmosphere were wonderful.  But $7 for coffee! Really?!
Friendly staff. The parking lot is kinda small. And the inside is small too. But the WIFI is fast. Nothing is wrong with the area like others say.
I haven't tried many items or the lunch buffet yet, but from whatever I've had here, I would say its a decent option for Indian food. Being a vegetarian, its a nice thing to know that there is no chance of meat ending up in my food.
Tried to go October 10, 2012. Appears closed. Maybe renovating but not open.
Excellent selection on the menu. We haven't had anything like what we ordered before, but it was superb! Most things are meant to be shared. Great way to spark conversations. I plan to return soon.
New Seahawks bar! Good beer/food specials for all fb games.  Chris is the GM he takes a real \"owners\" approach and is sure everyone is having a great time.
I still have a soft spot in my heart for the mirage but it's only a shadow of its former self. The pool is great though.
This place is OK.  They use provolone cheese and you have to request  cheez wiz which is synonymous to Philly cheesesteaks. The sandwiches are good a bit on the expensive side. They have sweet potato fries which is good.
Tried them twice now, and as far as Italian goes, pretty bland.  Service was kind if stuffy too
Used to be awesome.  I don't know what happened.
Waited for 20 for an average breakfast burrito. Average at best. Definitely nothing special about this place.
Exceeded my expectations! I love all the delicious options they have on the menu and they have a vegetarian section! Had an amazing margarita that the server helped me custom make! Really enjoyed my meal and the great service!
They go up and down - it's hit or miss.   The food is good but some of the staff could go to charm school.  There is some red head behind the bar who is as mean as they come.  I think she used to work at the buffalo chip
its not really worth the $8.00 my stylist was rude, rough with my shampoo
The only thing this place has going for them are the toppings. The yogurt is gross. I threw mine out! I am usually not a yogurt snob but this place doesn't even come close to my favorite.
Ate here for lunch: very limited menu, service was horrible and the sodas were watered down. I ordered antipasti for my meal and the rosemary/sea salt focaccia bread: both were very good!\nI heard Rao's was better for dinner, and would be willing to try again.
One of the best Mexican restaurants I've been to in Phoenix.  Everything I've ever had here was good, except the guacamole.  The guac is bland and uninspiring.
I take local friends and out of town friends on this trip 3-4 times a year.  All the people I've met who work for the company are friendly and super knowledgeable!
Got here 30 minutes before closing on a Friday night. Lots of food for not much money and very tasty stuff. The interior is not that great and it feels a bit like a dive, but a dive with very tasty food. Maybe a bit greasy but their chicken is unlike what you get at any other Mexican restaurant I have been to.
Stopped in to get a hot chocolate before the movies.  I asked for it without whip cream...it came with whip cream.  Oh well.  I drank as much of it as I could but it was too sweet.
Great customer service and trainers. But it smells bad inside when it's hot and humid outside
Nothing special at all, beers weren't very good and the burger was dry and bland.
Best sushi in town, well worth the 30min wait!! Service is great, the only thing is that it gets crowded but very good all around
A gem of the Northside!\nGreat brews.\nGreat food.\nGreat atmosphere.\nGreat staff.\n\nLove it!
My friend took us here. It was my first time. The \"snow cream\" in a cup was good. Was expecting more. But I guess I prefer fro-yo better (frozen yogurt w/ fruit or toppings).
Love this place - a must stop every time I am in the greater PHX area on business.\nSean and Elena in the bar are the best!!! Food is great, atmosphere even better after work and for games. Try the Scotch Eggs - a real treat.
It's a dive and the bartender was super rude. Have been there twice and just can't go there again, it's dirty and smells funny
So sad waited months as I watched this being built all that real estate space for this? Food so low quality like a cheap buffet limited selection did not taste fresh took it to go for 9 dollars NOT even worth stopping. Cashier could not count change back seems like low budget NO choices cheap food.
Super fun! Great host! Lots to drink... And lovely environment. Great for parties. Will definitely be back!
Awful. No substitutions, even for food allergies, the fried batter of the fish and chips arrived almost black, and the Irish stew was so salty it was literally inedible. They must really love using salt here cuz even the chicken wings were uncomfortably salty.
Worst massages ever!  I received one by someone not even licensed to perform massages.  He pushed so hard on my nose it hurt for days.  The other therapist applied no pressure but a vat of oil.
Rude to make people pull forward on drive thru. Have the orders ready in the order they were received. RUDE!
I order from these guys about twice a month....always friendly on the  phone and the food is usually quite good. They're close to my house so I always pick up. I recommend for those who don't like pizza chains (I don't).
Yummm love this place! I thought it closed but found out from a friend they just moved, THANKFULLY! Their angus beef, chicken, and gyoza are my favorite. Numm numm and love their sauce bar for dipping;)
There has been a pile of vomit on there sidewalk for 10 days, For the life of me I cannot believe they havent taken care of this, such a turn off.  Today is 10/3
Maureen at the Sue Devitt makeup counter is truly wonderful! She is an expert in her field.
It's not the worst Walmart I have ever been to but its not the best. They could have better customer service. They usually don't have enough registers open for the people that's in the store. With that being said I have always found what I was looking for there so that's why I gave it three starts.
The appearance and customer service are great, but as a native Chicagoan I gotta say that I was disappointed with the pizza. Perhaps its because I ordered a simple pepperoni, but it definitely NOT Chicago-style pizza. If you are a native Chicagoan, don't waste your time.
I'll chime in to support most of what has already been mentioned - the place aesthetically isn't that great but they do have awesome wings.  I get the garic parmesan wings every time.  MMM MMM MMM Good!
OMG!  Amazing ice cream and the brownie was even better.  Love the concept, farm fresh milk from Superstition Farms for homemade ice cream.  Wish I would have tried this place along time ago.
Been there 4 times, gotten worse every time.  Definitely don't go on a Sunday, they were out of several menu items but we didn't find out until about 15 minutes after we originally ordered. Service was meh, still up in the air about whether or not we will ever go back
The lady behind the counter is hella RUDE!!! She made a mistake on my order  and when I went to tell her about it she blamed it on me! Lol.. Smh.. She needs to get fired!! Not my fault she hates her job making minimum wage!!!
This place looks like a Tor Burch store crossed with Star Wars.  WTF were they thinking?
I can only give it to stars .I was so disappointed we ordered sandwiches for delivery they were very nice and the delivery man was very friendly and they were fast. The bread was horrible .my last time ordering from there .
Really a nice menu and good food, a true ma and pa place. They run the counter and the Grill
Drinks are great,better food elsewhere
The food quality and selection were not good.  The desserts looked as if they had been prepared by Wal-Mart.  I will not be going back for seconds.
Service is really good. Food is even better. Hidden gem. Pad thai is amazzzzing. Daily specials and great happy hour
It's ok but awful considering the high price .  Mediocre food, not a large selection, and understaffed.  Do yourself a favor and go anywhere else.
3 dart machines, a Foosball, a shuffleboard. Wouldn't call this a place for games. Upstairs opens at 11? What's up there that's not open at 9? But as a bonus, drinks are cheap, staff is friendly. Great job.
Wonderful European pastries.  If you are looking for super sweet and over processed, go to Safeway.
Great shop. Easy to work with especially when it came to rentals. I booked online and picked up signed some papers and I was on my way to an adventure of a lifetime. Nice and clean and a lot of soft goods on the floor, not very common at the HD shops in my home area. Great shop nice staff check em out!
This was delicious!! Margarita with ham pepperoni sopressata pineapples and peppadews, Francisco you really know your stuff!! Thanks for the help it was phenomenal!! See ya next time, \nFORK AND KNIFE IT!! :)
Having car problems is already bad enough. Labor was expensive but expected for a franchise. Customer service on the other hand was awful.
Nigiri Sushi was fresh and delish. Lots of variety on the rolls. Not bad price as cars sushi goes.  Not the most expensive but not the cheapest either. Would have give. Five stars they were very short staffed so service was slow....pleasant but slow.
Best breakfast around! Never had lunch or dinner here, but I've tried many different things on the breakfast menu and have never been disappointed. The food taste great, and they have a full bar. I love that dogs are welcome too!
Avoid the drive-thru if there is more than one person in line. The drive-thru is annoying, slow, and completely negates the point of its \"inconvenience.\" \n\nGo inside, the staff is friendly and helpful.
PLEASE READ: new owner, restaurant name \"Pho Hanoi\"\n\nMost of the food pictures I saw on the yelp is NO longer on the menu. There is a new menu. \n\nBut the food Was just okay. Not great.
Limited selection of desserts but what they offer is amazing, especially the lemon meringue tart and their passion fruit macarons. However, they don't know how to make a cappuccino to save their lives. Snotty ambiance.
Sorry to hear it but it was reported in the Republic that Floyd's is closing.
I gotta say the burger was super yummy... fries not so much!
Very disappointing, the food tasted very odd.. The chicken wrap had a disgusting flavor as well as the burger. I will not be coming back.
Their food is pretty good overall but sometimes you get a waitress with a bad attitude .  \n\nHowever one of the best places in vegas.
2 only because guacamole was good. Service was okay, attentive at first, but no check-ins after food was served. \nFood was eatable, but not impressive by any means. Rice comparable to uncle bens, to paint a picture.
This place is Good Mexican food!  Love the Taco Salad. My husband had the Chili Relleno, Enchilada, rice and beans. It was REALLY good too!!!  Yummy  Yummy Yummy
This is our favorite Mexican restaurant. Their chips and salsa are awesome! They have great fajitas, spinach enchiladas, chimis. We've never had a bad dish. Drinks are also great.
What a disappointment. This facility used to be first class. Now it's poorly managed, machines are always out of service, locker rooms are disgusting and the customer service is some of the worst in town. The manager is very arrogant, immature and doesn't seem to be qualified to run his own life, let alone this or any business.
Very unfriendly service!
First time ordered from this location.  Waited for about 20 minutes for 2 large pies.  Average wait time.  Wasn't too busy with carry-out, but the drivers were going in and out with the deliveries.  Only come here when coupons are available.  Will try this place out again in the future.
Had a huge lemom cupcake with cream cheese frosting. Nice strong lemon flavor to the cake and the frosting was creamy and delicious. The shop is conveniently located in a mall and reasonably price.
Very overrated, in my opinion. I'm assuming it's getting high marks because of the focus on some low-country food. Atmosphere is not that unique, elevator music. Food is fine, if not spectacular. Service was innattentive, not-very-knowledgeable. Alot of better options uptown.
I've been twice now to bambinos and both times have been a positive experience.\nThe food was delicious and the wait staff friendly. \nIt's great place to take the family and enjoy good food.
The drinks are good but the service is way too bad. The bartender are rude and show an attitude without caring for your drink. I would give 5 start for food, but the service without attention is no good for the restaurant. The bartender name was Katie.
Had the pleasure of eating here with a group of 20... The gave us a set menu with a variety of options. The food was amazing and so were the drinks. I recommend the sliders.
Good service! Cool vibe & decent polish food.
Super friendly, knowledgable staff. Les and Deebo are fantastic business owners and definitely take care of their customers! They also own Sitara Hookah Lounge in the same plaza! Both places are a must go-to!
Sushi was good. All you can eat was limited. Service suck big time.
Extremely good food and service... but the portions could be better for the price paid.
This is the king of Vietnamese places in Vegas. It's got a huge menu and is open 24 hours. It's not the best in town but solid with lots of variety and a great choice if you're out on the town late at night. You could do a lot worse.
We chose this restaurant, despite being in a very touristy area, because we wanted something reliable when we were very hungry. Very happy with the menu selection and the food! The servers were very nice as well.
I had the frittata and the espresso shake. They were both delicious. The service was great, the prices very reasonable, and you can either drive thru or eat in. Great customer service.
Great food and service every time!
Always great service and great food! Parking isn't great but they have a fast turnaround so there isn't too long of a wait.
Awesome.   Oyster heaven.
Always a great experience when we come in!! Logan the manager is great!! Got us our food and drinks quickly and friendly!! This is our go to shake spot!!!!
Been there twice... pretty decent, better than most, friendly staff, clean restaurant, good price, spent a lot of time in that bldg. Back when it was a Native New Yorker.
This QT is big, clean, spacious, with great stock and really easy to get from/to the highway.  Hard to know it's even here if you're on the highway, but it's one of the most convenient gas/stores on this stretch of SR-101.  Always fast service too.
Pizza sucks and so does service
Best pancakes ever!  Check 'em out.
an old favorite. love to come here, not necessarily for the food which is ok, but it is a great place to hang out and enjoy your meal with friends. the staff always smiles.
A great little \"Tesoro Escondido\"! Delicious local flavor, great taste and excellent value.\n\nASOMBROSO!
Excellent quality and ample choices at each station. great presentation and very clean
the food is generally pretty good but they're not very patient and i always feel rushed at the drive through. i always feel like i have to check my order to make sure i got what i paid for and half the time i'm missing something.
Their grilled pork tenderloin here is amazing--and I'm not even a fan of pork!  I recommend getting this dish while here. \n\nWe were also able to get a table facing the Bellagio water show, which was awesome to view.
They were really nice and welcoming here at the Gelato Bar.  The staff lets you try  anything flavor you want.  There is fruit flavored gelatos to coffee and vanilla.  The coffee and vanilla were my favorites.  I would definitely go back here again.  I love this place.
Pretty standard five guys experience here. I live and work close by so I frequent this location often.\n\nThe food is good and the staff is quite friendly. My only minor complaint is that the ketchup dispenser is often low...and I love ketchup.
great atmosphere, awesome tea bar (right when you walk in) and the fire and tv outside really gives you a warm feeling. When i was there, they had a musician playing so I thought it was great!
Great burgers and chilli. Fun atmosphere! Knocked down a star because they don't have fries?? How can a burger joint not? Anyway, loved the live country band.
I signed fuel option, yet gate agent didn't log it, so I had to argue with return agent upon return. Actually this happened several times lately at Hertz, so those who buy fuel option, be aware.\n\nCar was clean and in good condition though.
One word to describe this store.... Ghetto!! Do yourself a favor and go to Vons up the street. Staff here are usually clueless and the layout is terrible. Also u can smell the seafood dept clear across the store. It's just gross.
These folks are doin' DD RIGHT!!!
just got here the server brought water and beer and then disappeared for 10 min and I don't even know when she is coming back ! Wow terrible place here!
Friendly staff but sandwiches are kind of small. I ordered the breakfast club. It looked and tasted like I'd expect any bacon, turkey, tomato, etc sandwich to taste.  Nothing special to write home about. Is it sacrilegious or anti-foodie to say I might actually prefer McD's breakfast sandwiches?
Awesome place! I love the concept; pretty much they have a healthy and fattening version of the dish you want, and both are really delicious! Yummy smoothies too :)
a really interesting space for intstallations.  I've only been there a few times, but need to make a trip back there.
Amazing and professional i have eaten all over The  world and this place kicks ass for The money try the spicy burro and fish tacos!
Stand Up Live had an amazing atmosphere and the restaurant connected was fabulous. Copper Blues, gotta check it out!!!
Disappointed for a Hilton. While room was large and spacious, bathrooms were dated. I can hear every move the people upstairs make since they checked in around 130am and then unpacked for 30 minutes. Air is loud and noisy as well. Just disappointed....
King for a day!  \n\nThe Cut is rather expensive, but you are pamered throughout the day.  The Kobe steaks are rich and tender.  The service is superb and make you feel wanted. \n\nOverall, a great experience at the Cut and certainly worth it if you are willing to pay the price.
First visit to spice cafe!! Heard it was great!  My fork and taste buds will let me know!!!!\nOrdered take out.  Chicken Tikka Masala...veggie vada, plain naan.  I will have to return for Chicken Biryani.
Super weird when a Jersey Shore-esq guy wearing True Religion jeans is walking around filling everyone's water glasses. \nGreen Tea Martini is absolutely amazing, sushi wasn't fantastic.\n3 stars because it was awkward.\nWould not return.
Great spacious dinning area for family, friends and co workers. Pizza was delivered in a timely maner (20min). Prices are reasonable here. Courteous waiters and clean restaurant.
As good as it gets. Great rate and value for the money. My room was clean, bed confrontable facilities clean and to boot,  decent  breakfast and evening snack enough to count as a meal.  Stayed here for a week and would stay here again.
Beautiful costumes. This place has a huge variety of everything. The gal that was working gave me a 100% tour of the store. She was so sweet and I'm glad she walked me through the store. I will be back but now I can't decide what to be for Halloween!
Good in a pinch. Not my favorite thing in the world and with 5 guys opening across the street they'll definitely be seeing less of me, but overall nice to have around, although I always seem to crave it on Sundays.
Their manager Brandon has the audacity to argue with customers. Extremely rude manager with 0 ounce of professionalism. It was truly a disgustig display.
So great to see a history that could have very well been lost to the public being displayed for all to see. Not to mention all the fun souvenirs!
I just don't like when it's a party of 6, two are my kids who are just 3 &  2 years old.  We get the bill and there's gratuity for a the large party!  Wtf?
Pretty standard for a chain Italian restaurant. Would give it higher rating but the Host was not very nice.
The latest stop in my quest to find the best pastrami-on-rye in Valley. This place? Ew. \n\nSome of the meat was not chewable and the cole slaw had SUGAR in it. Nuff said.
The night employees from this particular mcdonalds are VERY RUDE!! I feel they don't care about the customers! And not only they make you wait a ridiculous amount of time but also are very careless! I don't recommend this mcdonalds! !!!
It's nice to have a bigger gas station.
This was great show to see. My children ages 10 and 5 also enjoyed it. We will go back again. He is the best Elvis I have seen. The crowd also seem to enjoy the show.
Some huge company own this place and Souplantation because they're identical which isn't a complaint for me. I like these kind of salad places. Come and eat as much salad as possible and this location wasn't bad. Salad was fresh. Also, military discount.
You are insane to pay these prices for ca wine \nPompous and self absorbed\nEscape with your credit card\nNever made past the bartender \nHe ignored us successfully for 20 mins
You can get some good deals here. The food court ain't too shabby. The outlet has a lot of good stores. Parking is ample.
Darryl did a great job at installing a water pressue regulator valve at my house when there was very little room to work with.  He finished the job that he said he was going to do and he charged me a fair price.  I would recommend him to anyone.
I wouldn't take my dog to Mr Luckys. Do you feel lucky punk? Well, do you?\n\nBad food. They can't even make a decent hamburger and fries, let alone something like a portabello burger.
One f the best hot dOgs I've had. It did not break or spill or get all over places. I dislike the daiquiri though. It was too sweet.
I've never had such great customer service in years, until these guys showed up to my home.  They were very professional, courteous and very knowledgeable about their trade.  They put us at ease within minutes even though our entire home was flooded.  I'd recommend this company to anyone in need of their services.
I moved here from Connecticut where we don't have a Del Taco and all I can say is I hope i always live near one the rest of my life. It's very inexpensive and it tastes amazing compared to other mexican fast food chains.  Everything is always fresh and delicious.  I fell in love my first bite!
The lunch menu is perfect. They are fast for a sit down restaurant and very helpful. I love the pad thai. My daughter loves that they make octopus hot dogs. I have never eaten here besides for lunch but I think it would be a good place to stop as well.
I try really hard not to give a negative review but I just have to this time around. I'm at a 5a7 and ordered the angus burger. It was a brick and dry, I couldn't even take a bite. They offered to change it, I refused because it was awful. Never again will I eat here.
Not to mention about the beer. It is great. \nFood? no more than your expectations. just average.\nbut the thing is the place was too noisy and crowded. \n\nDespite all the flaws, if you hit the Tempe, why not?!
Great atmosphere great ice cream and burgers friendly staff best DQ around looking forward to come back again
Surprisingly food tastes better than it looks, and it comes with unlimited beer/wine. It's bang for your buck type of buffet. It wasn't one of the greatest buffets but it didn't taste bad either. I say try it if you are @ palms
Wouldn't give me a cup of water with my meal, bad customer service. Not enjoyable experience here at all.
I love going here reminds of East LA taco stands. that I  miss very much.  My Husband an I eat here pretty often an everything we have tried is delicious. So if you are from Southern California an looking for East LA tacos I recommend eating here. :)
the customer service here was phenomenal. food was delicious. will be back soon for more!
They add $3 to every purchase just because they're inside the Golden Nugget. Not cool.
I love this place, everything I have had has been delicious, pizza, sandwiches, calzones, and the bread sticks( especially with the pesto sauce to dip it in ). But, if you really want something yummy, you MUST try the apple pie dessert pizza, its amazing!
MSG, MSG, MSG!!! I got headache after one hour of dining here. I will not eat again in a cheap buffet.
Will never go back back. Mediocre Pho. Lousy service. They act like they serve the best Pho, but I would say there are other Pho with similar quality but cheaper.
I stop in for the lunch menu every now and then. The service is always very friendly and speedy. I usually get a taco and cheese enchilada.
Awesome malts, shoestring french fries and burgers. Have to make a pilgrimage whenever I'm in town.
I am in Las Vegas for awhile, and a good friend took me to Yu-Yu for Kushi-age. It's awesome.  Wonderful food and very down to Earth.  Get a bowl of rice and some clear soup with your Kushi-age.  Why isn't this in the rest of America?!
3.5 stars\nHowie Burger was good but nothing earth shattering. I had great service and the ambience is nice. Nothing over the top though or that I would say you must visit while you are in Phx.
Service is practically nonexistent. We went for lunch and the only server was on the phone. Restaurant is empty except for 2 other tables. We sat ourselves and got menus ourselves. Food is salty and not up to standard of any average Chinese restaurant. This will be our first and last visit. Not recommended.
Descent boneless wings, cold beer, good variety on the menu.  Our waitress was attentive.
Worst post office ever. I've never seen more than two people working the counter, and I've never seen fewer than a dozen people waiting in line (this is not an exaggeration). The employees give incorrect information, and they are rude while doing it! Go to Paper Crazy on 12th Street if you need to send something.
The people here are not the nicest of people....seems like they just wanted to get through the day
I really don't understand how they still on business, they don't care about the customers that go in the store AT ALL, I order some cupcakes for my sons bday and cancel them after I think of my experience after I left the store. The owner of the store really have to do something.
Great food and great service ! My favorite sandwhich shop in town, having lived back east , it reminded me of a good east coast sub shop , great Philly cheese steak and Italian sub
They over serve.
Your basic airport. Nothing special to get excited about.
Went here with an old friend last summer just to watch the NBA playoffs.\nThe ambience of the place is weird (strip club-like feeling) and the cocktails are horrawlful (horrible and awful).
This store is like a mini Sam's club! I cant find anything and walk around and around, and end up finding things I didnt know I needed
Didn't think much of it to cramped inside cool outside though.
IMR is the best company in vegas! Very professional with reasonable prices and the massages are outstanding. I highly recommend Elliot ... Magic hands!
I don't know how this place stays in business. There are no customers! The salespeople all stand around in a huddle waiting for the pack leader to go out for the kill. We went the other way. Lots of expensive things to buy, but nothing we wanted.
Again. I cannot wait for the new one to open.  This one is slow and has poor quality.
I used to go here all the time when I lived in Tempe. Always open seating, consistently good food and the price is right. Can't wait to visit again when I am back in town this winter!
Hate to give it up because I enjoy eating Breakfast here on the weekends when all the big names in the area are overcrowded with long waits. Great inexpensive food. Biscuits and gravy, homefries and ham and bacon all awesome! Owner and staff are friendly and efficient! Always great friendly service, hope you enjoy!
Very delicious and flavorful food!! I ordered the chicken shawarma plate; the chicken had great flavoring and it wasn't dry. Our waiter was very attentive and our food came out fairly quick! This place is a hidden gem in the Henderson/Anthem area!
My friend and I went here for her birthday lunch.  We had an awesome waitress named Elizabeth she was busy but super nice and fun the whole time.  The food was GREAT...loved the seafood soup.  We will return again for the PAINKILLER.
This place is old, noisy, and run down. It is very kid friendly...but I can't imagine traveling all the way to Vegas with your family just to spend time at Circus Circus. Your kids will be happy, but you will want to die.
Came here after shopping because me and my friends we're starving! The food was alright and it was kinda weird how they charged extra for chips and salsa because usually restuarants give that stuff for free. The waiters were pretty nice me and my friends were pretty loud and some were buzzed! Cute place but the food is just average.
My wife got sick within a few hours of leaving the restaurant.  She ordered the appetizer sampler and it was bad news from there on.  Many other optiosn while you are in Vegas - I would eat someplace else.
Delicious healthy foods and pressed juices.  Always busy during lunch but the wait isn't long.
If I'd never been to wicked spoon, I would have thought this was fantastic. The quality was good/ok, but it was crowded, and expensive for what you get unless you are just planning to Hoover mass quantities.\n\nIt was a little Disneyland-buffet ish.
Cutest clothes! They have a lot to choose from and everything is reasonably priced. They have everything from casual to club wear. It just so happens to be located at tivoli village which is one of my favorite spots to dine.
Come here every once in a blue moon to overfill my belly... I can always find a few good items, plus they seem to have made to order steaks on every visit. Last time I went for lunch they were making cheeseburger sliders and they were really good : )
Deep dish pizza was soooo delicious! The best ever. Calamari was a giant serving and yummy. Enjoyed spaghetti and meatballs too. Lots of leftovers! Come early because it gets busy.
Not recommended for dinner. The chicken makhani was made with overcooked meat and chilli chicken was made with refried meat probably cooked few days ago, it was tough as leather.
This place is awesome. The \"what it is\"...so delicious. I'm from Cincinnati and we come here at least once any time we are in town.
Awful. Everything is way too salty and overpriced. You can get a better burger across the street at 5&Diner. Cool decor, though.
Great restaurant that was stumbled upon.  Always seem to have a delicious Sangria on special.   Everything seems homemade and fresh.  Recommend the potstickers.  I would give it a try if you were in the area, but wouldn't make a special trip for it.
The look I got when I asked if the customers is always right ...I got no\nThis place is exactly what is wrong with the country as a customer wanting to pay for something they standby their corporate structure and unavailability to think outside the box they are perfect robots.
a lot of people like the rio buffett. I tried it and didn't like it AT ALL. \n\nThe seafood weren't fresh! that's why.  I expect it to be good quality for the price!
Really good, much better than any other food I've had at an airport. Had the I &O breakfast sandwich. YUM!
Ehh it's like the DMV of fingerprints! They have lots of parking and are not too slow and prints are only $6
THERE WAS A HAIR. THERE WAS A HAIR IN THE KOREAN PANCAKE.\n\nWe found it during \"Leftovers for Breakfast\". I am crushed.
Nachos were great! Large kid chicken fingers and fries!  Took advantage of the 2 for 1 beers.  Victoria on tap, yummy.  The nachos were giant, layered with meat and cheese...really tasty.   Great atmosphere too.
It is a swamp too many mosquitoesmake sure you wear full sleeves and long pants and take mosquito repellent. Driving range also not good
Decent pizza, pretty close in quality to Setabello. Menu has gotten a lot smaller and the price is a little on the high side for pizza. Good service and cozy environment.
place is usually clean, but very heavy on the smoke..its hard walking through this place sometimes...and the fact they have a movie theater and bowling they have to realize kids come through as well
Absolutely love this little place.  Support your local guys!  Nice bikes, wonderful customer service.
Decent food for a bar.  Very small place so you have no choice but to listen to the idiots at the bar.  Service was OK.
Darn it! I have been going to this place for years and it seems that they have diminished their seving size. Bummer, time for the other guys.
Its gets really loud. Food is great.
Just doesn't taste good like Pizza Hut used to. Thank god a couple other pizza places opened up that deliver.
Best pizza joint around. And there is some good pizza in this neighborhood. Wife had mia minis. There little cinnamon bites with icing side. Nice little treat.
Crust was soggy even though the pie was lacking in sauce. It was too thick, and the rest of the ingredients were lost, though were of good quality. The taste of the crust was good however. so if you like your pizza crust on the soft and doughy side, its an ok pizza.
Average prices, cheap products.  Probably the only reason I was able to return a defective ink cartridge was because I am an attorney and I did not give up when the manager told me it was impossible because it had been opened.  How else was I going to find out that it was defective, esp?
I've had some pretty mixed experiences here; it's very hit or miss. Great place to surprise friends with their inventive vegan offerings. Good place to take kiddos as well.
I love the Gyro!!! \"Yummy\" and the Ovo Lemon Soup was the best I ever had.
Easily the best company to book your Vegas weekend!! Jason hooked it up better than any promoter ive worked with before and you know us guys need it! He treated my group and I more like his friends than just another credit which I respect. I will never go with another company for my Vegas trips!!
A must on any Vegas trip, a nighttime viewing of the spectacular fountains.\n\nA great FREE attraction right in the heart of the strip.\n\nA must see in Las Vegas!
Awesome German beer hall atmosphere, and great German beers!!  This place is great, definitely worth stopping by and having a beer or  three.
G&S Does a great job on our two story commercial building. They also do a great job at my home. A++++
My hubby and i love the kiki burger
I had the pleasure of Elan doing my nails, and she is soo talented! I love her!
This place is awesome, if you want a home cooked meal, or just simply good food.  The salmon was so good and the smell of the wood grill makes you crave for the food even greater.  Can't wait to go back!
Slow and impersonal. Decent prices but I will not bring my daughter back to this location. If you're not happy with your job, do something or go someplace else.
This place is just ok. Over the past few years it seems like the quality of their food has gone downhill...hopefully they can turn things around, I use to love their food!
VERY good pizza and lasagna!!\nNice atmosphere, overall great restaurant but the lasagna took longer than the pizza? Will go back next year!
Convenient location.  Very \"cold\" atmosphere and service, absolutely nothing warm or cozy about this place.   Espresso not to up to the standards of many other places.
Came in for desert.  Service was terrible.  Ice-cream was good, but was it better than what i can get at a Diary Queen - I am not so sure.  Nostalgic atmosphere for sure, but not a lot else going for it, sorry
We were not impressed by their service. It was lunch time and we ordered our meals but it came later. Food was ok.
they took us on a holiday weekend and we had a great time! our nails look great and we are already looking at when we can go back! ;-)
Recently got my wheels done and Juan did an outstanding job! Thank you for your attention to detail...
Well, when I pay $18 for a glass of sparkling I expect my server to care a little. Asked for check from server assistant, host in ear shot and they said they'd send the server. Well, that never happened. Wasn't busy either. Pass.
Worst haircut I've ever gotten. The stylist cut my bangs way too short and uneven, she obviously has no idea how to cut curly hair (she insisted that after flat ironing them they'd be perfect, but my hair will always have a little poof in it). Stay away!
Great price for some really good authentic-tasting food
I finally found my dive bar.  Right when I walked into the Coach House I could smell the diviness. An old pinball game, cheesy darts, cheap drinks, and rockin music.\n\nI am in love.
Love their thai tea! Freshly made by hand along with all the sauce.  The nem nuong is the best appetizers!
The food is decent but a lil pricey and limited hours
This is by far the best Chinese food in the valley. The pan fried noodles and sesame chicken are AWESOME!!!! I eat here at least once a week.
PUSH Models is #1! It doesn't get any better, they are extremely professional and have so many amazing gigs. If you get the chance to work with Lawrence McBride you should definitely take it!
I was told there was a gluten free menu but that was not the case. Horrible options if you are gluten free.
This was excellent - authentic Polish food and delicious! Great for a little unpretentious lunch spot. We would come back!
I should know by now.  3 stars on Yelp is most likely a loser in my book.  Grease city! $25 for 2 dogs, 2 waters & 1 fries. Wide choice of toppings.
This was my first time here and my server Jacob was amazing. I asked about the dishes and he walked me through them along with telling me about the different spice levels of their sauces. I would definitely recommend this as a place to go for great food, drinks and service!
First time there and the food was really good, but way overpriced. Might go back again, but there are cheaper and better alternatives out there instead of spending almost, $10 for a combo.
Love this place, usually hit it at lunch.  You can get two giant slices of cheese or pepperoni or a slice, salad and drink for $8.  I'll usually get the two slices and eat the second for dinner that day.
Great view from water show
The food is ok, a bit greasy but most Chinese food is now-a-days. The staff is really nice and they will cook to order off the menu if you ask.
This place is so outdated... the rooms are for those who just want to have a place to crash... maybe with a group of friends on a whim trip! The location is nice for going places on the strip but this hotel is in need of major repair!
The food was okay not great.  The dishes were a bit salty and nothing particularly special.  Our server was very pleasant and friendly.  Danielle is smoking hot so I might consider going back to have a cocktail here but there are better dining options available when in Vegas
Food was delicious and service was great! Friendly staff and good food. Loved the sisig and adobo plates. Before you leave you have to have the white chocolate champorado.
This place is a nice little Mexican restaurant. I had a carne asada taco and a chicken enchilada. The carne asada was amazing! The enchilada was decent. I will definitely recommend this place to friends.
the service was a little lacking the night we went... no bread for like an hour!   but honestly best crab cake evar.  my scallops were darn good.  darn good!!!
Our family has been going here for 20 years.  The food is excellent.  The ambiance is New York City deli style.  Their breakfast is the best part and especially the omelets.  My wife loves the chicken soup with matzo ball.  Everyone should go here at least 1-2 times.
Food is decent, I usually get the pulled pork. The mix sauce of hot and mild is not too spicy.
Love TJ's bacon ends and pieces! Yummy and reasonably priced. Their dried pineapple rings and dried mango make tasty teething treats for my 6 month old. :) Wish it was within walking distance though.
This place is f*ing disgusting. Soggy fries, soggy burritos, soggy tacos, hard rice & dry meat. Disgusting. Only thing good is the juice. Hire new cooks please. If I could give 0 stars I would've...
Pizza is great but this place is overpriced for what it is.
I can back up Kendra's statement about the menus as well. We had to wait ten minutes for a menu because there were non available.
The setup, location and offerings here look promising. I'm looking forward to making another trip in the future. I was here with my wife and some friends for a Yelp event so my experience was limited but promising. I'll definitely add more detail if/when we make it back to that side of town to try it again.
I got business cards printed here. They had them done within 3 hours with good quality, just a bit pricey.
Got an oil change, it was fairly priced and done quickly.  Employees were polite and helpful.  They noticed one of my brake lights were out, and helped me resolve the issue in the least expensive way possible.  If I'm near glendale again, this is my go to garage if I have any other problems.
Great Spot! The chocolate chip Cookie French toast is amazing. HUGE portions as well. Dare anyone to try and finish those two slices of heaven in one sitting.
Great hang out the night before the Nebraska game to get away from the football party scene.  A cool, comfortable lounge great for cocktails and conversation.
The boneless wings though tasty were all batter. I picked most of it off. The burger looks amazing and was huge. Could be a little more well lit during the day but the staff was wonderful and the food was pretty good.
After apx. 43 visits to Postino East, I believe I have a handle on their menu and wine list, but... I sure wish there was an app for the Poblano Corn Soup! Its to die for, can I get a bucket of that to go?
Omg I love this place food great\nCoffee my favorite hazelnut the best\nOwner and employees are so nice\nCan't wait till I come back
Rude !! They lie on the website . For instance, the details about the room are scams . Youll find a 1990 TV  and so on .Moreover, service is bad , I won't recommend it at all .
I was pretty excited about trying this place out after looking at posted photos on YELP and reading a descriptive menu online.\n\nSmiling employees upon arrival. \n\nMorning Torta is very good. Breakfast burrito is very good. \n\nI would definitely go back.
A traditional pub & hotel located next to the Murrayfield Hotel. Very friendly staff, quaint bar and impressive looking menu. I haven't as yet eaten here so cannot comment, but plan to soon enough!
Overrated and nothing great on the menu...need more healthy options. No local or seasonal items on menu either or doesn't leave you with a unique experience like most caf\u00e9s do.  \nSorry Charlotte...Tupelo is not what you deserve. Owners please revive your business.
Oh em gee!! Try the quinoa stuffed avocado with chicken! Explosion of flavors!!! Yum!
Nice ambiance, friendly staff and good dining options. Prices are a little high for what your getting but the ambience is nice. I'm sure I will go back one day.
Ok food, you really eat here for the star power
Worst Customer service in town. Sales staff are uneducated in their product.
Went for breakfast this past weekend before heading out on a motorcycle ride. Ordered the omelet and hash browns.  This is probably one of the best breakfasts I've had in quite sometime in Charlotte.  The staff was friendly and very good.\n\nHolding the 5th star for the second visit.
The food here is delicious; service is great and it's family operated, meaning they greet you with recognition and warmth when you walk through the door.
Great store!  Everyone there is very helpful.  We bought our sons bedding and crib there as well as a few odds and ends.  Will be back if we have another little one.  My only complaint is that moving my pregnant body around the store was a little hard because it's a little over crowded with stuff.
3.5 stars\n\nI've stopped in a few times (most of the time when there was a live band). The band was always fun, playing top hits. The crowd always varied. It can take a while to get a drink at the bar, but they do have a good selection of beer.
Loving this place. The best Island Curry chicken Sandwich I have ever had, and did I mention the amazing lattes. They only have three flavors, vanilla bean, caramel and Belgium chocolate but they are all homemade in store and for fantastic. I cannot wait to try the crepes I have heard so many good things about them!
Good box, good programming, good coach, good people.
I like it. No problems! No issues :)
You get what you pay for and this place is very affordable.\n\n If I'm drunk and feeling cheap the place is pretty ok for delivery; but dead sober it's a disappointment. \n\nI've ordered a few times and there is a good hit or miss factor.
Absolutely horrible. I'd be offended if I was Mexican.
Awesome little hole in the wall. The sushi is good, although, some of the hot rolls were a little bit too cool. However, the service more than made up for it. Now that I know about it and its right down the street, it will be a staple!
Horrible food. The fish was extremely oily, as well as the fries. Never going back. The food was tasteless and dry.
I love this place, they serve authentic Mexican food (poblana) it's so yummy and delicious I can't have enough of it!!
The long line in addition to the mediocre food and service suggest that you should spend your money elsewhere.
Just your typical mall.  Nothing out of the ordinary.  It was kept pretty clean as well and had a large amount of parking.
My food smells like heaven!! Service is so sweet and friendly... This spot is a good one.. 4 thumbs up....
Their Bruschetta selection was absolutely amazing.
Defiantly not the best Mexican food. Pollo Rico was dry. Chips and salsa tasted like pace.
Expensive but over all good.\nI have spent weekends in both the Pyramid and in the towers..\nI would recommend the towers..the Pyramid elevators are so slow and we sometimes waited for over 20min to get down to the casino.
This was fun, but not as long as I thought it would be.
Very overpriced, beef is too well done, and you have to pay extra for any toppings you want. They are trying with the liquid cheese and the dipped sandwiches but they just fall way short, waaaaay short.
This place is bomb! The JR specialist my favorite. Sometimes is better than other days and sometimes it's different. It depends on whose cooking the food! It has it's pros and cons. But over all, the service is great. And the food is okay!
Food was good, portions were reasonable.  I would eat here again.
This place was DELISH! !! Their biscuits & gravy are to die for.  So was the country fried steak, pancakes and french toast. We had a feast and loved every bite.  Def coming back on my next vegas trip!
Best oriental buffet I have experienced yet. The selection of foods is exceptional. Quality is also quite good.\n\nUpdate: Went back recently and quality has gone down hill. Too bad this place was quite good.
And I quote...\n\"We are checking women's bags.\"\nSexist, yet understandable still sexist.  This is the theater where the guys have to sneak in the snacks!
As you can expect with Arribas. Lots of free chips and bean dip. Generous portions. Prices are fair. Not the fanciest restaurant but the ambiance is nice and the waiter was helpful. Left full and happy.
Rick did an amazing job on the whole house! With two small kids and a puppy he was able to get all the stains out. Was on time and the price was great. Will use carpet monkey again!
For your basic breakfast, this place is great.  The prices are so cheap, you get a very large amount of food, and the food was really good for what we ordered.  No fancy breakfast options (benedict, etc) but delicious basic breakfast.  Service was great and we were seated right away.  I love the diner atmosphere.
Awesome pizza.  Fast delivery. Very happy with them.
Terrible. \nI got a cold onion soup with no cheese and a glass of white wine with ice cubes in it. \nNothing else to add.
NEEDS BETTER FOOD!!! Even Oakland upgraded... get with it Phoenix!!!
Why, oh why did they make the walk paths concrete??  This is very jarring to the bones.  They probably could have made them out of that sandy/gravelly stuff they have at Sunset Park for a lot less money.  Even asphalt would be better!!
Great soccer fields with enough parking. Easy access to 101 and I10. Bathrooms are small and not good.
Great lunch specials. But they add a gratuity of their choosing to to-go orders and will not remove it. \n\nShady as hell. Won't be back.
You can get any shake flavor from real ice cream! That's my favorite option when im in a rush but need a little sugar high. Great costumer service as well!
This review is based on the gambling components of the Casino.  The dealers are un-focused and I had to help 3 Blackjack deals do simple math on the deals.  I don't think I would ever consider this place a gambling destination.
Drink specials are great however, if you like fried, frozen food, and reheated than this is your place.
Great pizza! I got tired of Fuel Pizza (barf) so I found this place thanks to Yelp. Great service overall. Pretty small place too. Order pizza to take out if you plan on bringing alot of people with you.
The Ale house is a good place to come to watch a game or celebrate a win. The atmosphere is good and the beer cold. The food is pretty standard bar food. A decent burger and lots of fried fare. Nothing outstanding but if you are looking for pub grub and a screen to watch the game it will more than do.
Would be a 5 star but no employee knew the price for an extra ostrich patty, after a discussion the cook said between 5-8, a girl whispered to the cashier just do 8 thinking im deaf. No set price so charge as much as you can. Nice ethics
Decent place to drink. The mixologist mixed up a fireball like shot for my friend who loves fireball. It was damn tasty and better than the real fireball.
Do not eat here on cheap wing nights (Tuesdays and Thursdays). I've come to realize that both the service and the food are terrible on these days.
Hello.  \nYes it was at your car wash jeff and the manager was the one with white hairs. An older man but not over 55!  He was very rude and unprofessional!  It was around 15. I believe the actual price was 12.99. Total waste of money and should have got the 3.00
We love this place. We base our review on the fresh fish and this place has the best fresh fish hands down.  We recommend sitting at the sushi bar for extra attention. You get free Miso soup and edamame. We will definitely be back!
so good to return and find it still here after all these years. wonderful food and service! great little market to get some grocery shopping done too! thank you. see you again soon!
Beautiful, unexpected location in the middle of the city! I was lucky enough to be married here this past winter in the Outlook Ramada. The setting provided gorgeous wedding pictures as well as a calming presence on one of the biggest days of my life.
30 beers on tap from 30 great brewers.  The cooler has hundreds more in bottles but this place satisfies!  I've been here 20 times for the ale but the service can be weak at times.
The soup just too salty.    When I complained to the server about that.   They said if u wanna add some soup   U gonna pay $1.50.  WTF.  NEVER COME BACK
Holy! A must try if you haven't  I had the Kangnam dog and the angry kimchi fries and both are delish!!!
Food was good, service horrible.  Drinks not refilled and our server only checked on us once.  Not the anniversary celebration I had hoped for:(   True testament to the fact poor service can ruin good food.  We will never be back.
I've been a client of Maidly for a couple months now. I can count on them to be on-time and flexible with specific cleaning details. I love the online payment system and overall awesome customer service.
I've been eating here for 10 years or so, starting back in my art institute days. The place has stayed stable over the years although the food has dropped a little in quality since the staff changed. But you still can't beat the two entree lunch for $4.92!
Mediocre. Burger was average...sweet potato fries were not crisp enough... Beer was cold...nothin special.
Waited forever. Ended up leaving to get food sooner. They should not tell people the wait will be 20 minutes when it is over an hour.
Its Taco Bell, not expecting much! Same 6 ingredients made 15 different ways! but cheap food if your in the need
I was in Las Vegas this week and the restaurant has been closed. It's kind of the pits....  I saw the Restaurant Impossible show and I planed to visit the place for breakfast.
From what I hear this place is set in a restored house from 1913.  Solid pizza and the deli anitpasto was great.  What really stands out is the atmosphere.  It's near the Roosevelt district and it's a very chill place.
Outstanding show that is very reminiscent of the Cirque's you can catch on TV/DVD or touring around your town.  It is a little understated vs. Ka, Love, and O, but the performer's are a little more impressive with their acrobatics and it is just a nice tight show.
got copies of keys made here and they keys did not even work properly in my door. felt like i was pick locking my own front door. shit like this is a no-no in my book. damn you Ace.
Since we received a canned response here on Yelp, we contacted corporate who were appalled at the situation and lack of follow-up by the management in Scottsdale. They apologized profusely and were deeply disgusted about the chimneys being lit on patios, especially around young children. They offered a partial refund,
Pssst. Tiki Bar nights. Limited selection but darned fun with one of the best views in Madison. If you don't believe it then all the more for me!
I love their Pizza but the web site will make you wish for Papa Johns,  It is a mess, after having to download an app that I don't want. and jumping through a bunch of hoops the web page crashed, so you do it again right, Same results.  Haven't been back for 3 months.  No interest
Truly top notch service. From the bellman to room service. Great experience all around!
Quality seems okay,  but my chicken bacon avocado came with no avocado and my wife's caprese came with no basil. \n\nBetter options available all around.
This place is off the chain.  Best Gyro in the world!  Simple and delicious!  Highly recommend!
Organic!!!  Wow!  Really the best ingredients and they care for the customers.  The chili + cornbread was just out of this world amazing.
If you are from anyplace normal where you pay and a bunch of people clean your car for you then vacuum it and wash the wheels aka do all the work.  This place is NOT for you. You pay 11 plus dollars to do all the work yourself.
The new menu at Paradise Bakery is horrible.   The food is tasteless and the staff on the weekend is slow and inexperienced.  I'll be surprise if this location is in business in the next 6 months.   Definitely do not go to this location any longer.
Our dog had a severe allergic reaction to a deshedding treatment they now offer. The response when we alerted them of this was indifferent at best. Super disappointing as we used to love this place. Unfortunately, we will no longer be patrons.
If you are looking for an authentic British pub you found it. Sausage rolls amazing, scotch eggs and fish & chips good. I come here everytime I come to Vegas.
The service is good here and nobody cares about the food they just go here to look at the girls lets face it. you can get way better burgers at 5 guys but they don't have pretty girls walking around in kilts.
Came here on 10/15/14. Been coming here for years..found tiny snails on my mint disgusting wash your damn veggies! Never coming back
Way too expensive for mediocre Mexcian food.
The best place to hang out with friend over breakfast and business meeting over lunch. It's clean and crowded, but the environment is just cozy enough to sit for a long time. Free refill coffee makes it perfect. \n\nThe only downside is that their wi-fi is really slow and unstable.
Big fan of Munchies. Salty, greasy Greek food between 5 - 10 dollars for a meal. Good daily lunch specials. Be careful on your way back from Mill, as the price hike between 6pm and 2am is noticeable the next morning.
Made a reservation for a brunch here with my fam. The food was just okay for me. A bit pricey but I have expected it. But definitely love the Frozen Hot Chocolate!!!
Responsive and professional.   On time and clean upscale car.   Would use them again.
I am duly impressed with your decent coffee, great vegetarian options and  free internet. I deeply love your hang-over cure wrap and constant parade of young people on a mission.
We've eaten here several times because as the other poster said there can be off nights. At first it was ok...not good but really the only thing close by. It declined in that we got sick after eating this...twice. We will NEVER ear here again and will drive somewhere else.
We came here to play black jack and had one great dealer who kept us entertained each time he was at our table. Very nice place and good music ! The only reason I gave 4 stars is because it was a pain trying to order drinks while gambling. The cocktail girls weren't on top of it! Slow!
Tonight was my first visit to this store. The food was great and the servers were friendly (especially Jeff who gave my roomie and I a sample of some tasty sangria). I'll definitely be returning!
Just picked up a buffalo chicken ranch pizza and although the crust is great and toppings delicious it wasn't hot. The cheese was not cheesy it was solid and cool. This is my first experience with them so will give them another shot because the crust and toppings were so good. Hope they don't disappoint next time!
Love Firefly -- Food was great so was the service. The only thing that sucked was Happy hour in this venue was only for drinks and not food. But overall it was delish!
Service is good, drinks are good\n\nFood is terrible. I can even cook better than this.
Too much of ingredients. Either it is tooooo sweet or toooo sour. Compare to LA veggie restaurant, this is far more expensive and food are too much of ingredient.
Crepes were great. Although, the lady who was working the register was very rude when I asked if meat could be excluded from a specific crepe. She made an annoyed face at me and was rude for the rest of the transaction. Great food! Not so great service.
Excellent sushi, especially since we sat at the sushi bar. Though it was a bit hard to see the rolls being prepared because of the glass design. We would absolutely return.\n\nOne downside: Sodas are canned so refills aren't free.
Lisa did an excellent job on my nails. I got a fill with glitter gel polish and she gave me $5 off because it was my birthday weekend! Not only that, she was super polite and she took her time. I'm so happy with how my nails look, I know I will be back for sure!!
Free ride it gets you to one place to another when you can barley crawl back to your place before you die!!!!! it gets you from Excalibur, to luxor to the Mandalay bay cool little ride and if you are frunk either sit down or hold the rail!!!!!!
Excellent service, great all-day breakfast menu, and a great happy hour. I'm constantly drawn back here for an amazing omelette and a fun crowd. It's an amazing location and it has become my go-to spot for lunch with a friend.
Very disappointed in the customer service. We ordered Reuben's  and wanted coleslaw instead of kraut. They charged us $3.00 for the coleslaw. We will not be back . The iced tea is also terrible tasting.
Tried to use a gift card purchased from the Blue Burger in Peoria as a gift. The owner would not accept it and the manager felt bad and offered us a desert.  It was disappointing how they handled this situation. I don't plan on coming back but to the one in Peoria so we can use the gift card.
Food wasn't very good at all. Service was ok. Tried the turkey sandwich and peach pie. Both kind of sucked. Salad was ok. The only good thing I can say was service was quick. Never going here again.
Good pizza and great wings.
I love this AJ's! The staff is always very nice ad they have an AWESOME sushi bar. The fish is always extremely fresh and their portions are plentiful. This is a great place to grab lunch if you are in the area!
Great Super Awesome Passion Fruit Margaritas!
This place has a great vibe and the staff here are super friendly and accommodating. Definitely a great place to hang out and chill with friends.
Yum got the chiliquiles with eggs
Well you don't come here to save money. You come here to organize your home and this store has items I have never even thought of.\n I will tell you that $700 dollars later, my pantry is transfromed into a streamlined facet of my kitchen. Money well spent.
Great place to watch a concert and and have a meeting. We rented it out for a corp event. We did both.
some of the nicest people to do business with when shopping for bike parts (new and used) in montreal and the big dog that lives in the shop is very friendly too ;) .... its messy but you leave with what you need at a very affordable price. merci
Wonderful place. Staff was exceptional. Especially Patrice. Store was clean welcoming.
Told the wait would be 1/2hr. Took an hr to be seated. Another hr for appetizers to come out, another 30min for the rest of appetizer, another 20 min for main course. 3 1/2 hours for Thai food!  Food was JUST Ok.  Tapioca dessert was the highlight.
The smoke house wasn't as good as I thought it would be. Q rolls a must have, and the brisket was too die for.
Quick lunches and decent prices.  The tortillas always seem stale though, either in a burrito or taco.  Guac is great!  Ambiance is a bit to be desired.  The floor is concrete and it gets annoyingly loud if you stop in after 6pm.
Dear HiFi, \n\nYou have a phone stealer.  Take care of that.\n\nThank you, \nOlivia\n\nReference: my phone, my friend's phone, my other friend's phone all with in 10 minutes
Good food.  Terrible service from the unfriendly hostess to the bored waiter that couldn't be bothered to write down our order (and of course got it mixed up).  The food was good though and had some interesting specials.
Had a very mediocre experience here. I was really excited to try due to it's proximity to my parent's house. I was thinking it would be a good place for us to frequent. The food was nothing special, my order was wrong, and the service sporadic. Won't be back.
After reading the other reviews I was hesitant to bring my RV here.  My experience was 5 star all the way.  They people are great and very friendly. They took care of a list of maintenance request and a couple problems I was having all with in the time promised.   I will be back.
pretty good.  they need buritos!
It's our first time being here and the service was okay   not impressed with the servers and it took about 15 minutes to get our drinks refilled.. I don't think that we'll be coming back here
Difficult accessibility. Atmosphere is stale. Food is ok but, not worth the price.
Canned peas and corn in my soup and curry. No thanks.\n\nCurry was runny and the noodles in my drunken noodles were overcooked and super, super greasy.\n\nI'm disappointed.
Call ahead and make a reservation~!\n\nTry going on a Wednesday night around 8ish it was packed, 45 min wait. sigh tried going on a Sunday night 7pm called 1st this time 1hr and 30 mins wait time. sigh..
Not really worth the always-long waits. Not much vegetarian food on the menu.\n\nI've had the mussels. They were okay.
I think the calamari is some of the best I've had and the fish and chips is pretty good too.
absolutely beautiful! celebrated a bachelorette here and had the best time ;) and that's all i'll say because as the saying goes, \"what happens in vegas...\".
My girl like this place.It was my first time drinking coffee with her and I enjoyed it as well.The staff was knowledgeable and nice.I like this place not sure why,but i will return again!!!
This place should be closed down by the board of health or whoever governs nail salons in the state of Nevada!  I don't think their naill techs have licenses.
Norton my beloved retriever loves this place and the ladies here are always happy to see him walk in the door.  They have great products here carefully selected toys and treats for your dog's health.  I love that it's locally owned and I hope they do well!
This store always acts like they want the customer is an inconvenience when I call. One time I got an oil change there and was there almost 4 hours, waiting.
Course is in horrible playing shape, someone needs to invest here and make it beautiful
New name... Samurai Steakhouse and Sushi. Wonderful!  Best \"all you can eat\" I've had in town - 26.99.  Fresh, flavorful, \nand beautiful presentation. Lover Wrap, love roll, orange crush, Samurai surf and turf. Just great quality and taste!!
I love WinCo. They have the lowest prices in comparison to any other market. I have been here a month now and shopped at every store (on purpose) to compare prices, and WinCo wins, hands down!
Just had a great lunch. Owners were super friendly giving suggestions and chatting. Nice patio with real BBQ.
Food was delicious & service was fast & friendly.  Pan fried noodles & curry #22 were very tasty!  Will definitely return!
Food and service was excellent and friendly.  Can't wait to come back and try their tacos and green chile pork.
The food is good but they did the unthinkable! Ordered rice and pork, didnt finish it so asked for take out, the man took in to the back and I saw him transfer the food into the takeout box with his bare hands!! No bueno!
Placed an order from so many miles always and the man I spoke with over the phone was very helpful and professional in helping me choose what to get.   Had a short window time frame for delivery and were right on time:)
If you like racist waiters, inattentive servers, over cooked meat and limited options then this is the place for you. Worst Brazilian Steakhouse I've ever visited. But the salad bar was nice.
Awesome service. Best sushi ever, especially the sashimi. Fresh and scrumptious. Dessert was heavenly. Can't wait to come back.
Their website is down and their phone rings a fax machine, so there isn't a way to contact them.  Are they still open?
I love Essentials. Holly has been cutting my hair and she does a great job, listens to what I ask for and is so friendly. It's a small salon, but it is really nice and you can tell they love what they do!
Very good. Nice staff and attentive. Clean bathrooms. Used my yelp cupon which was amazing calamari. Ate tofu cooked diffrently but i really liked it. Price range was decent in my opinion.
Place is amazing!!! Get the potato tacos. Service is always great. Happy hour margaritas are reaaaallllllyyyy bomb
They totally burned and fried my pad thai didn't look anything like pad thai. For a dollar is all never go back there again sorry this is a horrible review I hope your experience is better.
I like the location and room rates for the TI ....the hotel and rooms are in need of some major updating ......
Good literally tasted like it was made from rubber here. Not sure why some people gave this a decent review, but it's one of the worst meals I've had in Vegas thus far.
Quality of calls and service area coverage are inconsistent.   Customer service reps always seem to be helpful, but that doesn't make up for dropped calls and no \"G\" service areas.
An old hotel that smells like car freshener. \n\nThe end.
Great food but only gets 3 stars from me because of their lousy service. And they keep raising their prices! The place is very busy most of the time, so the wait for the table or the food is very long. Order before you get there.
Croissant donut, okay, but not worth $2.49 ea.. This place use to be great but now the personnel is cold and it isn't as clean.
Excellent food. A little noisy if you do not eat in the dining room, but a great experience.
Love this store! My premie twins were about to be discharged from the NICU and I hadn't had time to buy car seats. Angela at Lovebug Baby spent time with us explaining different features and rush ordered a second seat that they didn't have in stock. Amazing service from nice people who know their  baby products.
1.1/5 stars - Careful, this is sort of tasty health food, but it is a far cry from pizza. If it were cheap I would go back but it's more expensive than an average pizza place so I will not be returning.
There is nothing wrong with the food here.  The service is probably above average.  I've had lunch here a few times.  But somehow I have always left here feeling as though I did not get good value.
Very cool place to walk around and absorb the atmosphere.  I like the the little touches of literature and art that help create a pleasant atmosphere.
Good Place, Helpful staff!
Ate here recently when we were in Vegas.  I was so excited because reviews were great.  Service was very good, food was very good.  Filets were good, but I guess I expected outstanding.  And of course, it's in a mall.  I would recommend someone try this place, but I'll try something else next time.
Okay place to spend some time before a Pirates game. It can be hot in there when crowded but they have decent specials.
Lo
Had the pepper, cheese, and spinach pizza.\nIt was really tasty and I want to give it a higher rating but it was so bland.\nThe thin crust is great though!
I have been here twice for the food and wasn't impressed either time. I wouldn't suggest this place to anyone.
Overpriced.. Very very rude cashier.. Never coming back to this place. Such a bad service and the food is not even good. Smh
And again - tremendous.
Stopped in for a quick drink! We got beers, cocktails and the garlic monkey bread. For 4.95 I didn't expect much but we would come back here for the monkey bread alone! Great service and cool ambiance. I loved the local art that was featured. I'll be coming back here again soon!
best pizza on beverly rd
Slow service, but the food is ok. Nothing to write home about though.  The seasoned potatoes are better than other breakfast places in town.
Great little place for Mexican food. Always clean, the food is good to great depending on your choice. Prices are reasonable and if you want more salsa just ask with no upcharge.  Great service and I have never experienced a long wait either. Really glad they are in the neighborhood!
the zuni burrito is delicious and filling. perfect before a flight....and no beans so no fear of hearing any \"barking spiders\" on the flight!!\ncoffee is always fresh and strong. Sometimes wish i wasn't so neurotic about sweets because their cookies look sooooo good!
Made an appointment for 10:30am, showed up early. Didn't get into a room until 11:30am. Didn't see a doctor until noon. Received decent diagnosis. $120+ to treat UTI in Dog
What went wrong???  No more 1/2 off Friday night happy hour?  Really?  Going back to Zipps.  GOOD BYE FOR EVER!
The best Italian Food, atmosphere, and service to be found inFountain Hills. Plus, the most wonderful deserts. Always a great time.
I don't hand out a lot of five-star reviews but this place definitely deserves one. From the food to the ambience to the helpful and wonderful staff this place has it all. You will definitely not be disappointed here.
yummy fresh made custard. caramel cashew is today's daily flavor. Normal flavors daily are your chocolate and or vanilla. sundaes are yummy too here
Wanted chicken wings today, got here and doors are locked. Tried calling no answer. I'm sure they are out of business :(
decent rooms and comfortable beds, but please clean the carpet!
This place was empty on a Saturday night and looks like it's trying too hard.  Not a place where you'd feel comfortable unless you were super dressed up.  Too loud for the servers to hear you so they bring the wrong order.  It all feels a little last year.  Last, last year.
The beef kabobs are as tender and flavorful as I've ever had, and the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious. This place is tucked into a weird spot in a strip mall, but seek it out - it's worth the trip.
Opens late. Long lines. Under staffed. Packages never available for pick up when slip states. Packages sit at local sorting facility for days on end without being delivered. My experience with this post office feels like an insight into living in communist Russia in the 80s
I'm not sure why they changed the name of this place from red brick pizza to Sano Brick pizza.  Anyway, it's pretty good,  the staff are polite, and it didn't take long to get my pizza when I stopped in after a long bike ride.
Great food,a little expensive tho
Had the rosemary shrimp, grilled veggies, and the rosemary beef brisket. It was good but there are better places to stop in Pittsburgh. Sit outside and make sure you grab some spices if you want them. It's BYOB too.
This place is very much average, as far as service goes. No one has ever been rude, but no one has ever been stand-out great either. \n\nThe smoothies and food are pretty standard for your neighborhood Tropical Smoothie.
It's hard to find funny, genuine on the spot greatness but enough of improv vegas's performers have that in their back pocket to make improv vegas's S.E.T. worth seeing again and again.
Best place to get a good variety of beer in town.\n\nThe beer brewed in house can be hit or miss but I appreciate that kind of experimentation in a brew pub.\n\nI also always secretly wished they served food but if they did, I'd probably never leave!
Very unpredictable service and food; one time it is good, another it is bad, and the next it is great...hard to know for sure if your steak will be worth the time and money, but when they do it right it is good.  The staff appears to do a lot of socializing instead of attending to guests.
Some of the best fingers I've ever had. As well as the burgers! Really some GREAT food.
A friend introduced me to this restaurant and I loved it. At first glance it does look a bit uninviting but trust me the service is friendly and the food is AMAZING! Wear your fat pants because the servings are huge and you will want to eat it all. Great options for vegetarians!
I highly recommend this place... I enjoyed the food, flavors, atmosphere and most importantly was the whole staff was very friendly. Reasonably priced.
Love, love this new place. These women know their stuff! You will not be disappointed! Very very clean, great nail colors, nice people!
Big tequila selection. Terrible food. Bad, no, REALLY BAD Tex-Mex. everything was cold and sick.
Came here for their Cajun fries. I like that they have a small size, the regular size I got last time was huge! Yummy fries, and they make them fresh which is cool. Might try their veggie sandwich one day.
Restaurant is neat and clean. But food quality and taste is on the lower side. \nWe tried veg and non veg dishes but didn't like even a single item.\nI would like to avoid the rest for my next visits to the Waterloo.
What an awesome workout!  This was an intense (cry worthy) 45 minutes going back and forth from the bike to a variety of floor/weight exercises in 1 minute intervals.  I liked the upbeat and encouraging instructors.  Thanks for the yelp event!
Borderline average sushi.  This is a place to see and be seen, but not a serious sushi destination.  Ra is for the status conscious, and I don't quite understand why as it is not particularly trendy, fancy or special.
Great prices, homemade food.  I am happy with my experiences at Taco Loco
Ask for Amanda! She is the best. The food is great.it is Mexican food. With all the varieties. Plus some tex-mex..Visit them instead of In n out.
Kind of pricey.\nSmaller portion sizes.\nAmazing shakes!\nI had the nut job. Mmm I love nutella!\nI'd go back for the shakes probably not the burgers...\nThey do have happy hour food specials but again portions are so small!!
10 inch sandwiches extra meat loaded, cost me 20 bucks, not worth it.
Sub Par for a Westin restaurant, breakfast buffet was free which was the correct price.
Just had to complain about our server, who ignored my wife's drink order, then after I reordered for her brought it in a dirty glass.\nThat's sad because we really like this place and we hate leaving a bad taste in their mouths with our complaint.
Large portions. Good service. Great place to hang out with friends.
LOVE CIBO. Arugula and fungi pizza is my favorite.
I'll make this short but sweet.  LCP has awesome pizza, maybe the best thin crust around.  As good as Grimaldi's, maybe even better.  I just tried the Italian Beef with spicy peppers, and it was really really good.
Dear Earl of Sandwich: You complete me.
We found the accommodations to be very nice.  We loved the buffet.  It has a great casino with machines we didn't find anywhere else!! The spa was great too.  Would come back!
They have delicious food, great service and the restaurant is nice and clean better than the goleta location.
Not so good. Not clean. Try Siam thai. Much better and clean
The Irish selections on the menu continue to shrink and become less authentic.  The atmosphere is great and the beer selection is better than most chains.
All in all, not too bad. It was a litte busy due to our poor planning, but the service was good and my daughter was pleased with the haircut. Other similar places are a little less expensive for the same service. Nothing was really outstanding, but there is also nothing to complain about either.
Very happy with service and food \nCame to a birthday party for a friend and we had a great time
Great appetizers, steaks are better than average, and the service is great. Very friendly and professional.
The Angry Kimchi Fries were pretty delicious!  I don't really like sweet potatoes fries, but I liked the sweet potatoes fries with kimchi and egg.
Gelato heaven indeed!
Have had nothing but problems with this place. It's unfortunate, because it's right by my house. However, I won't be going back and I recommend that you steer clear, too!
The menu is very small. And very greasy. Not good beer selection. I understand it's a Hooter's-esque type of establishment so I won't knock it for that. The decor is appropriate for it's name. I probably won't go back. Not a place for a foodie like myself.
I so regret purchasing the 24 hour buffet @ $308 for 2 adults and 1 child to include Bacchanal. All the other buffets do not compare. Smaller selection but excellent food and presentation. It is one of the best in Vegas. Next time, it's this place or the M buffet.
Legit Mexican at a crazy cheap price.  Yum.
This hotel was okay...nothing special, but nothing terrible either. Definitely on the outdated side. I got a room with a king sized bed. It was $79 before tax.
Yummy fresh alternative ---- tasty ----- the sweet potato\n fries are worth the add-on
I like their pho. I like their expansive menu. I usually get vermicelli dishes here. And they're pretty good.
Fun, well priced, and tasty. Solid eastern fare.
Amazing service. A waiter named Travis really made the meal great. Food is absolutely delicious. 5/5
They haven't updated their ventilation system/renovated and almost passed out due to the amount of smoke in the casino. Think LA smog indoors. Negative 3 stars.
This place is AMAZING. My friends and I had the best meal we've ever eaten, here. We received great service, as well, including a table visit from the Executive Chef. This is, by far, the best steak place we've ever eaten.  If you go to Vegas, do NOT miss this place.
Breakfast saints and sinners French toast log was amazing, huge but perfectly cooked and tasted wonderful.\n\nFrozen hot chocolate was tasty around lunch, maybe a tad overpriced.
Lazy ass motherF&$?er here... Shitty ass work waited for hours jus for express wax I won't b returning here I guarantee you that...
This show was outrageous.  Don't take your children to this show.  It was sexy, risque, and offered great acrobatics and contortionists.
We stop every time we are in town. Never a disappointment!
Food is average and definitely extremely overpriced. Dining area is nicely decorated and service is good. I had a tomato soup for $22 that did not offer anything to justify that price. The Chilean Sea Bass was OK, but just mediocre as far as flavor. Overall, a disappointing experience as far as food quality.
Came here in April 2012. This is a weak club!  That's all.
We were so excited for this place. As downtown residents, we definitely wanted to come here all the time. Unfortunately, the pizza was just bad. The wings also tasted like weird chicken nuggets. If you need a pizza place downtown, Uncle Joe's across the street and Pop Up Pizza in the plaza are way better and way cheaper.
Wonderful lady, but didn't really do what I asked her to do, cut too short where I asked for it to stay longer.  Rough edges, etc.
We were visiting the area and were able to make a last minute appointment on a Sunday! Our dog was treated royally.  The grooming was fantastic but even better was the attitude of the people there. They were great with our dog and made us feel like long-time friends.
Great price, great food. Only annoying thing was that they made us wait in line for an hour but the restaurant was pretty empty.
Noble Cleaners are fantastic!  They did a great job on my carpets, and they are extremely professional. More importantly than anything,I felt comfortable with them with my family and they did a great job.  I defninitely recommend Noble Cleaners!
Since the Gilbert location has closed. The Tempe location has had more things to offer. The staff has really stepped it up on customer service. They do there best on helping you find whatever it is your looking for.
Definitely wasnt impressed with this place.  The drive thru was very fast and efficient but the food was all luke-warm and a bit soggy. The sauce was lacking interesting flavor.
Out of business, has been replaced by Sunny's Diner.
Chinese food that delivers in Dowtown Charlotte and is decent. Of course nothing compared to San Francisco but for Charlotte a good value. Tangerine Chicken was really good
Linguine and clams is good, better  than Oyster Bar. My husband's order kinda ruined, he ordered, Rib Eye Steak with veggies but when he asked for steak sauce, they don't have it. You don't serve Steak without  steak sauce, especially when it really needed.
Anyone that gives this place a bad review is just stupid and probably complains daily. The service here is always amazing! From the sushi chefs to servers, to bar staff! Sushi is always good! Always! We love Geisha!!!!!
Quality Chinese food. Extremely recommended.
Love that place. Love the music. The drinks. The overall experience of a cozy and trendy place.
Food was so-so. Not sure what the big deal is with Tapas.
I really enjoy this restaurant - the sandwiches, the salads, the mac & cheese, and the  sweet potato fries are all good. I also love that they have a gluten-free cheat sheet that tells you what meals are gluten-free as is or how to modify many of the items to be gluten-free.
I can't believe I paid $65 for a hair cut that is uneven and took 15 minutes! Even worse it isn't even what I asked for in terms of style. I could have gotten a better cut and service at super cuts!
Like that the center of moon is the dance floor. And I do enjoy the outdoor patio and being able to see the sky. (must be the purpose for the nightclub being called \"moon\") This place does have good DJs but I think its smaller than those that are known by size of club.
Great Thai food for a good price. Right next door to Thai Elephant, pretty much same quality food but cheaper. The Masaman curry and pad thai are great! Also, if you feel like spoiling yourself try the Thai iced tea!
I love Starbucks coffee.  My new favorite is the blonde roast.  This location gets pretty crowded, especially on Friday mornings.  The baristas here are really friendly.
Obnoxious bouncer. Irrelevant music. Good for a quick beer on a dead night. Staff just walks around to entertain themselves. There are better choices.
Kams. Smells like a hamster cage in serious need of a bedding change. Drinks are totally average, albeit cheap. The first place townies and U of I students go when they turn 19, most of whom regret it.
Made a small stop here to refuel my rental car before returning it. Standard self serve fuel station, competitive prices, no issues with card machine. Was in and out in under three minutes.
I was disappointed by this restaurant -- it did not live up to the reviews.  It is true that this is an affordable tapas restaurant, but the food was just ok.  It wasn't horrible.  But nothing was really a wow.
Chicken in the Tikka Massala was dark meat which I don't care for. It was a bit grissly. Taste was fair and naan was fair also
Had a quick meal here -- ham and cheese on a croissant - and it was delicious.  Fabulous croissant.  Free wifi, great location and all in all, a very nice break.
Them ribs make my mouth water!
Best ribs in town!  Love coming here, lots to eat and friendly staff.  The restaurant on Thunderbird is our favorite.  You won't be disappointed, I guarantee.
Chose this restaurant for Sunday breakfast based on other Yelp reviews.  Was not disappointed.  Excellent, reasonably priced food.  Friendly, attentive service.  Sticks of gum at the register are a nice touch.
Okay to start of I'm not a pizza fan. The pizza taste fine but for $4.50 per slice we're going overboard here. That's about $10 for pizza. And I know someone said that buffet is $14 for lunch? And I know they have pizza there. Well someone do the math here.
Today is my 3rd time in 2 weeks this place id awesome one of the best pizza if not the best in Phoenix
Good food, even better Margaritas.\n\nInvest in Senor Bob.  Margaritas go down smoother when they are just over $3
We were craving pho and got excited to find this place nearby. As soon as we walked in we noticed the very unpleasant blue lighting inside and when we were about to be seated we noticed a very foul smell that was overwhelming and disgustingly pungent. We couldn't even make it to our table before turning around and leaving.
Hostess' are lame when it comes to seating, so just tell them were you would like to sit before you get moving to your table. Every server I have had here has been awesome, and they don't card you if you come with a middle aged man with a black AmEx :D
Doesn't get any better. Only wish it stayed open later.
Stopped for breakfast and the service good. Breakfast sucks. Eggs burned pancakes hard. Never been to a place that you needed a knife to cut your pancakes. Will not be coming back anytime soon.
They didn't know what a Hurricane was. Shameful.
I love this gym! I would've never thought I'd be capable of lifting the weights I do now and it's all thanks to my trainer Tim Sparkes.
Came in here thinking i need brakes for my car. Was told that my brakes were fine.  Was about to leave and some lady told me, they told her the same thing 3 months again and now they are charging her 700 bucks. Not so sure, so I'm going find another shop just to be on the safe side.
Tough to get a reservation but once you do it's great food and great service.  Food items are small portions so I recommend having an appetizer and an entree w/ a side. Fun atmosphere. Great views of the Las Vegas strip.
we timed it pretty poorly, but needed some chicken and waffles and headed to lo-lo's around lunchtime on sunday! bad idea. \n\nwaited almost 2 hours to take my first bite. but aside from that, it was great.
WOW! Just had breakfast at the cafe, I must say it was excellent. I had the \"Sam I Am' and it was exceptional. I have also enjoyed lunch here and you MUST try the chips, they are so delish! Staff is very friendly and helpful!
Great healthy fast food and really happy with music in dining room and the beautiful service people working here at the border
Yeah, amazing.  Split a burger and the beef and sausage.  AWESOME. Yes, as good as the reviews state.  Weird location, but well worth it.  They don't do much (limited items), but what they do the do amazing!
These drivers are a big rip off. Our driver lied about knowing where the destination was and drove us around forever trying to run up the fare. Later we were told the fare should have been half.
Sunday brunch buffet at the Wynn is very good and worth the money. I would rate it more accurately at 9 stars out of 10. \nYogurt is ridiculously tasty, as with the ceviche. The kimchi is about as good as it gets and the remaining choices are on par with excellence.
Great food n desserts! Although sushi are not very good. Macaroons are very delicious.
Had a great brunch today at Tryst Cafe.  I had the Tryst Omlette and my wife had the Salmon Salad.  Both were outstanding.  Coffee and Service were excellent as well.  What made the meal was the Humus (3 different flavors) with cucumbers to use as a scoop along with pita bread.
Get the Commuter Sandwich!!! SOO GOOD!  I love this place- it's always busy, but they move quickly and the staff are always friendly.  I got really excited when I saw that they are opening an LGO at the PHX airport!
Disgusting facilities, mis-leading management, and bait and switch sales tactics. Don't waste your money renting these over-priced units\n\nAnd there are roaches everywhere
I had no idea what I was doing and the nurse was not helpful with information.
They really need to invest in some more food areas. Other than that it was a pretty convenient location from TI since they had a shuttle to and from the show I was attending.
No salads... No regular cream cheese.. That counts out lunch for me I won't be stoping back. Girl was less then pleasant.
I have been here 3 times and have only had the chicken parm with pink sauce and it's the best I have ever had. \n\nThe atmosphere is very outdated - but their demographics are blue hairs, so maybe it's perfect for that crowd!
The worst service I've ever experienced.  We  then approached the manager John and explained our poor service, he couldn't care less about our poor experience, so we took our business elsewhere.  Ill never go back.
Horrible parking experience here.  Not enough parking for guest yet there is plenty of valet and rental space available .  Go figure
This place is aweful! The bathrooms are so tiny!  The shower is gross, and there is literally no room to move in there. There was no hot water for hours in the morning. Would never stay there again.  If I could put 0 stars I would.
Every time I come here it's a great experience. The employees are super friendly, my frozen Irish Annihilater is always on the spot. You will never desire a Starbucks drink again once you taste Dutch Bros' coffee.
Disappointing.  I'm from Atlanta where we probably have a higher standard for cuisine. This was the highest rated place within a mile of my hotel and is just okay bar food.  The service was great so I give it 2 stars.
The only thing good about the visit was the food. The service was horrible, and they made us feel as if we didn't belong in their restaurant. I would not return to this restaurant, and even though the food was good, it was overpriced  for the quality, and definitely overpriced for the lack of quality service.
Poor management. 1 server 1 cook on a saturday. Would hate to work here. Upset customers.
Average food not worth the price. Pork burrito had very little pork in it.
Went on a Sunday and the fried chicken and mashed potatoes were highly recommended. I have had better frozen dinners. Dry chicken and flavorless mashed potatoes. The only good thing I had were the fried pickles. Everything else was just blahhhhhhhh.
Huge servings, excellent friendly service, our waiter Ben gave incredibly spot on recommendations, and is a major reason I will  come back to Buca!
Delicious food and great staff! My favorite is the Mongolian beef and the potstickers. The sauces are all home made and really tasty. Super family friendly and they give great proportions for great prices! They also deliver which is awesome!
Well I figured I would try this place because it was closer then my usual Chinese spot.  The food is luke warm, flavorless, and mushy.  But that's what happens when your food sits out for two hours and then you sell it. With that being said there staff is friendly not bad prices and they have military discount.
It's hard to go back to a regular theater after this! Just for an additional $2 per ticket you can enjoy Cinema Suites(over 21 only). Drinks, food, extremely comfortable and great customer service.
found this place b/c i got 20% off with the insiders card from Vegas.com...  got an 80 min. combination swedish/hot stone massage with Kelly.  UH-MAZING!!!
Cafe Sam has a cool Pittsburgh vibe. It's a bit funky but the food is good and interesting and their menu offers a lot of choices. I went with a group and we all had the Prix Fixe menu. It was a little bit pricey, but I think it was well worth it.
Jennifer at Classic Canine is great.  She was very friendly and did a great job grooming our dog.  He is usually a difficult groom, but she had not issues and was finished in record time.  We will definitely be returning.
Good burgers, good Cobb salad, good fried chicken sandwich. Biscuits with the butter, maple syrup glaze are superb. Service is good
First time here.  I tried the Ronin burger with bacon and cheddar cheese...OMG absolutely delicious. This place is a must go if you're in town.
Yummy noodles and dumplings in Squirrel Hill. So mesmerizing to watch them make the noodles right there. Great tea selection as well.
Good flavors for hookah. All of my friends come here so I get dragged a long too. Service is fast and nice. The atmosphere is good and the seats are comfortable. For a good time, this is the place to be. If you are into smoking. Although, parking is limited during busy hours.
I've been here a few times, and it's always delicious. It's tucked way back by the Ultrastar Scottsdale theatre, and i can't go to one without the other. A great mix of flavors, friendly employees, and i dig the color scheme. oh, also .39 an ounce! Get some!
Don't have the tacos. Service is good but the food us pretty terrible. The only person to like their food was eating the chimichanga. Tacos are awful.
called at 11:50 am to make an appointment. i selected option #1 to schedule an appointment. the line was picked up and hung up 3 times.  All of a sudden the three lines i have to the office were all busy.  Who ever is handling the reception desk today September 3, 2014 should be fired.
This place was ok, the burger was overcooked and dry, the staff was very friendly and helpful, but the prices are ridonkulous for what it is. This is a fast food place with prices of a high end burger joint. Its good in a pinch, but I wouldn't bother again
Yummy!\nBig portions, low prices... and food that doesn't make you feel guilty after eating it.  Love the outdoor atmosphere too.  This is a nice place to bring friends after a hike, or just enjoy a casual meal during your day.
Food is not the best, but service is good.\n\nThe ambience is OK... I can't stand the live music --- it's unbelievably obnoxious and loud.\n\nI probably wouldn't return because the food is really nothing to rave about.
The best of the best! \nAlways fresh and tasty. Even better with cream cheese or without depends on your mood!
The lodge is the place to go in Scottsdale. Good food, good service and there are a lot of locals there. One problem, The owner should not allow bartenders to have their cell phone while they are working. They seem to focus on the next text message instead of the customer.
Great place!!  I drove by it by accident, stopped in for a glass of wine and fell in love with it!!  Owner Mike is great and Mark the chef is a super guy as well.  \n\nDefinitely check it out!
Tell the chef to balance the size of the dishes. The best part of my meal was the bread.
The food is good, but the service is horrible. You got to wait atleast 20 minutes only to place your order. And that's not because of a long line (I'm the third person in the line for last 20 mins). It's just because no one is at the counter taking orders !
Worst McDonalds that I have ever been to. Weird and rude staff. I don't know who, in the god's name, hired them.
Compared to the palazzo, this (Caesars) store is much bigger in terms of their display cases so my gf got to try on and see what's in season.
I used to love their Mexicali burger, but the new menu replaced it with a lesser burger. I haven't been back since. I sincerely hope the Mexicali burger makes a comeback.
Love their sandwiches!!  Bread is always fresh and service always great.  I love that they have nationwide locations.  Their veggie sub on wheat is my favorite!
Terrible, unfriendly service.  Very dead atmosphere.  They clearly don't care about the food.  We live 5 minutes from here and will NEVER go back.  Save your money!
Worst service ever! The coffee's no good, always over cooked, hell burned!
The BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS! The quality is top notch and the flavors are amazing. I have never been disappointed here. Not as large as other buffets, but that doesn't matter, because it's effing delicious.
1$ Margarita is now $2 and its WAAAAAAAAY too sweet. Wings had WAAAAAAAAAY too much sauce. Looked around at other peoples food and really didnt see anything I would have liked to try. As a last resort, maybe. Other than that, keep walking.
Pretty inexpensive, an normally well stocked. I only come for the hookah stuff but there is a lot more. Only place I go to buy my shisha.
Very good food with reasonable prices. The verde chicken enchilada was very tasty and recommend the fried plantains for dessert. We will certainly visit again!
Very Nice Nike outlet. I mean come on who doesn't love Nike... and doesn't love them at a cheaper price??! \n\nThis store has a great selection, always have stuff on sale ontop of the cheaper prices.
The show was fun, the theater was cozy, the music brought back memories, but the foul language shock value was un called for in my opinion.  I recognize theatrical license and the attempt to portray the period, but the attempt at repeated shock value was over the top.  I would have rated it a 5 if not for that.
Delicious. Glad we found this place (thanks, Yelpers!) -- we visited twice in three days. The hummus was tasty and the Zikis rice is so good. Friendly staff!
Best theater in Phoenix for Indie films!
Over priced greasy bar food. Although the portion was huge, the fish and chips were nothing special and super greasy. The corned beef chili was just meat and beans with no flavor or presentation.
Great sandwiches and soups. Friendly staff.
Great Sports bar with amazing cheap good food!  Great deal!  Cheap Drinks!  Can't beat it!
Went back to Express Urgent Care and receive the same excellent service.   Great staff and provider!
rubio's is amazing.  their fish tacos were so delicious.  i almost couldn't believe they were from a chain.
Service is usually good. Their salads are my favorite! Nice to come here if you want a quiet lunch or dinner.
Calamari was tasty and the portion was very large.  I ordered the linguini pomodoro and added calamari and clams and it was delicious!  Drinks were huge for $5.00 each!  Highly recommend.
The hotel was renovated from the old Saharah hotel but, the rooms are still terrible. And, their concierge services are also very bad. The hotel is also located in distance from the main strip.
Went her yesterday nd got some English Bangers and some English Bacon.  YUMMO, they have a great aray of meat there, Will be going back there again, to get some Lamb next time.  Prices are very reasonable.
Be forewarned:  the food is alright but this place is like freaking  Romper Room with spoiled North Scottsdale brats running the joint!  It is really no better then the McDonalds kiddie jungle gym with one exception... I have never found a dirty diaper tucked into the corner here.
Convenient and inexpensive!
If you are in need of a doughnut fix this is the place to go. I had bought a half dozen for my boyfriend and I to share and we almost finished the whole box in one sitting! My favorite would have to be the Maple Bacon but there are still more that I have yet to try.
One of my go-to's!
Awesome show, worth the $$.  Truly funny guy- tell he likes to laugh at himself and others!  The theater was smaller than I expected but fit his style and could actually see him. We will DEFINITELY see him again.
Well, it's not the worst food I've ever eaten. The food is a bit overpriced and very mediocre. Really, if you want some sit down Mexican food in the area, I suggest going just up the street to Nandos. Similar prices but better atmosphere and WAY better food! WAY better!
Really nice waitress but they really need to up the ante on their vegetarian options. They don't even have a plain marinara sauce option for spaghetti!
Their amazing prices are instantly countered by despairing customer service.  If I want low prices I will go to goodwill over this place.  Looks like Dillard's is on my list of do not shop.
Great sushi and awesome lunch specials. The Grilled Hanger Steak was a cut above and they did a great rare. It's a steal at $9!
This Breakfast and Brunch place is really fresh and delicious. There is a really nice outdoor patio to enjoy Arizona's Spring weather.
My carpets have never looked better thanks to Clean N Fresh Carpet Cleaning and Norma's Team. I so highly recommend them for carpets, floors and area rugs.
I lose all hope for humanity here.
Love the food n the service ;) the lady over there is really nice!!! Try the taro mike ()
Disappointing!  Mediocre steaks and icky mashed potatoes.  Also, steak knives were dull and made eating difficult.  Service was excellent but even that couldn't make up for overpriced under flavored food.
I can't understand how this place gets a 3.5 stars.. This place it's just unbelievable with great food and fun atmosphere ...
Good ambiance, good coffers, free wifi
We got no service we waited 10 minutes nobody even seated us smelled  cigarettes yuck
A great taste of Chicago-style Greek right here in Phoenix! Love the Gyros platter with the rice and greek lemon potatoes. In addition to the gyros the cheesecake is to die for!
Great drinks.  Great vibe.  Ask for Nicole as a server.  She was friendly and professional.
Closed!!!!!!!!  :-/
The only word I can think of for this place is AWESOME.  Very friendly people, and great tasting beer.  Every time I go home I plan on visiting.  Keep up the great work!
Went for wing night on Monday. Was delicious! Great pub food and atmosphere. It's not that expensive either. Honey Cajun wings were everything.
Outatanding.   Lump crab cales were all crab.  Loves the oysters.  Had swordfish and tasted Sea Bass and all was perfectly done and presentation wonderful.  Just delicious
=)  What more can I say!!  Just look at my pics !\nBy far the best hotel I've stay in Vegas. Way better than Mandalay Bay !
Fast and friendly service, reasonable prices and the french toast was big, fluffy and delicious. If you don't beat the morning rush expect to have to wait a while. On the plus side they do offer complimentary coffee while you wait.   How busy it gets is definitely a testament to the quality of the restaurant.
This place is no longer Villa Francesca it is now Italian on 7th. All new menu with maybe two plain pasta dishes. They've decided to go \"upscale\". Can't review the food because I didn't stay to try it.
Someone needs to be more aware of the wait time they place on customers, 40 minute wait for breakfast is ridiculous, when the restaurant wasn't that full to begin with.
Terrible service. Very rude food server. Embarrassed to have brought my family there. Will never go back.
Saimin is good.
Slow service, walked into a line that was nearly out the door. Even with just a drop off package.\n\nBesides the slow service, they have shipping supplies, PO Box and cashiers up front.
Very clean and friendly staff to help you. Wasn't busy at the time I was there. Staff was efficient and completed my request very quickly and even offered me an alternative way to send money.
This place is overpriced and overrated... there are a bunch of kids in it and you can get a much better burger at five guys.
Memphis BBQ is one of the good BBQ restaurants in Vegas, next to Famous Dave's and Lucille's.  The atmosphere is relaxed and casual, the staff is friendly and available, food is delish and prices are reasonable.  I would recommend this place.
Let me tell you, fish taco wrap. You will not be disappointed. And try the waffle fries with a side of their mustard (you can't miss it because it is mentioned on almost every page of the menu)! That mustard was amazing with the fries. I want to go back soon!
Their food actually lacks flavor.
Overpriced, boring food. Extremely expensive cocktails. Not worth the trip.
Great food!  Wife had the taco salad with green chili chicken.  It was very flavorful.  I had the carnitas tacos which had a ton of pork.  Yum. We will be back.
Brisam's is a great place for lunch. Whenever I'm craving the best Philly cheese steak sandwich in town this is where you will find me. I always order my Philly cheese steak with chopped jalape\u00f1os and a side of fries.
Come here for the \"famous\" cole-slaw-and-french-fry-topped sandwiches. It's a great place to bring out-of-towners. The prices aren't bad, and the Forbes location is in the heart of Oakland, so within walking distance of a lot of great hangouts.
I love this place! I've eaten here many times and the food and service is excellent. Try the smoked pork belly salad - It is decadent! Great wine selection also.. Bravo !
This place always delivers. Great service, super fast and always with a smile. The prices are fair, the Pedi's always leave my feet feeling great and the eyelashes are the bomb.
Bad! Local produce? Try spoiled produce! Appalled by the lack of freshness! Vegetables were past their prime. We left hungry. So disapointed, we wanted to support a local business, but this was so bad! All the good reviews are lies!
I love this restaurant on beautiful days for lunch.  Had a wonderful relaxing fun lunch on the patio.  Service attentive without being intrusive.  Good food and a great Chardonnay.   Heaven!
I went to this buffet for the sole purpose of having Lobster tails and Crabs leg but..NO LOBSTER!  The crab legs had no flavor.  I just paid $50.00 to only eat pasta whch was the only tasty thing I could find.
Very small bakery with a small selection. May be a good place to kill some time. Got a $5 Napoleon that was solid-frozen inside after the salesgirl called it \"fresh.\" Save your time and go to the Amelie's in NoDa.
Food is only so so.  Making shepherd's pie with beef betrays the inauthentic nature of the place  - call it cottage pie or make it with lamb only.  Service was terrible - My friends and I will not be going back.
Conducted a two person lunch meeting for the first time @ Cafe On the Strip and I found this operation to be first rate, great service, great atmosphere in capturing the mood of the Strip District.  I recommend the Antipasti Salad and the Grilled Chicken Salad.
I don't write reviews, but I had to so that people would know this place is NOT a 4 star worthy Chinese restaurant.
Tastes like a vamped up Quiznos to me. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing. Worth giving this place another try. Until then, 3 stars remain.
Loved it. Outstanding customer service, great food and yummi brownies!
Always popping on a monday. And great live music as well. You can hookah here and have drinks. With an outside area as well. Will come nack
Nice facility with plenty of options...
I am in town for a conference and we went here to get dinner and listen to the live jazz band. The food was incredible and the band was absolutely wonderful. During dinner the service was pretty slow and the food took a while to come out but the staff was very friendly and the food was definitely worth the wait.
Randomly walked in off the street to Paul's last night and got a full order with The Works. My boyfriend and I split the order and it was plenty for a light dinner. Quick service from a one-man show. No frills, short menu, great food!
I have been to this place twice. The first time the service was fairly quick and the food was great. I came two weeks later and ordered two bowls of Pho and it took over 35 minutes to get out food out when people who got here before us got their food which is really annoying. Horrible service, great food.
they need more air circulation in the casino my clothes smell of smoke and also my hair. the cocktail waitress jena is not very friendly said I drink to fast.sorry then I wont come in there any more also I only have 3 drinks within 3 hours aksi I tip all the time
I am a fan of their pita.  It was so fresh and warm.  Excellent!  I prefer the hummus at Pita Jungle though.
The bar doesn't comp drinks. Well, charge us $20.50 for a gin and tonic and rum and coke and we'll go lose $100 somewhere else.
Just the freshest ingredients to choose from and your a avid spice lover you'll defiantly love it here.
So solid and crispy reliable.\n\nI have no idea if this is authentic Cajun food and I really don't give a shit.\n\nAll that matters is, this is tasty eats.  Check it out if you are in the mood for some fried semi-greasy goodness.
Convenient location in the casino. Slow service though and sirloin was not that good tonight- lined with a layer if tough fat. Used my entertainment book coupon so that helped and nice that you can charge to your room. We 'll be back but I'll order something different.
The food was average, I've had better Naan and fish masala somewhere else. One of my friend got his order wrongly token, so he waited sadly 10 more minutes for his correct order. The Belly Dancer was cool.
High five, best Dj line up, Best beer selection.
I agree with those that say the portions are small, but the carne asada is like no other!  Very tender and full of flavor.  Beachy little getaway without the beach when we're in the ASU area.  The employees have always been friendly and I enjoy their spiked drinky drinks.
If you are wondering how many licks it takes, come here.  You have your choice of various candies, including tons of Jelly Bellies, and a great Hello Kitty section.   Additionally, there are adult-themed offerings, both edible & non, in the back.
Good pho! Pretty good service. I guess good atmosphere if your in to that type of thing.
I have been going to Dr. Luba since the practice opened, she's great!  I love the fact that you can always get in the same day or next day.
Great Chinese restaurant\nRestaurant is Clean food is fresh and flavorful.  \nSupport family owned and operated
Cool atmosphere. Questionable Art. Drink selection is nice when its actually IN STOCK. I almost never come here at night time, not worth the waiting and crowd. \nGreat service otherwise.
I love makeup.\nThe end.
Decent food. Too expensive. Small portions.Average service
I'd give it a 3.5 if I could. Nice little independent sandwich shop. I had the roast beef and it was a large and delicious sandwich. Service was alright. The salad that came with my sandwich was pretty mediocre. I had a decent meal and a decent experience but nothing earth shattering.
great late night/early morning quesodillas quick service\n\nthey have fresh squeezed orange juice which is my no1 hangover cure.\n\ncomfy booths to slump in while nursing said hangover
I was going to write great place to have some drinks but then I remembered that the bar girl is horrible and you need to call her every time. also the menu is very limited. if you go in for lunch and eat at the bar. the bar food is half price.
Love, Love, Love the food!!! Have eaten here 4 times & take out once!\nIncredible burgers, nacho's (chips are awesome), appetizer's ,salad's and soups.  Service is wonderful!  Carlos  is very personable and obviously cares about his customers!
The interior looks like Boulder Station, but with a different floor plan.  I had some Mexican dude asking me for a dollar as I was leaving.  Crappy!
I love the Food, wine, and desserts! The ambience is nice too and the chocolate chip cookies with sea salt at the end of your meal as you walk out the door is a nice touch!
Service is good. People are friendly. This once is a little more organized and bigger than the one at the Charleston Factory Outlet.
I generally like Macy's, but this location is just ok.  Better prices can be found at Robinson May's.
Worst service.... & overpriced boba.
Great salon.  Awesome customer service.  Quick.  Perfect nails.  Mani/Pedi only $35.
Food was just ok. The quality of the rice was not great and the tuna was just average.
Service was great, food was awesome, atmosphere was extremely comfortable. I'd recommend to everyone.
Overpriced under good. Service was great but the food is not worth a drive to downtown CHandler.  I'll stay in my neighborhood and go to Tum Nak Thai.
Perfectly poached eggs & a savory tarragon biscuit are a match made in heaven. As an Eggs Benedict connoisseur I highly recommend Benedict's Cafe!!
thank you\n                                                     justin blum \n                         nancy novak kennedy \n                         cass clingen\n                         brian lieberman\n                         dylan birtishel
I like going here. Even when they are busy the food is great. Never a bad meal here.
I think Padre's is way overpriced.  I also ordered a Shepherd's pie one time, and it looked and tasted like dog food (not that I eat dog food mind you!!)...\n\nIt really lacks anything to do with an Irish bar or pub.
Best thing about jimmy john's is they deliver to my work. Subs are very bland & little less than average. But I'd order there again purely for delivery convenience
Horrible beer, horrible service, horrible menu
Huge portions, packed in the AM - good wait for a table of 6.  But food came out fast and the pancakes are GINORMOUS!!
Sorry to say this because their wine is good but they have had bad customer service all 3 times I have been in. Strike 3 I probably won't be back and I will not be referring people here anymore :/
Keith and his crew are very attentive and help me out whenever I am in a bind, no questions asked they just get their tools and get it handled with the best results every time.  It's such a small world cause we share many of the same customers too.  They too give nothing but great comments about Keiths' business too.
We always have fun here. There's giant Jenga and Connect 4 and seriously, try the nachos with a margarita. My only complaint is that they don't have pina coladas, but' a minor gripe. Great place.
I took my car in for an oil change it only took 20 minutes I was expecting to be there atleast an hour.  thanks guys.
It's always Delish!! The pancakes are The best!!!  My mother flipped over the grits, and we ate from NY!!  LoL. Enjoy !!
Pinnacle course shines at Troon North - a real treat.  Monument course nice, not as inspiring. Course conditions good, but not great.  Nice selection of golf merchandise in the pro shop.
I went on a hip hop night and not  much hip hop was played. However, it was still a good time there.
Two stories of products dedicated to Adidas.  Prices aren't that great, but product selection is.  The best deals are the clearance racks, if they are in there.
Service was very slow. I had to ask several times and the staff was just standing around. \nAll in all fun place for the kids
Nice concept, but slow service. It's a Burger King \"bar\" with a build your own burger menu. They also serve beer, but it took 20 minutes for me to get an order of medium fries. Not good. Don't make a hungry b*tch wait!
This place is great!  Great food and a great value!  The gyro and chicken plate are out of this world!
Hostess very rude! She wouldnt let us sit at a table even though the restaurant was EMPTY! !!
I don't know why some people don't like it. The food is good and really cheap too. The workers there are also really nice. Great place to eat just its better to carryout.
Great as usual this a most for southern food. I always just trust the waitress (Liz and Christy) and their recommendations and the food is a blast! Not to mention the desserts. This is just a gem. Nice to see all the regulars eating.
Goddamn, that prime rib is RARE AS SHIT. \n\nPretty trashy as far as food goes, and $20 a person. Skip this one and go to the Bacchanel at Caesar's Palace for a more expensive buffet, but will be an unforgettable experience.
This store is closed and phone is disconnected
Great breakfast spot!   Definitly will go there again next time I am in Phoenix
Always looking for great breakfast place and this is one we found.  Love the baby stack options, carrot cake yum!! The hubby love the e bgs benedict.
I just randomly passed this place and wanted to get a croissant.\n\nI got their dulce de leche croissant, it was very stale, served cold and not crispy at all.  Do yourself a favor and walk down to Jean Philippe Patisserie and get your baked goods there!!
Great place, I will be coming back but if you wanna eat here make sure you call ahead for reservations or you will be waiting about a hour to eat...
Came here on a late night for some drinks. The durian and passion fruit smoothies are delicious! Highly recommend! While you're waiting in line or for your drinks - there's plenty of K-pop posters for you to fangurl and gawk at (if that's your style).
Place is less than stellar. I got the chicken kabob salad and it was less than stellar. Fries were gross and very soggy. Place is mediocre at best and they charge more than any other greek place around here. I wouldt go here again.
Great place to buy a drink and an appetizer. Their appetizers are monster sized and are not too steeply priced compared to other restaurants in the rio hotel. We had a very nice server. Even though we were tired and zombie like he was very accommodating and courteous.
Stopped by for brunch during the marathon. The food was alright; they really push the booze, however. Good for some, less for others.
This bar has friendly service, good but slightly-overpriced tequila, and a good mix of usual and unusual mixed drinks.  It also has lots of seating, plenty of bar space, and just-dark-enough ambiance.
Fun hookah time, i didn't pay, so it was great.
I adore Karma Connection! The owners are so nice and informative! Their merchandise  and selection is really growing! They have new jewelry every time I go in!
Great food, pleasant service. My meal was prepared exactly as ordered. I liked the local sourcing of ingredients. The coffee was fantastic!  I highly recommend stopping in!
It really is the little things that make an experience special. The team if attendants who wheeled out my MIL to our car were so super nice and one even helped her put on her seat belt. It made my heart melt that they were so thoughtful!
This is a no brainer review.  Go if you have an unlimited expense account.  One of the best Ribeyes I have ever had.  The sides were good.  Great wine list!  Go look at the Bond Wine Table!   Service was impecable!
Over rated. If you want old school atmosphere and mediocre food then this is your place. For the price I would choose many other places first.
Really good, healthy food.  Owner is super friendly. Would definitely recommend. :)
Absolutely the worst HOA ever so I agree with all the previous reviews. Totally unresponsive after they send you vague violation notices and they seem to want to just cowtow to the Board that just hired them. Avoid any community managed by this group.
One of buffet from buffet of buffet,  get here for breakfast,  they had international choice to choose,  so pick whatever you are in the mood for except for Mexican, soup and salad bars are closed.
Dan (GM) is the coolest guy... He keeps all the staff and customers smiling and happy. He really knows service standards and you can tell he genuinely loves his job. Everyone here is happy and having a good time and that's what I like about this place! Good energy!
Stopped by here with some strep throat. They were very quick, and the lady up front was very nice and accommodating. The Doctor was very helpful and he offered me many different options for medicines and treatments. I've also had other family members come to this location and they all enjoyed their experience.
Buffalo burger was really dry. Beer was good & they accommodate a group of 8 but it was so boring. I didn't enjoy a dry $12 burger but Frank, our waiter, was nice. Also cheese is an extra dollar, so is peppers, etc...  Took forever to get the bill.
These guys are great - they texted me pictures of my animal while i was away - i would hands down hire them again and recommend them to anyone! Charges are reasonable and they provide very good customer service too!
Amazing customer service. These guys know what they are doing. I would give them 10 stars if I could! Highly recommend.
Spotless place!  The food is great.  Love the burgers and pizzas.  I am not a thin crust guy, but their thin crust is awesome!  The service is fast and friendly and the patio is very cool!
One of the better buffets specializing in Seafood and lots of it.  Everything from lobster, shrimps, crawfish, to oyster.  Good selection.  \n\nBut don't forget to save room for desert.  For a buffet, the desert was pretty good.
This place is a hit or miss . Depends on occasion, weather, time of day, etcetera .
The food was amazing - the service was less desirable! I will go back!!
Better today then the first time. The bun has been increased to a nice sized, sesame studded fresh bun. The Macaroni salad was good and the service was excellent as usual.
I have been eating here for seven years and the food here is the best mexican food outside El  Paso.\nI live 25 miles from this place and have not found another mexican restaurant in Phoenix that compares. The people who gave this place a poor rating must have been high on drugs.
Service was slow.  7 rolls came out one at a time over the course of 45 minutes so that no one really ate together.  At the end, a gratuity was automatically added.  We had a party of 5.  Never heard of an automatic gratuity for a party of 5, but then again, I have never had worse service.
Went here late at night for dinner after a flight. Obviously the C team was on duty. Food was cold. Expected better
Although it was because I was in a great deal of that I had to go there. I had a great experience. The staff was very nice and genuinely concerned for the way I was feeling. I had 2 extractions and I didn't feel a thing. I would highly recommend this wonderful place for any oral surgery.
I'm disappointed that I left SJ, CA without any problems. But leaving Phoenix AZ I was charged 50 dollars for my luggage be 4 pounds over weight.  I left AZ with exactly what I left home with if not less.  Thanks for nothing Southwest. This is totally BS
The shrimp wonton soup is the best thing here. And that's about it.
My first time here but I would like to go back again. The steam fish was my favorite. The spicy was kicked nicely in my mouth ;). The service was great, they always and explained.
$8 Dollars for Tap Water. Wow. No thanks! Not even TAO charged me for water. Not coming back here again...you get treated like cattle and they flash those bright ass lights in your eyes...
The only work I've had done here was an oil change, but the experience was basically what I wanted it to be.  Reasonably priced, friendly salespeople, no BS or pressure to get unnecessary extra repairs.  I was satisfied with the experience.
I love this place.  Good Casino.  You won't get lost in it.  Amazing pool and amazing clubs.
Great consolidated rental car garage...it it weren't for that, I'd rate this airport with only two stars for the same reasons every other 2-star reviewer has provided.
AMAZING!\nSo many different types of food!\nEverything I tried was delicious, they even had a great fruit & dessert bar.\nIf I had to choose the last meal of my life I'd choose to have it here.
$5.95 lunch special including soup and egg roll.  They have the best sweet and sour chicken, beating any other restaurant I've eaten in (including Chinatown in San Francisco.  I have been here twice and the service is great.  I like refills on my drink and was always taken care of promptly.
Good service with big portion great tasting food. You definitely get your moneys worth. Plenty to choose from on their menu.
This place is so good!\n\nThis is a prefect place for a first date. Great atmosphere, friendly bartenders with decent priced drinks. Had the marinara something pasta lol I forgot what it was called but it was bomb! Great location in central Phoenix next to the light rail.
D'Lisa is great. I was 6 minutes late for a Brazilian today. She still had a smile on her face. It was fast, furious and almost painless. She's the best!
Another disappointment in a meat market here in Las Vegas. They don't even butcher their own meat. They are no better than a supermarket and not as good as Whole Foods. I would love to find a true butcher here in Las Vegas.
The show was awesome, the dancers were out of this world, holy smokes!!\n\nMy favorite part was seeing the talented and rightfully respected Pole Dancer, Jenyne Butterfly! It was awesome to see her represent the Pole Fitness/Dance community in the way we see our sport! Great Job Cirque :)
Nothing to exciting here. Food was ok. We were driving to Vegas and were in need of food. Stopped by to find the place empty. The waiter was very concerned that our children may spill our drinks or break a plate. Overall I would recommend to keep driving to Vegas to get some Asian.
Sweet baby jesus the garlic hummus is to DIE for. Switch up the oh so good but carbo bad bread accompanying said hummus with fresh veggies. Score. Be still my heart.
Slow slow slow bartenders..I thought id give it a 2nd chance. Still deadly bad, and I was in a hurry too, but still not good
Their tacos are alright but their groceries are kind of expensive. I've never seen a can of Goya brand beans priced at $1.50. I mean it seems like a little thing, but they couldn't have been more than $.89 a can in San Francisco, where everything else is totally unaffordable.
Love going here for drinks after work or for dinner out.  The atmosphere is dimly lit with candlelight. My favorite dish: penne a la vodka and tomato basil soup. The servings are huge and are easily split. They have a great wine flight, which is surprisingly a lot of wine for the cost.
Hub and I both liked the food taste-wise, but the portions are very small - so much so that it's off-putting, especially for the price. We'd rather go elsewhere to get same quality chow with bigger portions, and same price.
This facility is HUGE!  The Outdoor expo was a lot of fun and is truly great for families.  Its FREE too!
Great prices that can't be beat! We paid $13 before tip which included 2 dinners and beer. Don't let the small size fool you either - there's plenty of seating in back and it's usually busy with locals who have discovered this hidden gem.
It is a fine place to go once in a while. The food is fine. I feel like the lunch specials are a little overpriced. The atmosphere is nice. They can accommodate a large group.
Worst customer service ever we got\nInto 25min argument over 3 dollars and they ended up not helping us out
I've always had good service here, unlike the Tempe location. I've never had to wait and the food is always fresh and yummy. Also... totally saw Dan Majerle waiting for a table there once.
Ordered their cheesesteak it wasn't as cheesy as I wanted and too hot they put too many peppers. I think it's over priced you usually get fries with the amount I paid.
Great for Chain BBQ
I visited the Levine Museum this afternoon.  I really enjoyed the history of  Charlotte and the progression from the cotton industry, to the banking mecca and beyond.  I recommend visiting with older kids since there is more reading, and less interactive displays.
This place has a nice lunch special. You get soup, salad and a three selection combination plate for about $13. I chose the teriyaki beef, combination tempura and California rolls. I couldn't finish my plate. The service was good and the atmosphere was fine for lunch.
cool local pub.  had many pints during my stay in Edinburgh.  heard some great live music from an older gentleman playing an electric guitar.   this pub is a must when you visit Edinburgh.
I adore this breakfast/brunch place. Every time i have out of town guests or a day to meet up with friends this is my first pick. Every time I go there I am happy with the level of service, friendliness of the staff  and quality of the astounding crepes. I would recommend them to anyone.
A real local place! Great food, low price, friendly people! A perfect combination! Love it here!
Had the wings here for the first time and it was amazing. The house salad was great like always. Except I tried the new filet and shrimp dish with mash potatoes as the side and was not impressed with it at all. The filet was bland and the mash potatoes had some raw pieces in it.
This place is very expensive, so be prepared ahead of time! In my opinion, the money is well worth the service and quality of food! The staff is amazing! Super helpful and knowledgeable about their menu! The food is delicious! Great salad bar as well! I will definitely be back! :)
Well.. coffee isn't bad but seats are super uncomfortable and I saw (not only one but at least five!!) flies sitting on foods (breads, etc) in the display case.. I will never buy any food here
The only joint to eat 24 hrs at the Luxor. Breakfast chefs are on it. Expect to eat like you are at Dennys and you won't be disappointed.
Really liked Natalie, the owner of Eat. Servers were very friendly, atmosphere and decor were nice, music was TERRIFIC - lot of Beatles, Rolling Stones, etc - the food was good not great honestly.
Good solid Mexican food.  I ate the El Jefe Carne Asada Chimichanga which was alright, but it had stewed tomatoes in it which I didn't care for.  Happy hour is 3-6 with $3.50 Margaritas and food specials.  If I was in the area, I would go again.
I waited 2 hours and nobody showed up with my food! Absolutely ridiculous all I ordered was a burger and fries
Their pizza is pretty good. Not way ahead of a frozen pizza in terms of taste but in terms of freshness it knocks frozen pizza out of the park! I like that you can have it made the way you want it. Overall, average pizza, average experience. It's all about convenience, but is it really more convenient than delivery?
Really enjoyed the burgers & the selection of draught beers.  Noise level is definitely not \"average\" as Yelp states.  Actually really loud.  I would and will come back!  Well done Attic management.
Best sushi in town.\nLove it. My newest favorite addition is Sol.\nMy lame friend from California even agrees.
The food was great but this restaurant is definitely lacking in service.  Our head server was quite rude.  It seemed to be a huge inconvenience to him to separate the bill by couple. He made us write out who each menu item was to be charged to.  Not impressed.
Holsteins is not the best burger in town. It was just \"meh\". My burger was overcooked. I asked for a medium burger and got a well done burger. Not completely dry but pretty close. And of course it has Vegas Strip prices.
I had my first treatment today from John I. He was friendly and professional, and did a great job treating the outside and inside of my home (even inside the walls!). I am so glad I signed up for bi-monthly service with Bulwark. I would recommend them to anyone who does not like living with bugs!
Just ok - I think I had higher expectations.
Very solid Mexican restaurant.  Decent prices, good food, great margaritas.
Decent decor, though the whole experience seemed slightly underwhelming.  Didn't try the food, though so can't comment on that.  The lobster-claw machine is novel, yet cruel.  I overheard that the lobsters resort to cannibalism in there and eat eachother.
Terrible service, the food arrived cold, the first manager to whom we spoke argued with us.  Waiter completely ignored us. The second manager comped us two of our six dinners and some desserts.
Horrible food. The pasta was mashed together and overly done. I never ate fettuccine so poorly done in my life. I ended up sending my food back because it was too old, salty, and gross. It was a waste of trip to there.
I have hosted the National Christian College Fair at Faith Lutheran for the past two years and have really enjoyed working with them.  They are super supportive and truly care about their students.  It's so refreshing to see a school that genuinely cares.
Took 45 min to get appetizers! Claimed they were very busy but half the seats were empty. Appetizers were cold. Didn't stay for our meals. Horrible management!
In my opinion, Duke is destroying the environment in North Carolina as well as other states it operates in. The Dan River will never be the same and due to owning several politicians, they only cleaned up a fraction of the coal ash they spilled into the River.
Not very often you have a bad pizza.  I mean it's pizza!!! How can one mess that up?   Well this place found a way to do so.  The crust was very tough hard to bight through.  The Italian does not taste like Italian sausage at all, more like plain pork sausage.  The sauce is bland.
Had problem with the breaks of the car, brought it here for free break inspection. Eric explained in detail what was wrong and what they can do to fix it. So, I left the car with them, though it took almost the entire day for it to be fixed. He provided good customer service by informing me the update with the status of the car.
Solid 4-star place. Went for lunch with people from work and ordered two sushi rolls. Both were delicious. An appetizer courtesy of the sushi chef was also amazing. Not the most expensive restaurant out there.
NC
Top class. Staff was incredible,  food is amazing!   I was overwhelmingly impressed with everything. Definitely a new favorite!
Sears is a great place for appliances, tools, home stuff etc. I don't think they have the best options for clothes, shoes, you know, girl stuff!
Worst management company I have ever dealt with. They have an excuse for everything and deliver nothing. They are not truthful people to deal with. I have lived here for year and half and have yet to have good encounter with management.\nDo not move here!
Food as always is good.  The Service on the other hand is very unaccomdating.  The girl at the register let us know when we asked if there was a manager available that they were all on vacation.  So I am guessing that customer service is the last thing this place realy cares about.  Because of the rudness.
I saw Toy Story 3D here, and the ticket price was cheaper than AZ Mills (I think because Gateway gave the matinee price for the 4;30 show).  However, the theater was smaller than the ones I've been to at AZ Mills.\n\nI choose price over size.
Busy place with a long wait...\n\nFood was mediocre....\n\nBUT their margaritas were super good. I'd come back just for those!!!
Amazing place with many choices~ if you are around this area, definitely stop by and get some fresh fruit as well
Very average at best.  Lots of history in this place,  but I don't know what all the buzz is about.   There are just to many much better alternatives.
Excellent atmosphere that really screams vegas. It's a great way to kick off your trip. Their shakes are to die for. Typically we get a burger and split the Cobb salad.
This place is huge! I really wish it was non-smoking since I always smell terrible afterwards. Super cheap drinks during certain hours which is a plus. Food is only okay, but hey it's a bar mainly.
Friendly staff and good weekday specials but this place is seriously as wide as most hallways. There are mirrors everywhere to make it seem bigger but all it does is make it so you can't avoid staring at yourself...which makes for an odd atmosphere.
Just stayed at the Luxor. The suite was beautiful and the staff was helpful and enjoyable.  I did seem to have some trouble with getting charges to the room - some services within the hotel allowed it and others didn't.  I would recommend the Private pool and cabanas, which costs more, but limits the users.
Awesome, awesome craft beer selection that rotates. Absolutely horrible food. My husband and I spent the night over a toilet after eating here. The three stars is for beer only. Do not eat here. Wait staff has been nice and attentive for the most part.
Poor service. Worst pedicure I've ever had    Along with the highest prices I've ever heard in Las Vegas. It was very offensive. I would be surprised if they make it.
I heart Target!!!  They remodeled and move things around.  Looking good!
Message test dinner at MNs suggestion. Cool urban setting.  Forgot I was in Phoenix.  Felt more like Denver or San Diego.  Pizzas and salad were stand outs.
This location has gone down hill and now there's a toothpick or some wood in my Bean cheese burrito. Bit down and hurt my teeth.
The cocktail I ordered was perfect-o, while the Jamaican Jerk baked wings were sooooo flavorful. Their pizza/crust is some of THE best I've had.  The best part?!?!  Their prices!  Great food/atmosphere for the  buck!  Will def be back!!
Good service, decent atmosphere and Very very good food!!!
Poor customer service and the gym is decent. I was set up and wasn't even given a breakdown on the charges or given a tour of the place... Horrible.
Its \"ok\". Food is pretty heavy--not for anyone who likes healthy or restricted diet. Great ambiance, good bar and patio. Terrible service and kept having to ask for things from water to silverware to our tab...and it wasn't even a particularly busy night...
You can only understand if you have been there.  The best Asian food ever.  The service makes you feel like you are a MILLION DOLLAR PLAYER.  The ambiance, the view, and the people are amazing!!!!!!
Worst dinner buffet ever!!!  Awful food, tasted old.  Buffet was a sloppy mess.  Never again...not worth it even with the bogo coupon.  Would give it a zero if I could.
Pros: beautiful hotel\nhigh tech rooms\nfriendly staff\ngreat poker games\nvery clean\ngood location\n\nCons: the complimentary soap and shampoo could have smelled better\nthe blackjack dealers take your money\n\n#winning
Subway is okay to eat sometimes, but no matter which one you go to you will always get the worst customer service and wonder how those people even got hired
Great 2-for1s before the show were great.
When it comes to pizza, I'm all about the sauce.  \n\nBoston's has GREAT sauce.\n\nThe decor, it's kinda generic.
Easily the worst post office I have ever been to period.  Long lines and employees that are not friendly at all.  They need another post office in the centennial area of town to accommodate the citizens that live here.  One is clearly not enough.
This was our first time staying here and were very pleased. The staff was really friendly and our room was spacious and very clean. The AM complimentary breakfast was also very good and once again a super friendly staff.
Luke warm water; low water pressure; tub needs to be replaced (looks dirty).  Workout facility is mediocre.  This is the worse HGI they I've stayed in.  Checking out to and going to a different hotel.  Staff was nice. Breakfast was good.
Lots of great stores
Me and my husband stayed at the Aria resort on my birthday for the first time. We loved it. It is absolutely beautiful and clean. It is expensive but you get what you pay for.
Fast friendly service and fresh food.  Orange chicken Is always the bomb.
This place is mediocre at best.  It's like they don't even try.  There are so many better choices.
Everything about this restaurant is good (decor, service, and food.) I visited this restaurant twice during their lobster festival.\n\nThe five stars are for the lobster itself. It was nicely cooked and had great spices. Tasty...very tasty.
McLean's is usually packed, always fun and the staff here is awesome. Came here to meet some friends for a bevvie or 4 and got to know the bar flies. This is how bars are supposed to be: loud, dark and reeks of booze; thumbs enthusiastically up!
Love the shopping here and the best part for us was the water show every 15 minutes at night and was a site to see. Always saw it TV and seeing it live was an experience. Not a gambler so can't comment on the casinos, but the shops and the views here were great.
Excellent wings. I realized how much I miss this place when I ate horrible chicken wings in San Jose. \n\nIt gets crowded Tuesday and Thursday because of special deal on wings, but definetly worth it. \n\nThey do not have any Native NewYorker in CA :(
Worst place ever. The waitress is rude, as well as the guy near the bar. I think they are kind of racist. whcih do not like or hate asian people.\nUnhappy memory.\nI will never ever go there again.
Wasn't expecting much but was pleasantly surprised.  Great hella kit hen burgr.  Would go back, quick easy eats on the strip walk :)
I Had a great steak, great waiter, and great drinks.  Nothing to complain about here.
5/14/2014\nFrank Coleman\nThe people at Wilhelm are very pleasant to deal with, and they do a wonderful job. I have been going to Wilhelm for many years and I don't plan on going anywhere else anytime soon!!!!
Les 3 Brasseurs is a pretty average restaurant.  The food's alright, the service is alright, the beer's alright, the atmosphere is alright (as long as you don't mind the really loud volume).  It's too expensive and well-known for what it is, but I wouldn't call it bad.
So good to find a place on the strip, near my hotel room at the Luxor that served up decent vegan food.  I'm not normally a pizza guy, I've lost the taste for the fake cheeses, preferring for less processed fair.  But this was good quality and delicious.  Go Vegan!  Eat Pizza!
This place is gone....
Worst customer service in the UNIVERSE Ashley and Megan.  Seriously Apple?  Who are you hiring!
First bar since I moved to Arizona a week and a half ago. Love the atmosphere, and the people are great. I met a handful of great people. I will definitely be a regular!
Great food, never had a bad meal there.  I love that they get their desserts from Signature Desserts.
Great place to shop. Friendly employees who are very helpful. Offers wide variety of products from local providers.
Walked in, stood for 5 to 7 full min wanting to buy my daughter a bike for her bday and didn't get acknowledged once. I walked closer to the desk and still nothing. Looked like a great place but horrible service so just walked out.
the best bakery in town.  great staff and pastry.  better boba tea than tea station, located underneath.  cute decor.
Horrible pour of a Guinness pint! Glasses are not branded and the they didn't even tilt the glass, plus no one is Irish who works there...!
We had the Meatlover and Pesto Chicken pizzas delivered.  Maybe it's better fresh from the restaurant, but I didn't think it was anything amazing.  Still toasty warm when we got it, fast delivery, and I did like how thin the crust was, but the pizza itself was mediocre.
On my 2nd visit to the salon it was sub-par... They woman was very pushy and rude. I ended up walking out without get a service done. I won't be returning anytime soon.
This place is fabulous, and look I'm number 300!!
Service is terribly slow. Orders have never been correct. Manager Oscar is trained in a third world country. I have boycotted this location for the last year and I live and work within walking distance of this place. I'd much rather go out of my way and give my money to the Boca Park location.
Took my iphone5s here after I dropped it and shattered the screen. Took about 20 minutes for the repair. Staff was friendly and so far no problems. Much better service than GoGadgets which is where we had our iPad fixed and it still has problems with the button not working properly.
Your cones are overrated! \nWhy did it take so long to make two tiny cones? Why was there so much cheese? Why was I still hungry after I ate 5 pizza's worth of cheese...\n\nI don't know. All I know is that I will never trust pizza cones again.
I got the beef teriyaki, but it was so clean and lean that it just lost a lot of the appeal of beef teriyaki. Cost a butt-load too.
4/12/13-Great food, good service & great prices. We eat here twice a month. Free chips & fresh salsa when you sit down to hold you over until you order...~nice                8/10/13 The 1st few times was great but the last few was not all that great. Hope it gets better soon
Great food! There are very few places you can get great Mexican food and this is one of few! Great prices for the food and the staff are great people! I always go there after a night out!
Would you believe that after sending the negative review to the location manager as well as corporate not one reply!\n\nGo to Sizzler instead
we came here because of a groupon deal, but it was a good atmosphere, good service, good fish and chips, good drinks. can't go wrong. too bad it's so far away!
We ended up going elsewhere...just could not get their act together.
Learn how to serve people. Mediocre food. Even worse service. DO NOT COME HERE.
Had problems with check in but they got it fixed. Good place over all.
I'm utterly impressed. I brought my daughter and her friends for a birthday lunch and the pizza was amazing. The price was right. Owner came out to greet us and shared some of her secrets of the amazing sauce. I will definitely be back for lunch and wifi!! We now have a new great place to eat.
Fast service, food was good, especially the moist brisket. They don't have traditional sides like Mac n cheese or corn bread. The serving trays are about as cumbersome as carrying around an oil derrick. Oh and there weren't any napkins readily available.
The lunch menu is all 7.95. The Kung pao dishes are all great. service is top level. Awesome and consistent food top to bottom on the menu. I come here every year with my wife from Alaska. This is one of our mandatory stops while in Phoenix.
Great show and talent!  I love the theater too!  No bad seats in the house.
This is not the Ritz or 4 Seasons but for the price it surpasses expectations. Clean, neat, quiet and outstanding service. this is a small hotel within the casino and so convenient. Located next to the floating barge. try a Japanese breakfast from room service--very interesting
Better than Macayos, but we all know that's not saying much. Unfortunately, it's a little pricey for mexican food and really not all that great. If I really have a craving for good authentic Mexican food I usually find myself driving into tow to Carolinas at Peoria and 91st ave.
Although this location is smaller than others, it does have a great laidback atmosphere.   The front desk staff is friendly and make every effort to make me feel like a valued member.\n\nWith that said, it would be great if they would open a location in the north valley (Norterra area).
I wish it had negative stars!!! Ugly waitress! Horrible service! Horrible place to be at! Stay away from it! Won't believe me?! Try it!
Ordered moon over my hammy and it was disgusting! The chef was very heavy on the salt! You can never go wrong with pancakes though! Also ordered the blueberry hushpuppy things for the first time and they were burnt. Looked nothing like the picture but then again does anything ever look like the pictures?
Great Salon!! I will be making my 2nd visit today or tomorrow.  Mike did my nails on the last visit and I am looking forward to the next.  Very attentive, nice conversation (which is very important in the service industry). Plus he did a super, super job.
Great 4$ long islands!
Pizza is nothing like Italy.... It feels like a poorly cooked pancake batter. (Very difficult to digest!)\nHowever, the appetizers are truly excellent and so is the gelato. Staff is nice and polite!
Took my best friend there from NY when he helped me move. Cool place, great beers. Like the outside seating, and it was open on a Sunday at noon.
It was a small stinky casino. You have to bet high. Even penny's, I couldn't find anything cheaper than 40cents a spin. I came out smelling like smoke bad my hair and clothes. I ended up Going down the street to Lone Butte and it was better.
i had the Rib eye steak , I was very good , money well spent ....
The management make it very difficult to live here. The amenities a great, but don't let that suck you in. I haven't met too many other residents that are happy living here. Instead, if you like this area, I would recommend The Boulevard Apartments.
Food just ok. We went with about 40 people and the served us a buffet dinner. Drinks ok but the BULL RIDE was AWESOME. Definitely gotta ride the bull.
Waitress was very prompt and friendly. Service was good, food not so much. The food was was you'd expect from a chain restaurant. Probably buy white sauce in 55 gal drums. A lot of folks seemed pleased with the food, but maybe because the prices were low.
Good but not great.  I love the fact I can get grassfed beef here but the price was too high for what you get.
There are far better places in Vegas to watch sports.  This place is very dirty and in need of an update.
On more than one occasion I have had to point out that something I was purchasing was on sale. I have also picked up Mountain Dew that was a month expired and yesterday a Fat Tire beer that was expired. If it wasn't a two minute walk from my apartment I would avoid it.
This place is the worst,  they deserve NO STARS but Yelp wouldn't allow that. Terrible service,  bad food. DON'T GO!!!
Overpriced, bland...need I say more?
Great place to have a birthday party !! with wish upon a star children's party and Charlotte NC ;)
The whores were way overpriced. They wanted $50 for anything goes. These whores were clearly the $20 type.
The best flour tortillas.
We did not like the pork chop and Buffalo. The mac & cheese was wonderful.\n\nThe decor was nice.
Save the video store, people! Great staff, and one of only few relics of its kind.
Soooo good! And you have plenty of leftovers and they still taste as yummy. Quick service too.
Yum! Great food, fast and cheap. Don't think you can get better Mexican in the area.
Jason is a great owner and shows he cares by personally checking the work of his employees. They really are the royalty of cleaning services and I would use them anytime we want our home cleaned.
I had brunch here and it was OK. The portion was a descent size and the taste was fine. I think it was a little salty for me which means for a normal person veryyyy salty.
Went there for a late night bite so we chose something that won't be too greasy. The food is alright, not too impressive. The only thing that made me remember this restaurant is that we happen to chat with the chef and he ended up offering us two deserts on the house. :)
Nothing to complain about, but I really don't see why it's so special.
The Whiskey gingerale is delicious but beware the french fries are absolutely horrible!! absurd amounts of salt!
Okay but not great sushi.
Great location for finding better clothes. I have found East Mesa, South Gilbert, Chandler, and Northwest Scottsdale to have the best clothing at these Goodwills! I love 50% saturdays and service is usually pretty good! Just try to beat the crowd early on the 50% saturdays or go later in the day.
Yuck! This place sucks. The decor is cool and total mob scene but the food is so nasty! Not even close to being authentic Italian food. I got 4 small frozen ravioli for 30 bucks...really? The service sucked as well. Stay away and try Parma or Roma instead.
Delicious! Simple is better...who would've thunk!  Love these burgers.
This place has fantastic coffee, amazing breakfast food, and the ambiance is quiet. It's a perfect place to hair relax and enjoy some nice hospitable service. \nBig Bertha always takes care of her customers!
Tastes like just bread. Wasn't good at all.
This place was terrible. Food is cheap and looked liked it was thrown in a microwave 5 min before. The beer was half decent. Would never recommend.
This place is fun. I go for beer. Not a big beer nerd but they never make me feel  dumb when I ask beer questions. So helpful and the employees and owners really take care of you. I love this place.
I love picking the car I want and going. Great concept!
Johnny's is a great place. This place has great food and atmosphere. We buy their food for our customers at CMT Cigars all the time. You cannot go wrong here. The drinks are big, cigar smokers are welcomed, I cannot say enough good things about this place!
Okay, not great, server was friendly enough and certainly easy on the eyes but this is more of a happy hour bar place than a restaurant.  Food was not the focus of the business.  Had the burrito with pulled pork and it was somewhat bland.  Won't return since there are many other options in the Desert Ridge complex to choose from.
Didn't see any roses in the \"rose garden\" and I counted only 5 butterflies in the \"butterfly house\" -- even the feeding trays were completely empty.  Definitely not 1-star, but also not quite up to \"ok\" -- 2 stars.
I really like this place.  I've been going here pretty regularly for 2 months because they have great coffee, excellent service, and an atmosphere that is conducive to getting work done. The staff is friendly, quick, and attentive.  If you need a place to study or work, you can't find a better place.
I didn't know what to expect but I couldn't stop laughing the entire time. I loved the show!
Great service & tasty food, but canned mushrooms is a deal breaker.  It tells me other ingredients may also be not fresh.
Next to and connected to the City Stop gas station. Friendly staff and quick service for carry out. Staff was brief on the phone but friendly.\nIt is Domino's, so it is not the most fancy but the pizza looked and tasted fresh and delicious.
One of my favorite BYOB locations in the Pittsburgh area.  Offering a variety of simple and flavorful Italian food.  You can not go wrong with the.  I have never had a bad meal.  The pizza and raviolis are my favorite!
They were a bit understaffed that night. And I think our server seemed a little inexperienced.  But other than that, a nice place, with live music. And the burger I ordered was outstanding!
This place has a great staff but the lady at the first table is the worst! She is no good at nails and is supposedly a manager. She has no clue on running a business. I actually feel sorry for the staff! They deserve  a better work environment!
Can't do all you can eat by yourself. Seems unfair to pay more for just a single item on the menu when I couldn't get someone to join me and get the 15.99 price.
I don't like this place. Lunch is cheap.
He's like the soup nazi on Seinfeld he's rude to the customers but they keep coming back for the food, I get the italian beef with mozzarella, he charges 50 cents for refills it cost 3 pennies cheapskate only on the strip you can get away with charging drink refills
Why does everything list this as a top tourist attraction? It's a never ending maze of shopping malls. There's nothing interesting about it. If you want to shop, go for it, but you'll find the same stores as are in any US mall.
I LOVE Maria's! It is a no-frills place, but the food is so good. It's also more authentic than you can get in most places around Charlotte. Food always comes out quickly, which is a plus.
Rofl good lord this place...why did I pay $40 to come here?  :/  Probably because the bf and others wanted to...\n\nSuper dark and super crowded.
Sadly this place is out of business :(
Very good food but you can get do much better value.  The portions are freakishly small for the prices.  The lunch menu torta was decent value.  Don't get me wrong great flavors but expensive and not worth it.  Go next store and get an amazing burger
I know why this is called a deuce.  Another word for feces.\nLas Vegas blvd is always constipated anyway, so riding in the deuce is like being part of a slow bowel movement.
Ridiculous. Had to wait 15 minutes for a latte with 8 people working there. Avoid at all costs.
Good quality food fairly priced. What more could you ask. Great place to stop in and have a bite. Their bread is excellent.
I love their shellac!
After being repeat customers we had the worst experience with customer service. Since that time we have not been back and will not return.
The chili dog looks and tastes like cat vomit.  I took one bite and tossed it.  Keep walking, this place SUCKS!
Much to my surprise, the food was great and the portions large. The cheese was melted on top of my omelet, a different touch. The rye toast was excellent marbled rye. Service was fast and friendly. A good choice for breakfast in Vegas
What a let down!  Could go to chain steakhouse and get the same taste.  Steaks not cooked correctly. Waitress seemed like we were putting her out everytime we asked for something.  For the price and for the chef's name on it, I expected so much more.
Great local bakery in the heart of downtown Chambana.  Awesome to drop in in the evening and get a good dessert.  Love the cheesecake baklava and I recommend their fresh ciabatta bread as well.
03/31/2013  Sinful in sin city...
My son wanted a flat top no one didn't knew how to do it. With being a guy place for haircuts, I would think they could a flat top. I will not be back. Very disappointed.
Big turn around! Very happy. Probably just a fluke of cruddy circumstances. Nice to say that when I go in now, things are great!
Obviously they have good brews. They actually also have some good cocktails and a decent wine list. Their food is pretty damn good too. \n\nThis is a great setting for a Saturday or Sunday lunch. They're also very kid friendly if you're looking for a good family spot.
Erica is 110% right! This place blows! You might as well go to H&R Block down the street. They need to change the name to what it really is.
I got microbraids done by Sarah in April 2013, and they have held up great. Sarah and her assistant were fast. My service was complete in 4 hours and I have really thick , natural hair! I would definitely go back.
The food is great but the issue we have is with call ahead. They tell you 15-25 minutes and it always ends up being 45! You ask if the order is all there and it never is. I told my husband this is the last time I go there. It's sad because we really like the food.
I really enjoyed their frozen yogurt. It has that slightly tart taste that reminds you that it is in fact yogurt whereas most places have yogurt that tastes more like ice cream (not that that's a bad thing).
I ordered the garlic chicken dinner special, so good, they packed the take out container, it was so much food! Saved half for later :)
This place has the best PHO on the west side :)  And they are know for their egg rolls.  My parents actually found this Vietnamese gem.  The staff is very nice and the food is cheap.  Always a great sunday lunch with the family!
This is the worst WalMart I have ever shopped.  The parking is ridiculously impossible;  the place is always packed.  The store is not clean or organized.  The staff is extremely unhelpful and  border on outright rudeness.\n\nI would avoid this location at all costs!
It doesn't get any better than Mon Ami! Delicious food,wonderful service,spectacular views! Love the new baked shrimp,as well as the chocolate pecan tart. Thank you Nancy.
What a fun show - I was a little skeptical because of the price and the small venue, but it was everything you want in a vegas show: comedy, stunts, and good production values.  Worth every penny.
This place is dirty and the service are bad. They put the tip on the check automatically and we only have 4 people. The food is just so so.
Very bad management! Had to wait in a long line because they didn't have enough menus. We had to share one menu. Also, completely understaffed. It took 30 minutes to just get my order placed. And another 30 minutes for the food to arrive.
Ice cream break!
This place is very mediocre, my daughter almost puked on the mango Lassi, the poori with masala was not  just not right. Oh never get the chai here because  it tastes stale.. They need to start sprucing up the place. .
Love this place, great bistro Mexican food and good proportions and prices. My favorite thing to order there is the Grande Plate with comes with everything. If you have the choice get the \"papas\" versus the beans.
The waitstaff is very helpful in getting your order and bringing it to your table. My Reuben sandwich was a bit dry though. Other than that, it's a friendly place to get a quick meal before heading off to other activities.
I was not impressed. The food was so-so. I love Garde Manger so I was surprised. The dishes were just off in the taste combinations. Cocktail was ok, not great. The decor is really nice.
Twice I've caught Espresso Royale staff overcharging me for my drinks. Mind this if you are ordering a tea latte, because somehow they charge you for a coffee latte instead, which is way more expensive.\n\nIn addition, I caught food poisoning from their mango smoothie.
IHOP is IHOP.... so the 2 star rating is not for the nation wide chain, it's for this specific location. This IHOP has really really bad service, food takes a long time to show up, drink refiles never come, and it's not as clean as I would like.
pay a few extra bucks and rent somewhere else\n\ni used fox in oakland before and they were ok, but this is a painful place\n\nnot worth saving the 3 extra bucks a day
Don't waste you time; this buffet is just bad. Low quality and nasty. Go to Bellagio or Paris and get a good buffet.
It was just ok. I went due to the fact of the high ratings and reviews mentioning it was good for kids. I mean it was just ok and not cheap unless you find coupons. Ratings are too high its a 3 star show.
This restaurant, while quaint and non descript serves really fresh and delicious uzbek food.  The kabobs are amazing, especially lula kabob.  The chicken is super tender and flavorful.  Service is good as well.  Five all around.
We didn't stay for the rooms, but did enjoy the shops and dining experience. Beautiful decor and stunning architectural design. Will visit again.
Love Einstein Bagels, and was very happy to see this location pop up close to home.  You regular Einstein here; neat and tidy.\n\nService was good and the quality of the fresh made bagels is the best in town.
Enjoyable meal!  I mean this is a niche fast food joint and reliably provides what one expects. I prefer the burrito bowl, seems healthier. Give it a try.
I don't know if it's a chain, but I they are one of my favorite curry places (I like panang and gang ka ree). Everything is good, but the curries seem to skimp on veggies. The salad with noodles is also very good.
Love every burger I've ever had here! The only reason I. Giving it 4 stars instead of five is because the service can be kinda slow sometimes. Other than that it's great! The decor is cool and the sweet potato fries are amazing! Definitely stop by if you're in the Dilworth area
Our family has frequented Shogun for years and we are done. The service is awful and the food has gone  downhill. While I hope that their manager Shelly has success turning it around, it is obvious that the owners don't care. Our friends are saying the same thing.
This  place is soo good and cheap. We love it.  My husband and I have been coming here for over 12 years.\nYou have to try the chicken wings they r sooo good!   I recommend this place,  yes the place might be a little dirty\nso just take it to go.  its good for a quick cheap lunch.
They have good lunch specials! The food is good.
I filled my ample belly with OJ, fresh cantaloupe, ambrosia, easy over eggs, corned beef hash and a tiny spoonful of bread pudding.  Overall, I felt this buffet has slipped a notch since our last visit.
The price was much too high for the quality and presentation. The staff was nice, but even for the convenience I can't justify the quality for the price.
Buttters never disappoints!! Their food is amazing. They also have fantastic gluten free pancakes and waffles!
Really great food and service. Classy atmosphere without too much pretentiousness. Would definitely go back.
bad food, bad service.....a no go......dont do it
The sandwiches okay, the fries mediocre, but the pretzel fondue was out of this world! I still dream about it.
This place is like NEVER open! Are there like secret hours?
Not too good.  Very sweet and the price is very outrageous.   Pf hangs because it left me hanging.  Waitress was awesome though. Steph....
The worst, the undisputed worst. One star is generous. One to two hour wait times. I waited at least an hour to cancel then was lied to about the cancelation. I had to call back to wait again. Then They tried to bill me after I turned in my equipment a month later
Check out the Prime Rib French Dip. Very delicious. Best french dip I have every had. Also try the sweet potato fries.
Fast, cheap, and good food. Last star reserved because servers were overwhelmed by dinner rush, sauces were a little salty (but not a deal breaker), and we sat in a cramped corner in a dining room that got pretty hot. I'll be back though to try other things.
Nice place, great location, awesome salads and a good service. What more do a hungry person need? ;)
Loved what we ordered: Benny Goodman egg Benedict, Bella Bella egg Benedict, and 3 pancake flight. Can't wait to go back and try more!!
AMC is alright but knew when RAVE left it would go downhill with prices, specials and appearances. It's alright, nothing in comparison to RAVE though.
The environment is great, but it can get really noisy.  Also regarding the food - while it is generally good, the choices are very limited and have not changed much in my experience.
This Dairy Queen will always ask you if you would like extra toppings in your blizzards, you will always say yes, they will always charge you the extra price, and you will NEVER get the extra toppings.
I got a margarita here that was excellent but the location isnt as good as the one at cesars palace. i did not get an extra shot but next time im getting  a hurricane.
Ordered the Chicken pad Thai and had it delivered to my work. The food was not as spivey as I liked and the noodles were a bit dry. However it was still good and they were nice enough to deliver it for me. I still need to give it another try before I say I love or hate because. Overall great customer service.
Wow, Very good, well priced.  You can't go wrong, there's delicious middle eastern food and desert.  I love the pastries.  Try a Turkish coffee.
This place is always changing and always takes my breathe away...it's always a nice escape from the hustle of bustle and really gives u time to appreciate everything...a must see when u come to vegas
A very well thought of store ins and outs. great selections between clothing brands and shoes. An alright costumer service is balanced out with their big screen tv equipped with a gaming console which you can play when your done shopping (well the last time I went atleast). A must-stop-by for fashion/shopping.
The best spider roll I have had in any sushi place I have ever been in.  Awesome!  If you're into soft-shell crab rolls like I am, you are always looking for the best.  So far... this one tops the list.  Good balance of ingredients and very fresh.  A must try on your next time out.
Yuk. not very tasty at all. only good point was that the counter guy caught that they had missed the bacon (if you can call it that) on hubby's burger.
This place is a joke, wait 20 minutes for a the , the front counter person was rude, parking is a disaster , and the place is small and cramped , what the hell am I paying for? Be warned this is the worst la fitness in town  or maybe the whole state.
The place I normally get my haircut was closed, so needed to find a place I could get a quick trim in the area I was in. Found this place and before I even sat down in the waiting area, they called my name. Great service and happy with the trim!
Review in Haiku:\n\nOld folks congregate,\n\nin this dark, hole in the wall,\n\njukebox plays oldies.\n\nP.S.- I really like the Swizz.
Bone-in filet and porterhouse were amazing. You could cut the filet with a butter knife.  Definitely recommend Anthony's for a delicious steak experience.
It's an airport......\n\nThe taxi guys were nice though.
Who the heck even wants to climb this disgusting-looking mountain? It puts the beautiful Arizona nature and scenery to shame.
I have eaten at Boston Market more these past 6-months than ever before, no particular reason.  This past experience left me tasting, well bland meatloaf.  I was very disappointed, very bland, no spices, nada zip.  Oh well, maybe I should simply stick to the chicken!!
Very sad when this place burned down.  Loved their Hawaiian chicken. Looks like they were taken over by some new outfit.
Only go for dessert or the cheese fondue. The main entree is a rip-off and not good. The ying-yang chocolate fondue is heavenly.
Always love going to CPK. There three of us. The salad and spaghetti was excellent. Took awhile to get served, bread and a waitress. She was looking right through me as I recited my order, was slow and just not interested. I'd still go back though.
I'm not a fan of Chinese food because it can be a little bland sometimes, but the Chinese food here is pretty good and authentic. From the appetizers like dim sum and pot stickers to the entrees like noodles and stir fry, it is all satisfying!
Good food. Cheap
Whoever's big idea it was to put a black iron fence around 99% of the open grass ..u suck. Gotta play on a sanctioned soccer team to have fun inside the fence area.
After finding shrimp in my veggie tempura I ended up throwing everything away because I'm sure there is cross contamination with everything they prepare. I'm allergic to shellfish so that's a big no for me. Won't ever go back to this place
These guys rip you off. I had a coupon for an oil change, fluid top off, and a tire rotation.  I have a scratched rim on my car so I know where it was they said they rotated my tires when in fact they didn't. Total losers
Huge breakfast portions but very good. You could easily split a dish with someone. We came during a weekday so it wasn't overly busy. Service was great.
Not 50% locals anymore, well for those not at platinum level, so I don't feel it's worth it to go here.... For a sub par buffet it's not worth my 20$ per person. Sorry, Vegas has other buffets that are worth it.
It was pretty good. I had the Shoyu ramen, came out fast and filled me up. The atmosphere is fun, and I love the wigs on the server girls.
This place is awesome what can I say. Amazing quality food. \nOnly down side is that it gets super packed and it's open seating so fining a table can tak time. It's no big deal overall though.
We ordered a large cheese pizza. Everything was good until we found a sharp piece of hard plastic baked into the pizza! We added a photo of the unexpected topping. Save your money and skip the garlic knots. They were small and not worth the price.
Rockers may not also know the best food,..but this rocker in fact know the best tequila! Ooooppphhhh that hurt a little!
I've eaten here about 6-7 times.\nOn a few occasions they can be reasonable.\nBut far too often the wings taste like left overs which were microwaved from the previous day.\nQuality is not important to this restaurant.
Excellent sushi. Great service and beverage selection. Staff are very friendly and knowledgeable.  I've been here twice and will continue to go, plus they just increased their hours and added a great happy hour.
Of all their locations not one if my favorite they don't give as much as the others they are a bit slow and not so clean food is good not great and I wouldn't call it hawaiian food it's more like wannabe like Hawaiian food
The sashimi pieces on the rolls are a tad dry-looking, not appealing. The rest that don't come with sashimis are delicious. I ordered cherry blossom (?), the sashimi wrapped with cucumber is very fresh! The prices are very reasonable. Will come back again!
Sushi and burger don't mix!
First time eating here, and I am torn. The food was ready for pick up in about 5 minutes. I like that lunch specials come with the rice and all in the same container. Beef w/ broccoli was just OK... Could have used more sauce. Will definitely go back though, lots of potential here!
The food is good. But the served amount is too little compared to the price. And the soup is too salty. Please, go to other places for Chinese food.
Loved it!! Great place for groups and small families alike.  I went there with the in-laws along with my 15 mth old son and we all enjoyed it!  My son was in awe of the performance by that teppenyaki cook as were we!  Wonderful food and great atmosphere!!
Worst Peter Piper I have ever visited. They gave us the wrong order and when I tried to tell them, the manager was extremely rude. The pizza was disgusting. One side had more sauce than the other. Some people where trying to get in a fight. Definitely not family friendly.
The place itself was nice, clean and they had board/card games for the customers to enjoy...the boy at the register however was rude and was trying to rush me ordering when it was my first time being there.  I ended up getting the rebels special with mango and it wasn't anything spectacular.
One of the top tier Hampton's we have stayed at, and we have been to a lot of them across the USA.  Quiet, comfortable, and great breakfast with ample eating area.  Within easy walk of The Strip.  The only Hampton with a full bar and slots for those who want to leave a little money in Vegas.  Highly recommend.
Good place to get some Italian Food.
Great selection of delicious pizza varieties!
Lolo's is fine.  I've been a few times with friends.  The menu is unique and the portions are good.  A+ on selection.  The food is okay.  College kids love this place!
Amazing food, just loud and always packed. I would definitely recommend the food though! Yummy
Greasy, cheesy, and not enough salsa. $6 for a taco \"con todo\" (with onions and a bit of cilantro). Physically filling. But unsatisfying in every other way.
A great breakfast place. The service was ok... a bit slow. The food is good but probably not the healthiest and the place could use a bit of an update. All around, the food is inexpensive and good. I'll definitely be back.
Im actually at about a 3.5 on this place only because it wasn't memorable food...everything was good but not great
I'm a regular here.  Food is always fresh and prepared well. Can't go wrong with their noodle dishes. I ordered the duck fried rice and it was spectacular.
The food was very good and the service was prompt. I had the beef fajitas, rice, beans and corn tortillas. Everything was fresh  and tasty. the corn tortillas were my favorite they were thick and had lots of texture. I would go back anytime.
Came here for steak & eggs for 5.79. Such a good deal. Food is decent for the price but nothing super amazing. It was pretty packed even at 5 in the morning.
Just another corporate alternative to Starbucks, but not in any way different. Go one block east to Coffee Rush on Gilbert/Baseline for a much better and cheaper cup of coffee.
I was not prepared for the amount of time it took. But I would recommend this. I was nervous at first to have the student retouch my expensive ombr\u00e9, but she did a fabulous job. Thank you, Sue!
Good service and tasty food.
Worth every penny!  Tons of selection.
Love the selection. Been shopping here for years. The employees however are always rude and shouldn't even work in the public. Normally I grab what I need and get out of there fast as possible.
Worth the experience.  The presentation, service and food were all superior.
We tried pretty much every thing on the menu. The best items were the Strip Steak served with a heated rock for cooking, blueberry saki and the albacore tuna belly sushimi... other then that the food isn't great. The atmosphere is what keeps it a 3 for me.
Very quite! Not over crowded. Had a pleasant time with my two kiddos. Small fountain for the baby to play in was perfect.
Been here a few times and it's a clicky place. If you're not best friends with the bartender the don't even bother. Not to mention, I've seen the over zealous bouncers step way beyond there means multiple times in a single night. Saw them get arrested tonight which sparked this review. Never going back.
I like this place for the most part but don't make the mistake of offering the eggs benidict it is sourer.  The poor lemon in it
Food was excellent!\nService was horrible.  Hence the 2 stars.  \nNot even half full restaurant & 2 hrs from start to finish
Great bagels, amazing pickles, and decent prices. The staff here is always friendly. The bakery has a huge selection for treats to take home. I love Chompies for breakfast. Try one of their eggs Benedict plates. You won't be disappointed.
The best part is that the workers are great, and it was sort of interesting.
Horrible.  no room service after 11pm.... You offer and advertise a full bar? But after 11 a guest can order a crappy pizza and have it delivered to the front desk.  That is it?   Very very far from ANY uptown upscale hotel offering .
I love this place. All items on the menu are worthy to try them. My favorite one is the Koko (biscuit with fried chicken). The service is a bit slow but they are so sweet and cool that who cares?
search Wasabi Jane's rice and noodle works for more reviews.
Yummy! I had the tacos and tried a couple of their specialty drinks. The hubby enjoyed their choice of root beer.
Completely chill environment. I pretty much always get the chicken quesadilla which is awesome, so I really can't comment on anything else. The prices are good and the service is quick.
This place is great. Nice coffee shop atmosphere and really good organic food, coffee and tea. A must go to anyone looking for quality organic and vegan beverages and food. The staff is also really nice and helpful. Highly recommend it!!!!
Ran in for a quick lunch, had the cheese burger special.  Good food at a fair price, bartender (Stephanie) is a great gal.  I've always had a good time!
I had my meal on the premises while with a friend (I usually take it home) and it was a pretty decent experience.  The store is clean and the staff are so friendly they make you feel right at home.  Thanks, PoS!
I only have one more thing to add to these great reviews. The gents toilets on a Friday night should be avoided. \n\nEver wondered if somebody could vomit on the ceiling? \nOnce you see it, you can't unsee it.
This is definitely my second home! Always a great shopping experience. \n\nThe layouts pretty much the same as any other, however they have a solid selection of produce here, so you can get all of your shopping done in one run.
Das kann ich auch! Billige Lebensmittel und einen Service unter aller Kanone. Ich denke wer nicht viel von Qualit\u00e4t erwartet und ein Ambiente
Good rolls. Cute girls= fun time.
Wouldn't let me get something nortized because did not have an account with them ... My friend went there the other day to do it and charged her and wouldn't let me do it....   Horrible!!!
I enjoyed BRGR more when it first opened, but less so recently. I am not as adventurous with my burger choices so I always order the same thing. Plus, I think it's odd fries or chips don't come with a burger meal. There is a nice draft selection which is a plus.
Tight and cramped tables so close together that you can touch your neighbor! Pizzas are terrific along with some great deals for happy hour.\nIf you can sit at the bar...do it! Nice local place but it really needs more space to accommodate patrons comfortably...
Place has a nice atmosphere and they have Great Wifi. 100 times better than Starbucks!
This is a fun staple in Pittsburgh where the locals and university students alike come to dine. $10 bottles of wine is an attraction as is the fried fish sandwiches. They have delicious fish sandwiches!
long drive for a touristy, drab area, with not much to do.
not \"real\" mexican food but a decent substitute in a pinch
Just what charlotte southpark needed, another chauvinist restaurant with young girls not pretty enough to strip in short shorts and mediocre food lol. The waitress hung over the top of the table while I ate with my husband and tried to flirt for her tips. Definitely not going back anytime soon.
Cold bread \n\nAverage chiken\n\nDirty glasses and forks and knives \n\nService was so bad i changed waiters 3times
A \"neighborhood joint\" that's closed on Sundays during football season???
Worth visiting...we saw a guitarist who was competent...and a female singer who was entertaining...wouldn't call it a hardcore blues club...but entertainment is entertainment...no food...but drinks are good...
Lovely shop, such a nice mix of new, old and handcrafted - super staff - the nicest people!  and  always new things to check out.
Very clean.....the cafe has a lot of healthy food..... The staff is wonderful very friendly I would recommend to all of my friends
Cool vibe and excellent service.  The food was expensive for the portion size and quality, but still good.  LOVED the chips and salsa.  Would just eat those for a meal next time!
overpriced as should be expected - had oatmeal which was ok at best and i guess its not fair to judge a place when i only get oatmeal, but the service was slllloooooooow.  coffee however was very very good
Went in on a sunday afternoon. Place was dead. Wasn't greeted, sat at a table and was not helped. Waited 10 minutes, still no service. Walked out and still heard nothing from staff. \n\nIf time and service are important to you stay away from Hob Nob.
Excellent food (Pad Prik King).  Spent my 4th of July dinner there, and enjoyed it.  Great Thai Iced Tea!  Will be back.\n\nLove the way they bring the food on rolling trays!
Ca nous a pris 10minutes pour avoir de l'eau. On ne nous a pas offert d'autres boisson et le serveur \u00e9tais tr\u00e8s \"so-so\"
The dishware is dirty. I can see leftover soy sauce on my spoon. Cup are also leftover tea marks.
A hidden gem, they have a little appetizer bar full of spicy items e.g tripe, pig ears, tofu, etc it's delicious too! I'll be coming back for more
I love this place. I always have a wonderful experience here. Everyone is friendly and makes me feel at home.
I went here for my first time and had lunch; overall I thought it was ok. The menu prices are very reasonable. I had the southern BLT w/fried green tomatoes and it tasted average, definitely not the best BLT I have ever had. I would go back and try it again.
Very tasty, incredibly friendly, great value for the prices, open until 4 and right next my house. I seriously could not be any happier. I'm in love with this place.
We came here today for the first time, their cupcakes are amazing.We highly recommend people to go there. The service is really good and the cupcakes are the best we have ever had.
You used to be so much better, really going down hill :(
in my constant search of oysters, i came upon oceanaire. \nthe charlotte, NC location is CLOSED!!!
Update - The restaurant is closed as the windows are covered with orange plastic wrap. \n\nI have been told (rumor) that the space will either be converted to a food court, or that a Jack Astor's is moving in.
Nice environment. But best pizza in Vegas? Not so much. Friendly fast service was the best part. The pizza was good, different and interesting. But for my fellow westsiders Grimaldi's is much better and closer.
all I can say about old town is this: If you're young and up for a great night out with lots of options as far as bars, lounges and great restaurants...you will have a blast!
I'm glad to have a Mexican restaurant so close. Loved their tacos. They do takeout, which is convenient for us. They also sell Mexican groceries and sodas.
I threw a graduation party here, Tuesday night, for my UNLV Graduate daughter! Everything was perfect. From the arrangements, to the setting, to the servers, to the food and yummy drinks.. It really could not have gone more smoothly.\nThis is ABSOLUTELY a perfect place to hold an event.
Nothing special about this place at all especially since most entress are in the $15 range. Combine that with a $3 soda and you're talking about a $20+ lunch. Just not worth the price unless maybe if you're drunk coming out of Pure.
Overpriced. Bad flavors. Not nearly as good as Yogurtology or Yogurtland. I think their yogurt is a bit icy. I never get toppings, so I can't comment on that.
Do not eat sushi here. The service was good, the bartender was pleasant, but the fish was terrible. We ordered tuna and salmon nigiri which was completely dried out and, in a word, disgusting. I have to assume the other reviews refer to the wok menu, because the sushi was a health code violation waiting to happen.
I was only there for Frozen hot chocolate, and I regretted. HORRIBLE - pure  water with chocolate powder and crushed ice ... and the regular size charged me $ 17.00, a fortune for this....I DON'T RECOMMEND  to anyone ...
Great atmosphere, Great food. The waiter Alex is the best at what he does. Truly had a great time!!!
Good food but not as good  as their other locations. Someone needs to manage the service. Three bad experiences with poor service.
awful, food is bad and there is nogood service.
The food was pretty good. Amazing grilled cheese sandwich. The server was awesome! The beer not so good. They seemed to be out of everything but Bud Light.
Yeah, how hard is it to follow instructions? Because when I asked for my haircut I got something WAY shorter than what I wanted. But your thinking \"Oh they might've understood you wrong.\" Nope I showed them a picture too and they still messed up! (Yes im furious)
So many lanes, so few cashiers. Cashiers look stressed. Hold up on one lane so told might want to switch lanes then guess what.... Yeah. Didn't help.
I would give this place 3.5 stars, can't do 4.  Place is very clean, great service, good food.
Jesse James is amazing and now he has added a new massage therapist named Evan. Evan was amazing! He really made me feel very comfortable and explained everything he was doing and it all made complete sense. His type of massage was something I have never experienced before. I would recommend a massage with Evan!
I came here for an IPL (photofacial). I've had many of these in the past from another place so I knew what to expect. This place is a joke! The IPL here was a waste of money. I would never go back.
Mmm.  Delicious custard to help save you from that blazing Las Vegas sun.  Rich and creamy.  You need to get some.  \n\nCASH ONLY though.
This place was unclean.The woman that did my nails stabbed my toe and it is now infected. She was really rough pulling my hands while doing a manicure and had my leg bent because she was so lazy. Worst pedicure ever.
Been there several times, tired different items on the menu, food is always great. Charburger, & fries, so much better than Five Guys. Turkeyburger and onion rings, excellent. Haven't found a better burger for a \"quick\" lunch or dinner.
I love Sushi Koma! Only downfall It's pretty small on the inside 9 tables mostly 2 tops and a sushi bar that seats 7. It is definitely worth it to do the AYCE. Favorite Rolls here: Tiger Roll and Sam's Volcano
Good Ramen.  You won't regret coming here.  I had a bowl of rich Ramen with pork and a side of Kimchi.  Very good tasting broth.  Service was very friendly and quick.  I'd come back any time.
found a cockroach in the bathroom....I just left.
first time my family and i have eaten at this restaurant and i really did enjoy the atmosphere, food and customer service. The food portions are filling so if you can try to hold back from eating up all of the yummy appetizers, lol. Can't wait to come back in the near future.
I was going to give it three stars because of the philly dog.  The dog itself was really good but the steak topping needed salt and was a bit tough.  However, the new orleans dog was excellent.  It was a big andouille sausage covered with jambalaya which had a nice spice to it.
I have reservations about dirty tables and floors and food that is not at the proper temperature and this Panda Express had all those characteristics when I visited.
The service was horrible. The TV was on a station showing a deer being hunted and killed. All in all a terrible experience.
There is nothing like the power pancakes!!
Not your typical Denny's it is funny how often I encounter a business that comes off like they don't want my money. RUN FOR THE HILLS. Especially at night. You are lucky if a waiter even knows your waiting to be seated. It might be the loud rap music playing from his pants.
Sushi is good but nothing you couldn't find at a real Sushi house. Had to wait hours for a table then they double billed our credit card and refused to fix it.
Awesome awesome awesome food at a reasonable price,I really love the Asian fusion stuff. Definitely will recommend this place to all of my friends.
I walk in, sit down, and they already know what I want. They've never forgotten me from the past time i was here. This is customer service. Love is place.
Although the representatives are relatively friendly, the company is very unprofessional, charges higher than standard storage rates, refuses to state formal policies and procedures, and behaves more like a seedy pawn shop than a legitimate business.
My experience here was pretty decent. The food tasted pretty fresh, and the atmosphere was very fun. The prices of the wine and food was very reasonable too. I definitely recommend trying this place out. \n\nTry the Bruschetta... it was amazing!
We had a bad server who rarely came to our table and overcharged us, drinks were great. Music is kept so loud you have to scream to be heard
Been here since they first opened.  I love everything that they do and the family is excellent.  They could use a small makeover but, in terms of food quality, they're amazing
I really enjoyed the multi grain pancakes this morning, service was great as well.
Terrible, terrible service. Waiter was rude and inattentive. We had to ask him multiple times for water and he gave preferential treatment to other customers who showed up much later than we did. I do a lot of traveling and I can guarantee I won't be visiting this location again.
I love these guys!! The food is great and the people running it are awesome!! Good folks and good Food!!
We really enjoy Krua Thai.  Its a small place and never super crowded.  The food has been reliably delicious.  My husband prefers Krua Thai to Sala Thai, but I'd maybe say it's a tie with overall experience being better at Krua and food maybe slightly better at Sala.
No one bothered helping us : (
You cannot beat this location for downtown Madison. Walking distance to many fantastic restaurants, coffee shops, shopping etc. Love the valet parking. However, it is in major need of renovations. Stay for the location but not much else.
Delicious Thai food!  Pad see ewe, crab fried rice, and Tom yum soup was really good...
Steak and eggs for 3.99, u can't beat that in the morning. Especially starting out on a trip back to L.A.   We enjoyed our meals here.  In order to get 3.99 steak & eggs you have to get a players card at the desk.  It's free.  We will definetly be back.
Meat patties are from the Dollar Tree store down the street. The lady served it to us right out of the microwave, still in the paper wrap. Never again!
just like the govt to have a satellite branch but no signs on the building that the henderson branch does not replace cards or provide new cards yet if you ask one of the brilliant clerks they are not a satellite branch. How can a city of over 1 million have no offices in Henderson?
Won't be going back....my sister who usually cuts my hair saw how bad of a job it was. A hair person herself, pointed out the simple little things.....won't be going back plain n simple.
This is my favorite place to go for lunch. They have really great pizzas and salads. My favorites are the chicken pesto pizza and the pear Gorgonzola salad. They have great prices, atmosphere and service. I highly recommend them.
I found my home with Christine @ The Art of Touch!  Her new location matches her style of class and professionalism which immediately puts you at ease. Christine has a true talent to work out even the most tense muscles. I look forward watching her business grow at her beautiful new home!
I cannot comment on their products because I never made it in the nursery! The way that I was treated on the phone was horrible! I was placed on hold for 6 minutes and 31 seconds and when she came back to the line, she had forgotten why she put me on hold in the first place!
Denied service because our party of 7 is too big?! They can't sit parties larger than 4. Happy to take my service else where.
Way speedy!  Before I could even finish eeking out the name of my drink (medium chai tea latte, iced) it was sitting before me on the counter.  Wish they had more food options, I prefer to stuff my face with a fat filled cookie or something when I'm indulging in a sweet coffee.
The pulled pork had too much sauce and this place loses a full star for the number of flies! It was unsanitary and disgusting!
I agree with the review written by martinez b. Grace is the worst bartender ever!!! She is lazy and treats all her customers with disrespect. I stopped going to the bar just because of her attitude. Someone let me know when she finally gets fired so I can start going there again.
I got recruited out of this mall for the Army back in 2005. They have since moved the recruiter station down the street, because it was \"unsafe\" to be in this mall. That should tell you something about coming here.
Just passed by this DD the other week, and sad to see it is now CLOSED.  Blame the economy I suppose.
This place is great for happy hour if you like margaritas.  I love the blue decor.  The cheese crisps are great.  Kind of a little older crowd though like late 30's-50's.  I prefer my 20 something places but all around good food and drinks.  I would go there again.
Color Me Mine is warm and cozy studio. I had a wonderful experience. The staff is informative and kind. Good music playing in the background, great selection of ceramics! Perfect recommendation for a creative date first date, or a play date for children ! Anyone into art would enjoy Color Me Mine!
Quick service and delicious food!
There seems to be a bleach odor that resides at this location.\n\nYogurtland is Yogurtland - delicious regardless of location :)
Great prices for the food. Love the online ordering
No real atmosphere at all. Bar was constructed like a Kitchen Counter. Great TV's. I-Hop style menu. Staff was busy talking to each other most of the time I was there. I give the place another 6 months top to survive.
I would love this place, the waitress was very nice (in more than one way) and the food was delicious. But after feeding only myself for what I thought was one of the least expensive meals I walked out having spent about $25 including drink, dessert, and tip for only one person.
This is the only post office I've ever been to that has friendly employees! I had to see two different employees and they were both really nice and actually smiling! I def recommend this Post Office. I was here around 10am and I didn't have to wait at all, both times.
After reading all the reviews and not haven Indian food at all on our vacation I was looking forward to experiencing some authentic Indian Food..... But even though they say they are open on Thursdays when we got there they were closed!!!! Make sure you call first!
Its got good food, but its rarely really clean.  Enjoy the plaque in the entrance that notes this place for having the fewest sanitation violations...
Good food and atmosphere.  It is on the pricey side, and portions are mediocre, but overall, good.  Excellent tastes of Scottish foods, and the staff are very friendly.
Girl casino dealers can wear bikini tops....enough said. Our dealer was in training and even though we are 33 and 35 we were carded. That's fine I guess but the atmosphere is different and we lost money so not my favorite spot.
Although by far not the best, Fitzgerald's is quite adequate for tables.  The minimum hand is super cheap (some are $1) making it perfect for showing beginners the ropes.  It can even be profitable.  Last time there, my friend received $301 off of the $1 roulette table after playing only four rounds!
I use to think this was the hottest nightclub in Vegas but after checking out XS nightclub this place is awight. Don't get me wrong it's cool in all if you don't mind listening to mainstream music all night long :/ I actually celebrated my bday here a couple years back and had an awesome time.
The food is delicious, pastries and coffee. \nI definitely recommend trying the Thai iced tea. The employee are friendly and the environment is chill and peaceful.
Walked by on way to run and decided to grab breakfast instead. I ordered steak and eggs and it was awesome. Great cut of meat cooked exactly as I ordered.
The worse! Far to much $ for sub grade food! $40pp price fix tough cold pork bun..no crab crab salad ...pudding right out the carton...good service and vibe....drink then leave...
This hotel is a great value. The rooms are well maintained. The pool area carries a fun vibe and is 8 floors up so it has a view. Roxys restaurant and Tower Pizzeria are worth trying! Of course the Tower itself has some great views so while youre up there try Level 107 bar!!!
I had a Living Social voucher to use after wanting to try a dry salon. They are fairly new and small salon but Sam took great care of me. She listened and did a superb haircut and color.  She's great at styling too!
OMG! So good! The fish is so fresh that if the owner/chef doesn't think it's fresh enough, he comps the dish.  Happy hour prices all day.  Closed on Mondays.
I guess I was spoiled by the old International Lounge at PHL because this one blows, its so small, and crowded.  There was not even a place to sit down in here.  Won't be back
Yummy food! But can be a bit of a wait. I LOVE The mac and cheese!
An ok car wash.  I went here after getting a good groupon deal.  It's an automatic car wash, and frankly didn't clean DH's car all that well.  I'm glad I didn't pay full price for it.
Beware. Tried to place us and three other couples in a car with no tire tred.
worst service experience! I ever had  owner was rude and food was LATE cold pizza is no good
memorable food moment:\nbacon wrapped mochi on a stick, grilled to perfection\n\ntakoyaki - close to perfection
Most of my cigar-smoking life has been here and for good reason.
Don't go there if you want a pleasant experience with the staff.  A bunch iLife kids that could care less about customer satisfaction.
Carmen's came highly recommended, & now I will recommend them to EVERYONE!!! Fast, friendly, honest!!!
I tend to go here on the quiter nights Which is usually a Sunday. If you like wild partys with no room to move go on a Friday or a Saturday by all means. This palce sells brilaint pints with some of the best beers.
Good wings and a hell of a margarita surprisingly.
Most companies charge less than $75 for a diagnostic. Always shop around and get a 2nd opinion.
The food and service was amazing!  You will be hard to fine a better whiskey special downtown.  Will definitely be coming back here.
The last time I went here was 6 months ago. I went for breakfast this morning and regret doing so. I go here a lot just not usually for breakfast. I don't think  I will again. Bad food and even worse service! I still like the rib joint just won't try the cafe again!
Smokey and old, but very nostalgic. I have to say I prefer some of the other hotels on the strip.
The thought that went into the menu and cocktail offerings alone would rank this restaurant a five stars. But add an attentive and knowledgeable  staff and you have an unforgettable dining experience.
Fast and reliable WiFi, great coffee, comfortable chairs and tables.\n\nThis is my favorite coffee shop in the valley.\n\nLove it.
what a burger.. Clean joint and great service....
Great little \"Hole in the wall\".  Smiling faces, good service and good food.  Hope they like us, 'cause we'll be regulars ;)
I have been waiting years for five guys to come out west. Burgers full of flavor, non processed, hand pressed burgers make my tastebuds crave their tasty goodness endlessly.
This was the worset moo goo gai pan I've ever had
They have a decent selection of food items to choose. Service is pretty good too. The wine list looks extensive however my first two options were not available. I had the potato soup and I was impressed. I also got the sirloin and mashed potatoes and they were pretty good as well. I do think the items are overpriced.
Sort of competent staff. Mostly hollow-eyed and dull. And whatever you do speak up about your sandwich,  they make them like the ingredients are coming out of their wage.  Ask for extra napkins,  they give you 1 one .....always
My gay neighbor took me here for afternoon cocktails on a Sat. This place sucks! The bartender was unfriendly and the bloody mary had no alcohol. Wont return again. It also smells like cigarette smoke from before they banned smoking in the bars. Gross! better dive bars to be had
Pros - French toast, eggs, and bacon.\nCon: Waiting 35 min for French toast, eggs, and bacon.
I sincerely believe that PH has one of the best buffets on the strip. The selection is good and the price is reasonable. \n\nWe went for Sunday breakfast around 8am and it was not busy at all. Just walked right up to the cashier.
Cute little breaky / lunch place on Mill. Good food, vibe, and friendly staff. Pretty average lunch price wise and definitely worth checking out at least once. The dining room has a lot of tables, especially 2 tops designed for the lunch crowd. Plenty of space outside on their cool patio as well.
This is a well kept secret, serving size is awesome, flavors on point, great sweet tea.  This is spot of the flight crew,etc.  I discovered this space will with USAir.  You gotta go.
Good food and good service. What more can you ask for? We've been there for lunch and for dinner and have enjoyed the food both times. The Mexican pizza is very tasty. You won't be disappointed!!
The only thing you need to know: zucchini chips.\n\nThe second thing you need to know: chicken Greek pita (the marinade is out of this world).\n\nAnd the third thing you need to know: $2 draft local beers on Monday.
Possibly the best flat white I've had in Edinburgh. Unassuming wee cafe which is now open Sundays which is great news!
Horrible service. Bad food. Plenty of other buffet places to go to.
This store is great!  Well organized with a wonderful selection of clean and pressed clothing items.  Some of the items were even half off the day I was there.  I have been shopping at Kid to Kid, but Puddleduds is much more consistent with their quality and prices.   Great selection of used kids books also!  Highly recommend
By far the cleanest gas stations ever. No matter where you go, they're all clean, friendly, and even in the middle of the night the safest place to get gas. Too bad their drinks are the most expensive, almost 50 cents more than Circle K.
This is a great store to shop at with a very helpful sales team. I was visiting from Chicago when I stopped this wonderful store!  Everyone I worked with was great and very helpful with a smile.  Wish there was a store in Chicago!
I love this place as a small music venue but please invest in a better sound system.   4 or even 5 stars if the sound system was upgraded.
Horribly rude hostess staff. Plus they kept changing the wait time.  When we put our name in, it was 15 minutes.  We ended up waiting more than an hour.  They kept seating people ahead of us who had not been there as long.  Good food but definitely not worth the rude atmosphere.
This place is great!  It's a small, quiet salon with an awesome decor and atmosphere.  You have to know where it is located, as this is one of those hidden gems in the valley.  Nancy there has been my stylist for years now and she always does an amazing job!  I highly recommend this place!!!!!
Great food and friendly staff.  Excellent selection of pitas, and they aren't afraid to load up the toppings.  Very good value.
Really dig this place. The cornbread is addicting and the menu is diverse. Never had a problem here and the service is usually spot-on.\n\nRobert Pfeifer
Craving Thai food in North Phoenix and tried this place to go. Tried the red and peanut curries.. Extremely dissapointed in both. Very salty and the coconut flavor was sorely lacking. Next time we'll drive the extra few miles south for good Thai at Thai Basil.
great lighting in the lobby, casino, roooms are a little sparse on light.. windows /view, kinda small, but who goes to vegas for the view from your room.. the bathrooms are great, spacious... and the room rates were pretty unbelievable... cheap!  maybe it's the new economy..
Ok I'm kind of obsessed with this place! Their food is fresh & tasteful! The chicken shawarma is tender & moist!! Hummus is clearly freshly made everyday! Delish! Eat here!!  Bonus: staff is extremely nice!!
I love Gallagher's!  The staff is so friendly... the manager (Rob) always goes above and beyond to make sure we are having a great time! Its an awesome neighborhood bar! My friends and I look forward to trivia every Thursday... its our favorite night of the week!
Very disappointing. The steaks we had were either under done or over done. \n\nWe ended paying 70 bucks per steak. Not even worth 10 bucks. Outback steak house makes better steaks than this place.
A very cozy and quaint little restaurant with truly delicious sushi! The staff are always very kind and welcoming, and their prices are incredibly reasonable. Happy hour is everyday until 6:30. Best sushi in the valley!
I love coming here. The guys let me mix the flavors & actually add shots of vodka for no additional cost!! These guys are nice too. Its worth the prices. When visiting Vegas, come to this\"Evening Call\" location. My favorite...
I watched my 1 year old nephew have a fabulous experience here. They have a 1st Haircut package that includes a photo! He sat in a bumbo and the experience was positive. There's also a train table in the waiting area.
Good tacos! Cheap price
Bradley is just fantastic! Not only did he do an amazing job on my hair, but he's a good person and will keep you laughing. \nThe salon is easy to get to and they go the extra mile.
Always fresh and good. Usually fairly busy, but service is quick and friendly...
We had a great time here.  Between three of us, we shared two unlimited card and had a great time.  I forgot how much fun it is to shoot zombies.  Also, the drinks were REALLY reasonable for being on the strip.
The best waffle you will lever have.  Get the biscoff peanut butter stuff.  It's great.
Great for intimate shows and showcases, not the best concert venue though.  The noise level gets really bad with the reverb.
Was a loyal customer for years. They treat you like garbadge. Aside from Larry the management here is very unprofessional and nasty
Good service, big banana split desserts, and intriguing \"pancake puppies\".  To quote my husband, \"Pancake puppies are like if a churro and a pancake had sex and the pancake laid an egg, and that egg was like balut\".
As BBQ and southern cooking go this place is OK. For the price there are better places in town. Big portions and good flavor are overshadowed by the use of way to much salt and meat that was warm covered in hot BBQ sauce. Kool-aid on the menu is a nice touch.
We have been going to Olives for years. Nice spot to watch the fountains. Restaurant could use an update. We stopped in for drinks and an appetizer. Menu choices were ok.
Three appointments  with a wait over an hour each before seeing doctor one was one hour and 20 mins I walked out  didn't get a call afterwards or any kind of apology guess it biz as usually there no mas
What a wonderful time we had at this restaurant.  Friends of ours have been raving about this place and so we all went together last night to have wine and appetizers.  DELICIOUS!!!!  Wonderful service and great selection of items to choose from.  I would highly recommend this place.  We will be going back.
Not pricey at all, quality of food is above average while the service seldom sucks! Need more servers and apparently they are sometimes just too busy to take care of everyone.
It's more hype than anything. The way people chase this truck down is funny because the burgers are just a little bit over \"ok\". I'm assuming the people that are in love with these burgers typically eat McDonalds and Burger King most of their life.
Awesome burgers and dogs with a great secret sauce!!
We've always enjoyed the Mousehouse.  We don't visit as much since we don't drive that way anymore, but that's okay as their prices are a little higher than any of the cheese coops you can visit off the interstate.
The pad Thai here is not very good, however the soups are decent. The ambience is good though.
What a great find thanks to previous Yelpers. This is the best haircut I have had in a very long time.  Hot towel and neck/shoulder massage after my cut.  Wow you can't beat that. Well worth the couple of extra $. Wish I had a V\"s back home
Try margarita with friends:)\nThe winner margarita contest From Taste Of Cave Oct 15,2014
I had Tree Amigos come out to cut down a fairly large tree in the backyard.  They ground the stump down, cut away most of the visible roots and stacked the wood neatly in a corner for future use.  Price was also lowest out of all the companies I called.  Highly recommended.
I do not like their pizza, it was soggy, undercooked and really not good at all, oh and the salad was gross (how you mess that up is beyond me)\nI am a thin crust NY style pizza fan, and this was nothing like that, \nnot for me!
I hate to be so unkind but this food was barely even edible. Yuck. I'm not sure if this was just an off day for them or if folks giving it four stars have never had authentic Greek food.
BBQ chicken pizza was yummy.. can't go wrong with Mr. Pineapple... beers were only like 3.50 on happy hour.  Friendly staff, great service... nice atmosphere.
This was my favorite sushi spot until they got rid of their reverse happy hour and started closin down whenever they want.
Super cool place and we were sat almost immediately and accommodated with a new table.   Our drink and appetizer orders were quick.  Our meal of simple stuff took almost 40 minutes.  Once it arrived it was good although the Kobe meatball was very salty and it and the cheese ravioli were Luke warm.
This is the kid's choice.  They love to sit on the trolley.  Ok dinners.  Nice bread.  Get a scoop of ice cream to finish.  Alfredo is a bit dry.  Service is 5 stars.  Ken is great.
The view of the \"Lake\" was a nice treat. it was my first time at  a Raw food establishment. The waitress was very helpful with my questions and gave me some helpful hints on what to order. The kale salad and tropical smoothie were very filling and refreshing.
I can split the carne asada fries with 3 hungry friends and be stuffed.. for only $5. A good deal and tasty food. Glad something is actually open 24 hours around here. Also, try their churros.. really good! Also, plenty of places to sit.
I went late at night so they had things everywhere. Little overwhelming for me. But they had  I think it was 40% off sheets and pillow cases!! Plus I had a 20% off email!!
Like any other supermarket, clean and pricey.  Usually only stop by when there's a sale on something I'm looking for (steaks, ribeye, sandwich meat, chips).. Smith's would be cheaper most of the time.
Nothing wrong with the casino itself but drinks at the bar are EXPENSIVE.\nAnd the other patrons there are rude, they walk like zombies and run right into you.
I absolutely love this place. We have been coming here since it opened and the staff has always been so friendly and helpful. What makes it better is it's a family owned and operated local business. \nThings to try would be the fruit sandwich and of coarse the boba is delicious.
I could watch the fountains of Bellagio for hours. This is the most amazing thing in Las Vegas. Make sure you come by at night and remember that the songs are not always the same so it's o.k. to come back and enjoy it more than one time during your trip.
This place was fantastic! We had great service. The waiter was very helpful and friendly. He made great recommendations too. I had the lamb vindaloo and my husband had the chicken tiki masala. Both were very tasty. We will be returning soon.
Slow and not customer-focused service. Took 20 min to bring the salads (there were only 4 people on the floor at the time and we actually reserved our seats!).\nIf you are not too hungry they will charge you $3 to split the order :-(
Tropical smoothie is one of my go-to lunch options. Fast friendly service and I never feel bogged down by the food. \n\nKiwi Quencher is my favorite smoothie that they offer.
A halmark of delicious mexican food, if you haven't had it, you owe it to yourself to try try it!!
Interesting place inside. We had mimosas and breakfast before exploring the Science Center. No complaints.
Hey! Pts management your bartender is so slooooooooooooow and too busy smoking ciggies to serve her guests... Sucks because y'all have good beer, good food and I live right down the road.
I'm more or less writing this review for my husband. I found the atmosphere to be great and my meal was very delicious, however he ordered the chicken wings and was not happy. He found them to have no heat and no flavor and was overall disappointed. Perhaps wings just aren't their strong suite ....
Good Steak and atmosphere.  Plus the prices are good for a high end place.  The waiter we had was very good as well.  I would definitely come here again for a special event.
Been going here for 7 years and LOVE it. I wish Dr Kotian could be my primary care. She's awesome.
Last of a dieing breed, best old style fish and chips with a home made cocktail sause
Good experiences here! Keep up the good work, friendly staff, tasty food.. I'll be back. I like bringing people here who haven't been, it's a great place. Easy to get to and great to sit out and have a good meal while we talk for a while. Good drinks too!
Everything was amazing. The beat salad, spaghetti and the sea bass! Noe put our meal together for us and made us all very happy!  Wonderful dining experience!
Nice staff but the good was not good. I could get the same thing at grocery store.
Haven't been in several years, and I was really surprised to see how the menu has grown and improved. I'll probably be coming back a few more times to try out all the things I didn't order. Friendly staff, and food quality that you'd expect from a chain.
VW Beetle was listed as the vehicle available when I requested online. The vehicle received was a Kia Soul. From the first time openeing the door it smelled like chinese food. For 5 days.
Attentive staff. Room service was excellent but pricy. Lots to do to stay busy within the casino, which is now attached to the Aria Resort as well. Awesome pools!
Yummy yogurt and good atmosphere!
Seriously?  You're thinking of eating at Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas?  I only came here cause mom likes chains.  Blah.  Had to send my food back and lost my appetite.  Good service, but the food is gnarly.
Food was good, but experience was ruined by 1130 allowing people to smoke in non-smoking area on the patio near where we were eating. Service was also decent but since the smoke gave me a major migraine I won't be back.
They don't have vegan pizzas made, you have to order it special-- your only choice is a 20 inch pizza that feeds 3-4 people for $32+. When we went they were out of vegan cheese and the lady looked utterly confused when I even asked. Disappointed.
The car showroom is a waste of time and money.  Complete rip off and the owner is a jerk.  Do not go here!
Don't bother. Went for dinner and the place was almost empty but the hostess told us to wait in the bar it would be about 15 minute wait. What!! Decided it wasn't going to be worth the wait after still waiting 15 minutes. Went down a couple shops to an excellent dinner at the crowded, Yardhouse.
I visit this Subway several times a week. Staff are very friendly. Good customer service. Ingredients seem pretty consistently fresh. It's a standard Subway but differentiated by friendly staff and good service.
I USE to love this place But it's cash only now...so inconvenient that if I want Bahama bucks I drive further to go to one that accepts credit/debit....
i think they have closed down already!! i never see the open sign on or no one in..too bad. but they were a bit high, with in n out down the street. it was'nt gonna last.
The food is pretty good & the pricing is fair. The wait staff was pretty prompt.
So Fresh and so much fun!!  Food was awesome and it just kept coming and coming.  Had like a 7 course meal for like 19.00 and was amazing.  The pork ribs were to dye for.
Yummy gelato. A bit overpriced. And the servings could definitely be bigger. But overall \"Cool\" place for gelato.
Stopped by with the wife on Friday,and PaPow.Very clean inside and the freshness of the food was incredible.Forget Rubios folks,this place rocks.
The noodles were not Japanese.\nThe broth did not have authentic Japanese flovor.\nI got overcharged and the cashier did not give a receipt.
dnsjdhcdn
I always take friends here from out of town.  Love this place!
Beautiful outdoor seating! had brunch on Sunday and they had live acoustic music!\n\nAwesome setting, awesome food and drinks!
overrated. okay fare. not exceptional or outstanding. \nnot bad either. there was some hype with which i went there and was kinda let down by the food we ate there.
Worse thai food i had in a while. Tasted very watery. No flavor at all had a curry. Was pretty much coconut water with very little veggies and almost no taste.
with the recent salmonella outbreak i don't know if i will ever go back ... i didn't find the little bit of food i did try to be very good anyhow... sorry just not a big fan ... their mojitos aren't bad
They have a different soup every day which are always fantastic. There salads are incredible. Service feels like family. Our go to lunch spot for work lunches!
Marc Simon immediately grasped a very complicated situation and ran with it. He was easy to talk to and provided practical advice above and beyond the legal issues.
Every place I looked it said they'd be open, drove half hr out here to eat and they're closed. Poor advertising.
Awesome atmosphere and great place to eat outside when weather is good. Very cool downtown location and great food. The crepes and pizza are awesome. Good service and pricing is affordable.
Great food, good prices, friendly service, nice Thai decor.
Went in here on a Sunday afternoon and left satisfied. The staff were friendly and quick to attend to your needs. Got to purchase several clothing for this fall and a purple yoga mat which made me very happy. I'd just wish they also give discounts every weekends :)
We should have read the reviews first!!  We ordered online for a 5:30 delivery... Our food was delivered at 4:30.  If we had wanted it at 4:30 we would have said so.  The food was tasteless and soggy.  We will never go back.  There are too many good restaurants out there.
Sushi was average & choices extremely limited. Drinks watered down. Atmosphere and decor are tops
Made a mistake; no review
Extremely small portions and horrible customer service. All of the employees seemed to be having their own conversations among themselves and really didn't seem to want to help anyone.
Grabbing a quick bite for lunch and the coworkers wanted to head here.  The place was very clean and the wait was minimal.  Our food was served hot, fresh, and quick.  We had a nice relaxing lunch and enjoyed our food.
Another great Pittsburgh venue. \nLots of great appetizers and dinner items, as well as great take-out. \n\nProTip: try the Bangkok Tea! ;)
Stopped in here for a couple burger sliders as Maestro's was too full for our party of three.  Good little spot. Beers came quickly.  Food came quickly and it was good. If other spots are packed, give this spot a try for quality food and a sports bar atmosphere.
There are definitely better places to go to in Old Town. Overall Martini Ranch is usually pretty slow and charge a cover to get into an empty place. Last time I went there my friend and I got our cover back because it was so dead. They do have good martinis though.
You can't go to the 'burgh without getting one of these, legendary for clogging arteries and late night tv appearances. Veggies don't fear, they can satisfy you as well. Very fun spot.
i like this place, but i won't rate it highly until the accept credit/debit.  it's 2010 folks, no one carries cash anymore.  don't inconvenience me and make me have to run to an ATM just to give you money.
Great food - Their signature burger is my favorite.\nI know people have said it's a little noisy in there, but give it a chance.\nWe know the owners and like them both.
My friend and I went here after we couldn't get through the mob at Tao. Beautiful place - 1st floor bar & outdoor patio, 2nd floor overlooks the 1st floor, and the 3rd level is the dance floor.
It was a well-priced happy hour for an upscale place, but I found the offerings to be quite limited. Burger was just okay, salt & pepper shrimp was accompanied by green bean fries, but they were all covered in the same soggy batter.
Cleanest establishment. So many drinks to choose from! Good gas, list goes on & on....
This is the worst gas station ever. It took them 45 minutes to even touch my car at the car wash. They were 10 cars and two people working. This was a special time of the day. I have been here several times and it takes over an hour and 15 minutes sometimes an hour and a half!
This place is pretty legit. Very deceiving from the outside, but quality overall. The reason I didn't rate a 5 star place is because when I bit into the delicious carne asada burrito, there were a few tiny charred pieces mixed in there that I didn't like.
Ok I knw dunkin is cheap but they are horrible too. My food is always gross and the ppl who work drive thru are rude.
Those damn dates wrapped in bacon....the overpriced empanadas I still can't enough of....the pitchers of mojitos where the 3rd one manages to taste better than the 1st.  I really enjoy this place.  Great for groups and I like the food goddamit!
went to there with my friend.\nFood was great. Price is reasonable.\nStaff is really kind. Great service.\n\nWill come back for sure.
Very good food and a nice atmosphere.  Its in a quiter part of old montreal where we saw lots of locals enjoying dinner too.  Much better then the tourist trapa restaurants in the heart of Old Montreal.
Fantastic Thanksgiving day buffet, lovely staff, great food, gorgeous setting. Very thankful for all those who worked today, and for the attention to detail. Thank you!!!
Ambiance was nice. Steak (pecan sirloin) was tasty. Waitresses were friendly. However was not overly impressed with restaurant. It was indistinguishable from other steakhouses.
This is the worst place to eat. All of the food was nasty. Never, ever, ever, again!!!
Whoever invented ice cream was a genius! This place is great. Lots to choose from or make your own. The \"sundaes\" taste great. After being closed for a year, it is good to see them back. Good, friendly customer service and a clean store.
Just decent steaks. Not great or tasty. Went there a couple times with groups of 10+ and the majority of these steak-loving Chicago boys thought this place was just \"okay.\"
Great service. Very friendly and helpful workers. They got my requests correct and very knowledgeable when I asked questions. My new location.
I never have a chance to try the food because my work schedule is not allowed. I ordered the hot drink to go before however I felt like this place is more like a sit down place to enjoy breakfast, than taking to-go.\n\nDefinitely will try breakfast some day.
For the money you pay it's really a well thought out restaurant.  You pay from $1-$2 per plate, and each one has two to four pieces of delicious nigiri and sushi!  Thanks for the conveyor belt of love Teharu!
Poor service and so so food.  Choose another eatery.\n\nDrinks were slow to arrive.  Meals arrived hot but overly salty. 2 of 3 meals were awful however mine was very good - not a great ratio.
The burgers and fries are good if you have an addiction to grease and salt. Also they are very expensive. When they first open and people got to experience five guys business continues to fall.
Was staying at the comfort inn next to Perkins and the clerk told me they gave 10% off for guests. I figure I'd get a late night burger and I wasn't disappointed. I called and ordered. It was coming off the grill in the time it took me to walk over. Burger was good and staff was friendly.
Consistently poor customer service every single time I am here. Starbucks CEO offering a free cup of coffee for all those that pay it forward to someone else during the government shutdown... \"Nope, we're not doing that here.\" Nice. Where's a Dutch Bros when you need it?
The saving grace for this resturant is they had the best beer special. Other than that my husband and I ordered a salad and mac and cheese and both were barley  edible. Truly wish we hadn't wasted our money here.
Absolutely amazing Thai food. I don't normally like Thai food, but this was awesome!
Disgusting! Absolutely Filthy!! Animals freely walking around the store while others are caged up. They had a cat they used as a breeder free in one cage while having her babies locked up selling for 150.00 in another! If I could give this place negative stars I would!
We weren't really impressed. The service was fine, but the pizza wasn't very good. We got the Margharita and the basil was all wilty and dry. We probably won't go back even though we live within walking distance as there are better pizza places in town.
I love their pork belly bowl and their chashu bans are delish! The service is always nice, I love this place. 5 out of 5
This is a top notch dental office.  The staff is great and all of the equipment is the newest technology available.  Flat screens on the ceiling above every chair make grueling dental work seem like a breeze.  I would highly recommend this place!
Not a fan of Panda Express. I just don't like processed food. You can have fast food that's fresh, think Chipotle. Panda Express beats out a hamburger joint on a health scale, but it's not much better.
Best Italian hoagies you can get
Came here on a Monday at 7:30 pm and it was closed. It was supposed to be open until 9 pm. Yes, there is construction but it is unacceptable to close early without some notification. Just lost 2 customers...will NEVER come back.
My wife loves this place. Anna is great!
Like Ray's in NYC, if you are in a hurry you can grab a quick slice that gets reheated.  \nI like to order the whole pie.  The monster comes with a ton of toppings and is one mess of a pizza.  Love it.
I have been going here when my tires end up wearing out...they will give you the best pricing I definitely dont feel I get taken advantage of here like other places will try to do...they have awesome customer service...I scheduled an appoinment online yesterday and today got in right away! Very convenient!
I could not find a coffee bar one morning and stumbled upon this place. It was crowded but the line moved fast. They have so many selections of munchies, teas and coffee. I was very pleased with it! Regular priced for Vegas
I get this pizza all the time the flavor is one of a kind and the flavored crust just makes it that much better! A must try you won't be disappointed!
This Mcdonalds has drastically improved since they put in the new drive-thru system.  I used to have to pull around front everyday and wait extra time for food or coffee.\nThe only real issue I have is that their specialty coffee is never consistent.  It tastes different everytime!
Red chili burritooooooos. Delicious. However, this one takes forever to complete your order. It's happened more than once.
Awful and way over priced.  Food seemed pre-prepared and was flavorless.  Was very disappointed with experience and will never go back.
Worst service I've ever had. Waited for 20 minutes while the only guy working stared at me and wouldnt help me with my questions. Highly unprofessional, he didn't even address my presence or greet me. My advice, go to the pearle vision downstairs I had way better luck with them
Was perhaps expecting more of this place.\nFact is that menu was limited and were serving brunch menu still at 3:00 PM.\nPricey as well for plate servings.
The burger I had there was tasteless and had a weird texture. The fries were decent and their signature Rootbeer was delicious, but I've definitely had better elsewhere.\n\nIn all fairness, I did not try their frozen selection, so I will definitely come back to give them another try.
We got married in April and made our way to Sage for dinner. What a great experience! Top notch food, fantastic service and a great atmosphere. Please go to Sage, and tell everyone you know about it. We live in the Midwest, and have already made recommendations to everyone we know!
Everything was perfect!  Food cooked to perfection.  Fine dinning at it's best.
Best Bar in town ,  best crew every thing about this place is nice , I highly recommend this place for every one
I am truly impressed with this resort. All suites here & the grounds are awesome.  The staff greet you with a smile and are more than willing to attend to you. Worth every dime!
Tasty pizza just a few steps from the house.  Can't ask for anything more.  We got a supreme, and it was.  Satisfying and nice people running the joint.  Stop in sometime!
I love it!!! Delisc!!!!
Friendly people... Great service... Sandwich a bit dry but still awesome ... Thanks guys!!!
My rating is solely based on the service. I ordered food to eat-in but it took close to an hour to be prepared, so I changed it to take-out. Haven't tried the food yet.
One star is being generous.  For a restaurant operating at an airport, to wait 45 minutes for a salad is unacceptable.  Not only that, we asked for margaritas with no salt and got salt.  So yourself a favor an stay away.
Not a fan. I went into this coffee shop for a simple cup of coffee. I've had better coffee brewed at a convenience store. \n\nI saw an advertisement for all you can eat waffles, that could be this establishments saving grace.
Best sausage pizza in the area.  They slice flavorful sausage and do not dump on the sad deer turds that the other guys use. Super friendly staff.  Everyone here has always been really nice to me.  I live near 75th and Cactus and there are four pizza place right by my house but will always drive here.
Ok, so I did go back and I found the store friendlier.  I only needed some hair cream gel.  I think the Colonade Mall store is larger, but parking is better at the Pavillions location.
By far my favorite boba spot in the Valley! At this point, I have yet to make my way off of their milk smoothies menu, mostly because they're so damn good that I can't really imagine ordering anything else.
This place was a waste of time and money. There subs was way below avg.
Bad wait staff with bad attitudes. They'd rather stand in the back with their manager and talk than help their customers. I won't be back and it's a shame because I like the wings.\n\nMaybe a change in Management is in order, You should be on the floor and not hiding in the back.
I love this place and the quality of work they do for jewelry repair.\nI have taken several silver/rose gold/quartz pieces to be repaired and they always come back perfect!\nThe staff is charming, and the pieces they create are exquisite!
Tried to go but stood at the counter and waited for someone to take my order.  After waiting a couple if minutes, and no service, I ended up leaving and went across the street.
Its A great Value  the portions are big and really good  my favorite so far is  Quesadilla Mexicaly with chicken and spinach and the burrito San Luis \n\nof course the table side guacamole is the best I ever had \nIm so coming back to check out the premium Margaritas
This place is really cute. Love the options of seating from tables, booths and chairs. We got lattees and a carrot cake. The carrot cake was perfect and loved the frosting and love that if you don't take out they put the coffees in cute white saucer cups. Everyone is super friendly there too.
Had two deliveries whilst on business travel- and they didn't add forks or napkins in each time- food was decent and soup was great!
It's an OK place..\nThe buffet wasn't all that great\nThe steak place across from the buffet is delicious.\nOur room had a two inch space under the entrance door where we could hear all the noise in the hallway.
My girlfriend put it best, \"We should've went to Taco Bell. Of course Citizen Public House is better quality than Taco Bell... But not by much. And it's 10% the price.\"
I would agree with most people that this place is pricey but David Johnson the wine and beer guy is very knowledgeable and the staff is friendly. Ask David and he can steer you into some great values on the liquor. They also have very affordable events and carry Arizona wine now-Yeah!
Don't waste your time staying here if you are a business traveler. The Internet is awful and they don't support iPhone or iPad \n\nSo many better options around
Just finished a meal here,  almost 10 PM.  Long wait for the food after ordering,  both dishes were very bland (ordered stewed ox over rice,  which was actually stewed offal over rice,  and house chow mein. )  my advice,  don't eat here.
I'm glad this place opened, because decent Taiwanese food is scarce, and this place had good Taiwanese food comparing to the other places in town.
This is in an industrial park behind a home depot. This place is pretty Large, they have a lot of seats. Breakfast is pretty good and lunch is Better. Food is \"Gourmet Denny's\" its pretty good but basic. Also Cheap and good service
Read the reviews.... still went. Sigh.... incompetent waitress. Wings were good... that's it.Sorry, why have a service like yelp if you don't heed to the reviews. I will next time. RUN AWAY!
Ordered the pie for delivery. The delivery was 45 mins late & the pie tasted and felt like it was made 2 days ago.. complete let-down
Came for a conference and had breakfast here everyday! Great cappuccinos, scones and bagels. The yogurt and fruit was good too - just plain, thick yogurt - which is what I prefer. \nFree wifi too.
Hip place!
This restaurant is living off it's laurels not it's good food.  We were very disappointed several times and will not go back.  Service is okay but the food was awful.
A fantastic show. The emcee was great and the show entertaining and risqu\u00e9 and everything you could want in a burlesque show. The girls were excellent, the ballet segment lovely, the men great and Mikey a perfect touch. I would happily go back the next time we are in town.
Exceptional breakfast with meals that are not all greasy and oily like other breakfast places. Fresh, local ingredients. Matt's is also very reasonably priced. Friendly staff that followed up often to keep my coffee fresh. If u are in town try to go during the weekday mornings so u don't have to wait in line.
Awesome salad bar but mediocre service.  Had to ask twice for iced tea refills.  Perhaps the waiter didn't expect much of a tip since we got the salad bar....  he should have stepped up, I'm from CA & I tip well deserved servers.
I took my niece here for a pretty bad experience. The play was dingy and the service was slow with overpriced sugary goodies. Too touristy and too gimmicky. \nWill not waste time here again.
Delicious food. Great service. Interior not the best but they could of made it better by having Cuban music on or something.
Bought a groupon for cut and style and went to Sonia.. I took a leap of faith and went from shoulder length long layers to a Bob with layers.  Sonia did an awesome job, she took her time and made sure my oh so curly hair laid right on my head with this new do.  Sonia is my new stylist...
I called them up. They quoted me a fair price. They did the work. No problem.
Came here always every morning while i was staying at the Golden Nugget\n\nFriendly service, cheap, lot's of food and tasty. \n\nCan't ask for more really.
I went to this cleaner for convenience. What a mistake it was. They absolutely destroyed my favorite dress. It went in perfectly fine and came out pink! The woman told me it was not her problem and that they weren't a magic shop! Absolutely terrible service. I have had the dress cleaned before with absolutely no problem. Use at your own risk.
meeehhhhhh!!!!!!! Very average at best, much betta options out there.
munchies is very good . but a bit pricy . \n\n\nthe owner is great and really funny nice guy . \n\n\ngo support the munchies.
happy hour friday 4:30-8 can be a full crowd with no parking, park at carrington college! The free buffet at the q lounge is amazing prime rib, shrimp, tacos, nachos so good and bbq chicken will be going back friday with some friends!
The food was amazing and the service was very quick.   The many different plates makes it a one stop shop to fill you up for sure,
Not a fan, will update later, but I definitely felt that this needed to be put up ASAP!!
Not a fan. Dirty and so busy and if you ever fly out on a sunday give yourself a min of 2 hours to get to your flight.
It's bad I can't leave zero star, in few words since I'm still sitting here, overpriced and bad food, no mention the chicken was most disgusting think I tried in my life, never again! Believe the good fakes review and be so disappointed like me right now...
This park is ok. Came here for a friends kid bmx race. The bmx part is very cool, the park overall is poorly maintained
It's across the street from my house. I love it. I take my daughter there with me, she loves seeing all the dogs. :) Great spot.
The employees were awesome, i got amazing service from everyone that passed my table, but there gravy was shit!
Not cheap, not healthy, but nothing better.  In this crazy world of cupcakes on every corner, Tammie Coe does it right.  Simply put- right combination of cake and icing.  Love them.  Don't ask/worry about the price, just order and em.
I bought a discount certificate from Local Dines and made the mistake of not looking at the hours.  We went to have dinner and they do not serve dinner, but close at 3pm.\nJust wanted everyone to be aware of this.  We were disappointed but it was our mistake.
This company continues to make unsolicited calls to companies.  They never leave a message, just hang up.  Regardless of how many times you ask them to stop calling, the calls continue.   Absolutely horrible company!
We always go here when we are in Vegas. It's not real French food, but its kinda close.
Solid deals on some great Veggies and Fruit. Get there early for prime selection. This place can get busy. .79 cents for Kale???!? Crazy prices like that. 8 Bell Peppers for $1
Amazing atmosphere, amazing food, amazing service. The food was inspiring and delicious, the service impeccable, a highlight of my vegas trip!
This place is my new favorite restaurant. The food was excellent, great service and very pretty inside. The kabobs and rice are the bomb. Please try it out, you will not be disappointed.
I loved the show!
I really enjoy the Scottsdale Library system!  \n\nThis location is easy to get to and the staff have been very helpful in finding and holding books for me at other locations.  I'm in here several times each week and they are the best!
Average. Service is slow inside.  You have to flag someone down if you sit at a table.  Food was so so, price is high for what you get.
My yoga has improved greatly since taking classes at Inner Vision. wide range of classes, something for everyone.
Good value Chinese food. Baoding is much higher quality but the price point and convenience is hard to beat at Lotus II.
This one is hidden. So the lines tend to be small.  In and out, works for me. Some of the other locations can be crazy.  Always homeless people hanging around this place.  The one guy I have been seeing for 12 years + living on the streets.  What a shame.  He might need some meds.
Perfectly ok restaurant in the breakfast-specialty mode. My kid has tried several of the soups--they look really good and truly home made. Can't miss taking the old folks there. They will love the endless cups of coffee and great service. Nice people.
Now you serve liquor? Are you a bunch of uneducated people ? It's a water park with kids, for kids , you need drunks in there? Really? I'm done you lost me as a customer for sure! Along with my wife and 2 kids! Kiss my white swim trunks!
Meat has decreased in quality over last couple of years. Lukes, step up your game.
Not impressed, loud atmosphere, bland overpriced sandwiches. 10 employees behind the counter and no clean tables. How many people does it take to make a sandwich? More like the employees are just here to hang out with each other than work.
Ok so yea TI is no Wynn or encore but if your looking for a decent clean room with a excellent location? Then TI is the place for you! Definitely one of the best times I've had in Vegas!
coffee is good. I miss Bentley's where  you don't feel like your spending a small fortune for a coffee. I had a sugar free vanilla latte that was good. bf had a nutella latte he said was good too. but for 2 med coffees we left there spending 10$ more expensive than Starbucks.
Good wine specials on Mondays.  I enjoyed the pasta.  Good variety.  Service a bit slow.  Good for a date night or an afternoon with friends.
Great place to eat in for pizza. The Maui Zaui pizza was really good. Italian garlic supreme was delicious too. Service was fast and friendly.  Would come back again.
05/07/11 DUNCH. \n\nThat ahi & kim chee taco was BRILLIANT. Was that ahi RAW? Man, it was SO beautiful.
If I could give 1/2 more star I would. Eating here, awesome, selection, also awesome, cool animal displays, the prices are a bit high....
So apparently the owners of this place are the ones that opened District One on Jones. \n\nI. Just. Don't. Get. How. \n\nThe Pho here is gross. It just tastes like MSG.
I'm not surprised this subway only has 1 star! The staff is rude, unpleasant and just a bad experience. \nI will go out of my way next time to a different subway just to avoid this one.
I love love love this place. Some of the best sushi in Vegas. I love the tepura roll.
Good show but really loud..they give the audience pots &pans to bang on as well so you might not want to be hung over when you attend. However, the show is really entertaining, interactive, and worth the price
YUM milk tea with boba.\nBut the end result is 'this stuff is weird.'  Guess I've decided I don't like the BOBA balls in the drink.  But the drink itself is alright and I really don't have anything else to compare it to so I'll set this as the standard.
This is a nice, upscale shopping complex.  There's a decent variety of stores an restaurants.  However, the availability for parking leaves room for improvement.
I can't agree more with what most people are saying. This VW dealer is trying to fraud you every chance they can. Adding etch and other random things to your sales price then saying its the law. I will never buy a car from Any Chapman dealer.
Giving a 20% discount on any nail procedure..Had a pedicure today and paid Full price NO discount. I was so mad because I asked last week when I stopped in if it included pedi's I was told yes. Lost my business. I've been going there for 8 years.
We tried Valle Luna because we had a Restaurant.com certificate and were severely disappointed in the quality of the food, the service (waiter kept messing up our totals at the end), the ambience. We do not intend to ever go back. Sorry.
Great place for a lazy Saturday morning coffee date. Things that are awesome here: coffee, sandwiches, pastries, and praline bacon. They have a wide variety of wines and beers that are more affordable than you would expect. Service is a little slow, so not somewhere to hit up if you're pressed for time.
It was ok. Not the best in the world but not bad. No complaints but nothing exciting.
It's cheap and gets the job done. Honestly if you want better pasta make it yourself, it really might be better.
Wonderful service!  Timely and all around great guy:)  I will refer him every chance I get!!!
Beautiful new Thai restaurant. Great atmosphere, excellent service and absolutely delicious food.  The 2 course lunch special is a great deal.  I will definitely put Gaati on my short list of favorite restaurants!  Plus the owners ROCK =))
Good for very modern furniture. Quality looks excellent. Found a complete lack of help from sales floor.
This location opened at Chandler mall so I thought that I'd go in to treat myself to some bath products. Got the sex bomb & rose queen bath bomb. Both were okay but I don't see myself going in to keep getting to get more products.
Horrible service took well over an hour to get our food. Waitress was rude from the minute we sat down
Order the coconut soup, pink elephant role.  Pretty much all good and all expense.
All you can eat crab legs Tuesday night.....loved it.\nArrived around 5, not crowded by any means.\nGreat waiter, had no problem bring us plate after plate.\nWe'll be going again!
depends on what terminal you're in. we were in one of the tiny terminals, so there's not much to do while waiting on your flight. \n\ncan't complain too much though...anytime we're on a flight means vacation and that's ALWAYS happy times!
Amazing food and great service!! The food was fresh and very tasty. We will definitely be back to this fantastic restaurant. Such a hidden gem! Support the locally owned restaurants :)
Why the Hell did you refuse to seat our party of three just now and say \"Oh uh yeah um we're full!\" when there were three open tables right plain as day right before our eyes?!? Who told you this was a good business practice?
Wonderful! Great happy hour specials. Table side guacamole, street tacos and shrimp flat bread was fantastic! Dinner: if Chilean sea bass is on the menu, order it! Delish. Service was excellent
Worst service I've had in years. Our waitress disappeared for 30 minutes while our food got cold waiting for her to serve it. Then she had the nerve to add the 18% tip because we were a party of 7. Even though we were staying at the hotel and it is convenient, we will definitely not be going back.
First off we got an incredible deal for our stay although it wasn't cheap. \n\nPerfect service. All the best restaurants are here and the casino is one of the best. \n\nLoved the marble bathroom. \n\nGorgeous waterfall display.
While in Phoenix for a little time in the sun, we checked out Eden's Grill.  What a great find.  We sampled a little of everything and everything was fantastic.  The family was a little apprehensive walking in the door, but walked out extremely happy with our choice for the evening.  Definitely a restaurant worth checking out.
Haven't ever tried any of their spa services but I think the beauty products are kinda just over-priced crap in pretty bottles. But thats just me....
I came here a few times on business lunches. This place is beautiful and has a huge patio that I can see be filled up with local patrons at night. Their food is good but not fantastic for the price.\n\nI will have to see how the nightlife here is.
Everything great, from the coffee, orange juice and the eggs simply amazing.\n\nVery beautiful and Cousy. You feel like in Paris.
Beware of 'convention' pricing where everything on menu is 20% higher during major trade shows.
very friendly but the really need to do better hygiene .
Delicious food. I tried the drunken noodle and for dessert, the coconut ice cream. However, the service was slow and they didn't even tell us the salad and soup was self serve. They took forever to bring us our straws and chopsticks. But the food was amazing!
3.5 stars is generous for this place if you are looking for a way over priced trendy place with mediocre food? Then this is the place for you.
Great Thai Food and Cheap. My only complaint is that they have weird hours and their parking lot is a bit sketch at night.
My favorite show on television. I always visit the store if im in town to see what fun and interesting items they have.
First Friday is one of the main reasons I recently moved downtown.  I love the crowd, the live music, the street vendors and of course the art.\n\nI saw a band called The Heathers, while it was all covers they actually gave me chills.
Good place to go. It's an exact replica of Banner Gateway hospital, so if you know your way around there, you know how to get around here, or vice versa.
Bratwurst was the best I ever had. Fast, tasty, clean and CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP. Cant believe their prices ON THE STRIP.
Me and my Business partner had dinner there last night. Ordered the Chief special with Kobe Ribeye and My partner ordered the Filet. Both were good. Nothing to rave over thou. I would expect better quality for the price and would probably choose a different steak house next time.
First time at a McCormick. Not impressed at all. \nTotally blah.. \nHad the halibut and I think it was as memorable as a piece of toast...
There are a select few nail techs that do a  good job here. The rest are mediocre at best. Have left not satisfied  the past few times so I won't be back due to inconsistency.
A good attraction to visit if you got kids and you got time to kill.\nThe main attraction are of course the sharks,personally I like the jelly fishes and the komodo dragon.\nIts a self paced tour. Can be educational and entertaining at the same time.
Such a shame. Terrific location, supported by the community and just awful. Filthy, bad seats, more expensive than others. Choose to go elsewhere.
Joni is the best hair stylist and color specialist I've ever had. She listens to her clients' wishes and offers great suggestions. I get tons of compliments on my hair since Joni started doing it.
Memory Lane did both my daughters Save The Date video and her wedding. They are cutting edge in everything they do. Everyone should have professional video of their wedding done and Memory Lane is one of the best companies in the wedding industry throughout Vegas and the US.
it is a great local place to eat. exceptional food, fair in price, great presentation, friendly, professional servers,  they always take the time to check  how your experience is during your visit. A MUST TRY
Conveniently located extremely close  to the salon I work at. \nThe management is so lovely and attentive.\nAnd the food is on the same level as the amazing customer service. \nWe recommend all our guests to try out DW as we know they will not be let down!
Nice bar. However, just a little spooky to suddenly realize strangers can see you through a two way mirror, but it goes with the speakeasy theme.
Stopped in for just a beer and ended up staying hours. Leanne, our bartender, was friendly and funny! Great conversation with the bar crowd and really cool Canadiens hockey decor throughout the bar. Loved this place!
The food here is the best by far but I just can't recommend it because the restaurant is so dirty. The bathrooms are disgusting. The floors throughout are sticky. I just don't know how often I want to keep coming here to eat because I can't help wonder how disgustingly dirty the kitchen might be.
It is 6:45. Half the people in here have kids. Club music is playing and the last song detailed a sexual encounter, even using \"shit\" and \"fuck\". It is super awkward. They even have a children's section on their menu.
Bad place for breakfast the bill was pricy and the food was ok but not the greatest!
Overhyped. Not a fan.
This is so bad. Our waiter took a good 10 minutes to wait on us and another 15 minutes to serve the food. It arrived cold. He finally redid our endless fries after the meal was done. He was the bar tender too.\nHis name is Rocky.
Honestly one of the worst values for the money. I understand paying more for some different experience, but this place offers very little for too much.... Simply AVOID
Great Fajitas! We had the combo for two, shrimp and chicken. Food came out fast, and service was awesome! We will definitely be back again!
When I am home sick for Chicago food this is my go-to! The Hot dogs and Beef are the best I have found in the valley. I would have given them 5 stars but they seem to have training issues.
Poor service.... We sat down and ordered within minutes.  About 30 minutes later, we inquired about our food, and the wait staff at the bar said the order was never entered.  Because we were under a time constraint, we decided to leave.  No offer was made to entice us to stay, and right their wrong.
This place is an oasis in the middle of nowhere.   It has a little bit of everything, but must try waffles.
Chicken in the Satay and the Curry was overcooked and hard...servers were rude.  Average at best.
Yummy food, felt like a chain. Staff were very polite but definitely just another numbered customer. Would recommend the burrito. Very delicious.
Great food! The curry is awesome! So is the Pad Thai and beef salad!!!! Really reasonably priced!
Ordered Lamb Curry with  8/10 Spicy to go. waited a good 10-15 mins as what to be expected for lamb curry made from scratch. The taste? top notch very flavorful thick curry with chunks of meat. Def will come again for the Indian food craving.
Was here today the food the service was great left feeling full and complete a lot of bang for your buck
Well, I have to say, the remodel inside has cured the problem with the gnats around the soda counter. Food is always great! Service is unmatched. I'm a fan!
First time since they changed from Callaway.  They aren't as friendly as old employees. I was a little confused from new set up and took them a bit for them to help. Still my favorite location to hit some balls after a long day.
We went here tonight and we didn't have to wait. There was a lot to choose from but unfortunately not one thing I ate was any good. I wouldn't  go again.
Shades - Check\nBikini - Check\nHair gel and make up - Check\nBaby Oil - Check\nSteroids - Check\n\nIf you enjoy MTV spring breaks, this place is for you.   For me, I'll pass!
Friendly staff. Small dining area. I am not a fan of their bread. Too soft and squishy. Wanted whole-wheat but they were out. Nice amount of filling just don't like the bread.
Amazing.  Fantastic.  Worth the drive - everything is and tastes fresh - and the flavors are inventive.  Best place to eat ice cream in the valley - hands down - no competition!!!!
BOOOOOMB. love bagels. For sure best bagels ever. I love all the different types of cream cheese and the service is always really fast! Also super cheap!
Bad service, mediocre food but a great view.
A great favorite of ours. Service is constantly friendly. Food is of excellent quality and portions are huge. They also accept Restaurant.com gift certificates. I highly recommend Golden Gate Chinese Restaurant. After moving from NYC two years ago, this has become our favorite Chinese restaurant in the Phoenix market!
Decent food, friendly service, they were weekend slammed when we arrived, but once we got our order in the food came very quickly. \n\nNoting really on the menu for vegetarians outside of breakfast though.
This place is the best. I am here right now - beers (Yuengling included) and tacos are both $0.99. The tacos are legit - full size hard shell beef tacos with lettuce, tomatoes and cheese. Come check it out. Thursdays. I heard Tuesdays too.
D.O.C.G. is just ok. The ambiance was nice, but the food was a bit disappointing. Our appetizers were bland and fell short of our expectations. The pasta dishes were good but didn't blow us away. It's a nice restaurant but I've had better at cheaper places.
Absolutely a must go if your in Vegas and craving some all you can eat sushi and seafood. The food is good, pricing is reasonable. I don't see why people say its expensive is the same price as any other buffet. Definitely recommend this place
Great locally-owned, family run restaurant. Used to go here back in undergrad, returned back a week ago for lunch.. still the same great food. GET THE LUNCH SPECIAL! What a deal!!
Finally checked this place out today. Got takeout. Had the TNT And the cowboy burger. The tnt burger was insanely delicious. The sauces were solid, and i appreciate that for takeout they were put on the side. Definitely going back to dine in next time.
Wow, this place is amazing. I wish we had one in Maryland. Get the 5 street tacos and sample all the spicy meats, requires all toppings they provide. It's one spicy goodness, pain, my tongue feels so good!  Also love the design of this place.
The atmosphere is great, the food and wine were very good, and we got a great server as well! Was able to make an online reservation through Open Table for five people 30 minutes ahead of time on a Friday evening, which was awesome.
Nice place to chic chat with friends having a cold beer or a glass of wine. The fish taco's are good. Made with Ono (wahoo). Had the Maui onions Very taste. I will return.
Two words...Hot Vanilla.  We get this every time we are in the area and it is amazing.  I can't really comment on the rest of the menu but i am sure that it is fantastic.
The atmosphere was fun. Our chef was very nice and entertaining. The filet was excellent.  Their salad dressing is a little harsh for my taste.  Over all it was a great time. I will definitely go back.
dont deliver then don't offer it ... thats all i have to say
Wow.  What a bunch of stoners.
The food was delicious, but the service was not that great. No one checked on us once between the time we received our food to the time we were ready for the check.
Honestly came here only to prove that the husband and I could make it in and out without being stabbed...  We did.  There were 3 cops and 3 sherrifs deputies outside due to the stabbings that have occurred recently.  This place isn't my scene, but we were curious so we stopped by.
You can not go wrong here.
They're pretty pricey with their menu.
Great diner-style breakfast place. Clean. Well-cooked eggs. Fluffy pancakes. Service is attentive and super-friendly. Will be my go-to spot when I'm in Vegas.
Great beer.  Average food.  I don't go there if I don't want a beer.
My shopping experience was good, the staff were helpful and knowledgable about the wigs and care of them. The wig selection was good and I found what I needed, so I'm happy. The store was clean, open, and I felt as if I could shop in peace. I would shop here again.
I have used Lauren several over the past couple of years.  She is a true professional and a genuine pleasure to work with.  She listens to what you want and does a beautiful job to accommodate your needs.  I highly recommend her, as she is a personal favorite MUA of mine!
Really disappointing. Fairly basic science exhibits primarily targeting to little children (more emphasis on LITTLE kids). I've been to the one in Boston and this Science Center was unfortunately not up to par. I prefer strolling along the harbor rather than wasting my time here.
I stopped in for a lunch the other day.  Meh.   not impressed.  I had a \"tuna melt\" - which ended up being a bland tuna sandwich on toasted bread.  Onion rings were from a frozen bag....lame.
We didn't go inside, just drove through before heading to Elevation Church across the street, but this location looked huge inside! Drive through was speedy and the employee helping us was, as always, freakishly friendly and happy.
yea not worth the money, not anything impressive. drinks were good. it wasn't bad but I've had better for less. the place just doesn't really feel comfortable. not a warm inviting atmosphere. and how many douche bags can a bar seat? apparently many at this location.
Checked in from a Friday to a Sunday. It was cheap and conveniently located. There were also nice amenities provided. The only downfall is the smell of the room. It was so horrible we bought Fabreeze and air fresheners to help make the smell go away but it was unsuccessful. The smell stuck to all our clothes.
Well... its different I'll give it that. The decor is kinda cool with all the paintings hanging on the walls. Its juts a little too dark for me. The rooms are standard size and do have free porn! Didnt do much here but sleep, so thats my review.
Food was just OK. My wife and I both had chimmi's enchilada style but they didn't deep fry them so they where really enchilada burritos. My black beans where also under cooked.
We had Burton, some acrobats, dance number and another comedian do a short set. Tricks were great. It was not just him it was a show and we had him break things up so it was not trick after trick.
service was great, food was good for the price.
I love Pinkberry.  I would visit more often if they open a more convenient location.  It is a pain for locals to visit this location.  \n\nI always enjoy the original with berries.
Normally you get two to go salsas for each item that you purchase.  Ordered two burritos to go and got two baby salsas and then was charged $.70 for two extras!
Things I like: big menu, great service, BIG portions, fun interior, new/weird/funky dishes to try (alligator tail, fried pickles...) popular place to eat. \n\nThis restaurant fits all of these descriptions. Now if only the prices were a little big lower...
Pretty decent place. The food was above average, but the wait staff was very helpful and polite. I thought their outfits looked pretty funny. The waiter said it is the original outfit that waiters used to wear in Thailand over 100 years ago. Pricing was fair with ample parking
Absolutely love this place! Jill and Eric are amazing! Service can't be beat!! The Little cheesy omelet is perfect size.
Just tried their sushi for the first time & was pleasantly suprised.   I have always been very suspious of grocery-store sushi - but I would definiltey buy this again.  I think it will make a nice addition to summer picnics!
I ordered a takeout here today and ordered my FF extra crispy.  Same old limp soggy under cooked fries as usual.
Don't pay the extra for lifetime allingment.  They don't even honor the extra check up for the single allingment. Even though they didnt even allingn it correctly the first time. Don't waste money or your time.
This place has the best hot dogs a little pricey, but you can get anything you can imagine on your hot dog. If your in the mood for hot dogs you should def check this place out.
WHY would you go to Vegas and not see the BEST SHOW IN TOWN?
Ryan D. in the Service department was awesome! Very friendly, honest and seemed to know his stuff. Thanks for keeping me on the road Ryan.
Was like eating Mexican food in Sun City. Bland without creative texture or flavor. Drinks very week 99% mix.
Oh Rice paper. This a great place and the people make it great.\nThe prices are great and the happy hour is one the best.\nIt is close by, so I visit a lot. Yet, if I move or relocate it will be sorely missed and visited monthly.\n\nRL
I was in a few months ago and had my hair done by Kathy (who is no longer there, from what I have heard). She did a great job with my curly mop of hair. The overall atmosphere of the salon was nice. The atmosphere was more high end than your typical salon, and I would likely go back again.
Garbage rooms. Least comfortable hotel beds I've ever experienced. Ended up sleeping on the floor on a couch cushion instead.
This is by far my favorite pizza. Only wish it was closer!
Had an excellent Ceasar salad and veal Gorgonzola. Had a good glass of house Chardonnay.  Service is super. Great local italian place
The first day was great!!  I loved the employe she was so nice I come here from my school around the corner I usually come here after school. I had a great day the next day a diffrent employe was kind of rude...
We were the only non-Asians during dinner time and the staff spoke little English or French - it's that authentic! We ordered the Chicken Hot Pot, Beef ChowMein & Dumplings for about $24 total. Superb food & amazing value!
Love the ambiance at this nice little spot. Came with some friends for a little Sunday Funday. Eugene was our bartender and was awesome! They make fresh greyhounds, by fresh I mean fresh squeezed juice to order. Sooooo good! Drinks were good and food was too.
Dessert Only\nI got the turtle cheesecake and it was D-Licious.  It was tall and wide and full of caramel and nuts.  The peanut butter chocolate cheesecake was a hit as well.  Great place for a late bite to eat.
I use to love the place. However the past few times I've been the sushi just hasn't been normal quality or flavor. They do have a good happy hour. Cool place to stop and grab a drink with and enjoy the atmosphere. I hope they get better.
Just because it says Deli and says Brooklyn, do not mistake for Jewish or New York. \nSadly, this place felt like a glorified Subway but the fact that the bagels come off the Sysco truck clinched the truth for me. Good thing the Dunkin' Donuts across the parking lot has bagels too!
Overpriced
It's a very nice restaurant for steak etc.  Their service was great and the food was ok but I prefer Texas Roadhouse
A nice clean place for your CenPho smoking supplies.\n\nThe owner is always behind the counter, super nice guy and he knows his products!\n\nOh yeah! Great prices to boot!\n\nBig ups!
Great little rest stop along the strip. Numerous selections in burger styles. I highly recommend the chili burger.
I'm bumping up a few start because Port of Subs and their corporate office is amazing. I received my full amount back for my salad, and they're taking care of out next catering event. I absolutely love port of subs--I can't let one bad apple ruin my love for it!!
Saturday at 11:30 am, those wings in a tray of one of their many flavors were super good.  Honey garlic bbq sauce, a beverage, and a chill mid-day atmosphere make this place a serious hit for lunch.
$16 kobe burger worth every penny. The tater-tots are just icing on the cake. Did I mention this place has one of the best tequila selections I have ever seen and a respectable beer selection to boot?
Came back here with a few friends when we were in Vegas and they all enjoyed it. The sushi is fresh and the sashimi is nice thick cuts, not the thin wafer pieces that most places serve. It's a little away from the strip but the drive is not far at all.
From reading the other reviews I was kinda sad! I have Been going to this Bww for 3 years now and I have always enjoyed it! \n\nUFC fight nights are always fun just gotta get there early! Tuesday and Thursday are wing nights!
Cool place.  I could imagine the mobsters and Hollywood types sitting in there...something about the ambiance.  LOL  Service was great and food was even better.  It definitely is pricey though.
Dan Dan Noodles were horrible and Shanghai Noodles were mediocre at best.  Both dishes had very little meat.  Pass on this place.
If it weren't for the mission of KK, I probably wouldn't visit again.  I've been a couple of times and tried different things.  The food is ok, but nothing special...especially for the price.  However, because of the mission I'm sure I will be back.
This is one cheap owner. Now he has downsized the soda, and raised the prices. He will eventually save himself out if a business. Poor value, ok quality.
It's Denny's, it's consistent.  Good service, updated menu.  Enjoyed my tilapia & veggie meal.
Staff is always friendly an helpful. The food is to die for! All of it even the desserts! Love the cheese pizza. The pieces are also very reasonable.
Cool atmosphere..but make sure you pack your lunch before you go there cuz the food sucks. Kinda pricey too.
Terrible service. Had to ask for refills. Waitress disappeared. Had to ask someone to find her. Food quality has diminished from what it was. Thought I would try them again. Not coming back. What a shame. It used to be a great restaurant.
Pretty standard Starbucks. Friendly staff. Hot/ cold drinks....\n\nRight next to Midwestern's campus and it closes at 9:30?!?! NINE THIRTY. Where the heck is the closest 24 hr Starbucks??!!
Impromptu stop here for a small bite.  Did happy hour with two visiting friends from Seattle.  Really enjoyed the place and we were all quite pleased with our food.  Mussels, fish tacos, verde stew and fried green tomatoes.
I went here for coffee on a Sunday morning.  This place is amazing the coffee was a strong and great.  Every single staff member that i came in contact with was fantastic.  \n\nI can not wait to try this place for breakfast or lunch.  My only complaint there is not enough seating.
No flavor Thai food  ...  Yes we found long black hair in our chicken dish , we informed the waiter , he didn't even care .... Our last time ...... where is the food inspector ?
This has to be the best pizza in town. I love ordering from them and have never had a problem.
Great place.   Too many choices of omlettes to chose from.  People r friendly and it's affordable.   Food is great too.  And they have a balloon lady for the kids.
Went their with a group for a birthday party. Service was good a quick. Portuguese chicken is a must. Can't go wrong. Who needs Scores or St-Hubert when you can come here?
The chips and salsa were fresh, and they kept them coming without us ever having to ask for more.  I had the lunch special, Chile Relleno, with refried beans and rice, and all three items were fresh.  Can't ask for much better in Mexican food.....will definitely return again!
Service was only 2 or 3 stars, but food was 5. I ordered the French bread pizza and my boyfriend ordered a chicken dinner. Both were amazing. Service was very slow and it wasn't even busy. Food was pricey, but expected. Really cool venue and atmosphere.
Solid authentic Mexican food. Close knit Mexican family. Servers are a little unfriendly, but who cares when you're digging into endless chips and 4 kinds of salsa. We were seated at the bar, which was uncomfortable because of a large edge. Great food, Coronas a plenty, and Spanish tv.
I would never visit this location again. The food was so bland and the girl working and manager are both very rude and dont understand the meaning of customer service. AT ALL. You want good food? Great customer service and a wider selection of sushi?? Go to the one off of Scottsdale Rd and Osborn in Scottsdale
Got our order wrong. Only one waitress during lunch hour. Not the best sushi I've had. Would not done here again.
One of my favorite spots for lunch! I get the veggie sandwich every time and it comes with a side salad. Plenty of food for a good price. The multigrain bread is delicious and the honey mustard dressing can't be beat. The place is kind of small but during nice days there is a lot of seating outside.
Had breakfast here during a stay at the Saguaro. Had the Huevos Rancheros - great twist on one of my favs. Our waiter was charming and made us feel welcome. A bit pricey for breakfast but we are on vacation, why not?
This place is a complete rip off. You go to sell them something and they offer you a ridiculously low amount, only to turn around and jack up the price close to the retail NEW price.
This is the worst place to go.. Crawfish was so small and dry... Crab legs had no taste... It took them forever to make food as well.\nBetter go seafood supermarket and buy some live crabs and boil them.
Karaoke every Friday at 9pm! Best place for Karaoke on Friday Night! Reverse Happy Hour too!
Menu was different ... In a good way ... Servers are still new and learning. Overall a great experience.
We had a great time here picking out furniture for our twin boys Marshall and Mathew.  the sales staff was great and knew the product very well.  We always try to support the small business owner, and i would advise other people to use this shop because of the great individual service.
Standard Burger King fare served at a snail's pace.  One cook, one sandwich maker, one cashier, plus 30 people in the queue.\n\nPlease help the economy and the waiting customers by hiring some staff!
I don't get all the negative reviews. My experiences in both being taken to downtown and then being picked up to be taken back to the airport were good ones. Easy and fast, nice drivers, reliable, on-time service. I would use them again.
Worst Espresso EVER. And my steak and egg combo was ICE cold. If I could give 0 stars I would.
If only I could give a 0 star,  this place is dirty,  smells and the hotel is very old. The dealers,  oh how rude they are...  They actually laugh at you when you lose money.  Never going their again!
Loved the grass bleachers. One of the nicest entrances to a Cactus League park. Small, cozy and not overrun by Cub fans (being a Brewers \"home\" park for the spring).
Absolutely the best steak!! Make sure you try the lemon cake, it is beyond amazing!! This place is top notch classy. Can't wait to get back to Vegas just so we can have dinner here again!!! You will not be disappointed.
Disorganized. Ripoffs. Rude, airhead employees that don't clean and freely talk on there cell phones whilst you asking them a simple question. Id rather rub sand in my eyes. Disgusted.
Very disappointed in this place. Maybe it is only good at 3am.  DO NOT GO HERE FOR GYROS.  They have the fake strips of meat that you can buy in the freezer section.
Not to bad of a spot. A bit on the price side but the food and sushi is good  full bar with out side seating. Happy Hour is nice, a good selection of items.
First time and last, we are healthy eats and this food is absolutely bad.  Chicken salad sandwich and all it had on it was watery grapes no taste.  I don't mind the price but when I leave feeling they should have paid me to eat it that is not a good thing.  Will never go back.
Great food, great wine list. Specialty wines by the glass.
Staff is always amazingly friendly. If you like In N Out, you don't need a review, just wanted to say the staff is great.
I thought this place was OK. Cute little old school stripper gal kinda theme. The food was good but not great. Service was great though. I would come here again- problem is there are soooo many nice restaurants close by to choose from that I think this one gets lost in the mix.
This place is now called Gelato Spot and doesn't open until 3 PM.
I love their breakfast. It's just a different experience from the get go. A light place away from the casino. Nice ambience with the option to sit outside. The Buffett has everything you need to start in a busy day. Fresh fruit, omelette station etc. Nice staff.
Overall it was OK but really dislike no free coffee in the rooms. I accept paying $5 for a Pepsi from the vending machine but how cheap do you have to be to not have coffee free to your guests in the room. Little thing but with so many choices I will never stay here again.
This place is dirty.  The plate my food was served on was dirty, our waitress's apron was dirty, and the booth we sat in was dirty; it left a huge grease stain on my daughter's pants.   This place is disgusting.
GREAT service! Very clean and chill atmosphere. Sushi was sooooo good! I will be visiting this place again
I don't get it.  these fingers have zero taste.  I do like the fries and texas toast.  one star for each.
overpriced for an average course
I like this place. A lot of varieties.
Definitely worth watching. The girlfriend took me to see this and I was very pleased. The transitioning from land to water was amazing. Don't waste your time on NY cirque du soleil shows...stick with vegas... WOW
After reading several reviews on Yelp we decided to stop by on our mini vacation.\nINCREDIBLE!  \nBrulee Burger was a hit along with the Country Fried.....and the sweet potato tots...to die for.\nGreat burgers!
YUM!!! Other than having to wait a long time, the pizza is def worth the wait.  Its not too expensive, around $25 for one whole pizza.  Love it!
we have three visit to this place with my family. this place never improve anything at all for past year. samo girls to taking pictures with samo tricks. never get anything exited. anyway, its reasonable price for the OK  shoot. but i am narrowing to groupon deals to some other picture places nowadays.
Went to a gala here. It was very disappointing. I wouldn't buy a plate with my own money.
This location is clean and efficient.  Our waitress was awesome and had our order in and food out VERY quickly.  The food is all fantastic and of good quality.
My husband and I tried three drinks each here on Boxing day.  Each one was fabulous and our server never let us sit long before checking on us.
I'd give it 3 starts if it weren't for the fact that you can walk around with booze and you can play slots.  Other than that this place is not very special.  I think I'm bitter because I took US Airways.  Never will I ride them again.
Different atmosphere, came again since I had a good time at STK in Miami.  Had the infamous sliders, Porkchops and some White Cran.  Decent but have to be in the mood.
I should jus copy and paste my review from upper crust this place is very similair ok exactly the same (seen staff from uppercrust there) either way this place is great and now it's only a 3 min drive great for lunch 2 slices and a soda for  less then  $6
Went to the Zac Brown Concert, the music was incredible the venue sucked! Poor direction from staff, crowded, no bathrooms near by, worst place to see a concert in Las Vegas
My new bbq place to go to. Best bbq spot in the valley!
This garage is as good as it gets!  I've been coming here for ~7 years and wouldn't think of going elsewhere.  These guys are fast, courteous, thorough and most of all HONEST.  \n\nI recommend them to everyone who needs a great mechanic.
The only thing I enjoyed was the Mongolian gril & my beer. I don't think I'll be going back unless I'm really in the for the Mongolian BBQ.
The food is absolutely amazing. Had a cubana sandwich and fries with a coke was one of the best lunches i have ever had!!! The waitresses were very nice too!
This post office sucks!!! Long lines only a couple of tellers. Place is in need of a makeover.....just horrible!!!!!!
It wasn't spectacular... Started 10-15 minutes late... The Comedian was the highlight of this show... I'm still googling her youtube videos with no luck... Some girls were really pretty but they weren't in sync much...
Good choices of flavors and toppings.  Always a good stop for an evening treat.
I came here for the KC Twins. It's the first night of them running karaoke here on Tuesday nights, and I will be here every night that they are here. Best karaoke hosts of all time!!! Half price drinks for guys, and free drinks for the Ladies drink free until midnight.
It's the Mirage.  Not the level it once was, back in the day, but still a decent place to hang out.
Great lunch bar!
The service is horrible! Food is good, but they need to be trained and get some management in there that will train the waiting staff what people expect when they dine out.
All the other reviews were spot on about this place.  Excellent service, fairly quick.  Their chili on the chili cheese dog was amazing and the wife was very fond of the Hollywood dog.  Relatively inexpensive as well which is nice, and the wait staff was very friendly as well.  Highly recommended.
Made arrangements to meet a group of friends here yesterday only to find the place is closed. They need to update their website - it was frustrating to check it out online only to find it's apparently been closed for over a month :(
Amazing and attentive service and Delicious food! Menu has a huge selection! My husband and I are definitely coming back!
Wanted to start off day with a good meal, dropped by del taco never at breakfast here before. The food was fresh the service amazing. Thanks del taco for making me full and happy and ready to start day.
the only good thing on the menu was the wings. Didn't have half the beer listed.  Got the KOBE burger, ordered  it Mid rare.. Twice came out rare-raw.  Frozen fries that were undercooked.   Don't waste your time. The service was good though.
I love Tammy!!!! She had big shoes to fill and she did it ten fold. My lashes are full and beautiful. Tammy is a perfectionist and makes sure every lash is covered and perfect. Not to mention she is adorable.
It was ok. My mother and I waited for 15 minutes while people that came in after us got served first. The waitresses seemed mad and unhappy but ramen was good!
Have been here multiple times and had great service and food every time. Their seasonal menu is delicious!
First time for happy hour at Flying Pig.\nFriendly staff but biscuits were rock\nHard, ribs and pulled pork were tough!\nThis was disappointing and maybe just an off day.
The worst dollar tree to go throughout the area. Worst customer service. Won't accept the q's and will give you lower value than what's indicated! Worst store and doesn't even rate a one star
Tasty scallops, peaceful lake side view and they accomodated for my gluten-free needs which I appreciate.
Amazing gluten free options and friendly staff. Jasmine iced tea was delicious. Never had a problem here!
Delicious place! A restaurant will always win my heart if they carry a veggie burger option. The burger was tasty, the fries FANTASTIC and the staff were all very friendly. I'm not much of a beer drinker so had a soda and it was HUGE.
Ordered the Bun Thit Nuong, a lot of the pieces of meat were either all fat or mostly fat. Some fat is ok, but majority fat is not good in my book. their fish sauce was too sweet for my liking. On to the next vietnamese/pho restaurant!
Great place for a nice (Windsor) burger. fast service and a great, vibe what more can be asked?
Over-Hyped. They offer vegan options and everything is natural but the taste is nothing out if this world and the wait time is a bit ridiculous. Not something I would go out of my way for.
Went here first time because of yelp reviews. My new favorite spot... found out it now owned by my other favorite sushi but this one is closer to home.  From food to service everything is top notch!!!
I eat at Thai 1st about once a week.  The food is always fresh and delicious.  Service is friendly, and the kitchen is super fast!  I've tried quite a few menu items. I've never had a bad experience.
The Reuben and the salads were great, all the food has a farm to table feel, comfortable place to eat... Excellent service!
Clean store. Self checkout is a plus. Pharmacy used to be 24 hours, when they got rid of that feature I started visiting the store closer to me. They also have had trouble having my meds in stock. The fried chicken is a guilty pleasure.
no stars!!! my daughter and her husband went here last night with a gift card we gave them . they did not honnor the card!!!! wepaid 50 dollars for!!! oh my god!!!  please everyone stay away from this shady place!!!   its a rip off
I love Primantis and this location has some characters working there. My only problem with this location is that their fries on the sandwiches almost always seem to be undercooked.
This location is not as stellar as others. They usually have a bit of a wait and the regular employees do not seem thrilled to be there. The food is fine but the customer service alone makes it a chore to stop by.
Little dingy inside, but the food was tasty. Not the best chinese food I've had, but the best I've had in Phoenix thus far.
Food was great... Teppanyaki chefs really made my son trip too there enjoyful..\nOnly down fall.. Was their drinks sucked big time ...
This Walmart has the laziest most idiotic workers I've ever been to. The managers are rude and don't know what they are doing. Total disgrace!!!!
Rude, sloow crew. You would think that when the place is empty you could run in and out. Instead employees ignore you, even if you ask for service directly. Stay away.
Food was overpriced and not that great. Slow service wouldn't even refill my drink. Interior is dingy and the tables were sticky I would not recommend this place.
Quick -fresh-delicious!\nGreat curries and Thai basil\nThe Green Curry with Chicken is a favorite!
Another solid, but not spectacular Las Vegas Hotel/Casino. Good mid-range selection for the north side of the strip. King room I stayed in was notably larger than similarly classed selections in other hotels. Shopping selections (not a big criteria for me) seem more varied than some of the others.
Coffee shop located inside Paris.  \n\nPurchased chocolate croissant and coffee.  \n\nCoffee was alright.  It was rather bland taste.\n\nChocolate croissant was not bad, but nothing extraordinary.
This was so poorly organized it was hard to believe.  We were in line 45 minutes just to get to park.  the foo lines were all a one hour wait. I would never go again.
Credit cards are accepted for tickets over $10. Friendly service and very quick about getting your order to you especially if you are going here during the lunch crowd. Pho is just the usual nothing outstanding or special.
Great wings but sad to say they are now closed - looking at the past reviews of slow service, that might have been the reason why.
I've had the tiramisu here before and it was fab.  But the last time I went, it was disgusting.  The texture was gloppy and gelatinous.  It reminded me of very nasty bodily excretions.\n\nFreakin' yuck.
if you've grown up eating japanese food this place will bring back great memories! every thing is delicious and the restaurant is very comfortable. don't get rolls! instead treat yourself to some real japanese food, sashimi. ask the chef for what's good, trust him he does it for a living.
I like this place however do not get this cajun chicken pasta, they need to take it off the menu.
Extremely over priced. 2 bratwurst and a pretzel dinner meal for $14. Pretzel was cold and bratwurst was bland. Nothing special. Service was a 3 out of 5. This is a place that you visit only once just for the experience.
Seems more authentic than what you get at other local restaurants. I enjoyed the tacos de asada and will come again to try the fajitas. Give em a try!
What can I say , its a vegas airport . Great place for people watching. The location is close to the heart of the strip , so the cab ride is affordable. Free WiFi too !
This place has great steak. and French Onion Soup...the service was a bit spotty.
Decent selection, friendly service and all around great atmosphere.  A bit pricey and not the best smoke in the City, but the views and location made it an enjoyable time.  The ventalation in the place was also really good, so the clothes didn't too bad on the way out!
With 3 people working it shouldn't take this long children..... Get it together pls\nWe had to go back and ask for them to remake ours, it didn't stand up to the test. Once remade it was pretty good but the wait and re-do make me not want to try again.
We have been here a few times and the food and service are usually very good.  Can get crowded on weekends but worth waiting a bit to get a table.  The noise level is not too loud like some other places.  Didn't care for their specialty drinks but the beers are good and they have a nice selection.
Portions were really small. I didn't want a snack size, I wanted a daddy size. And when they ask if you want coffee, they say *is an Americano okay? That's not coffee. It's espresso and water.
Service was first class and the food was very good.  Of course, I had the stone crab!
Very good service and good food.  Beautiful setting, marina is rght next to the restaurant and open to the public to stroll around.  \n\nMy only complaint was people feeding the ducks from their table.  We left but some older people were visibly upset with all the racket and fat ducks flying up at them.
Love the staff at this location. Great pastries and sandwiches, and super reasonable prices!
Went on Friday during Happy Hour. 2 for 1 drinks from 3-7. In addition to the drink specials, there also is a Happy Hour food menu. A DJ was spinning tunes, followed by a band at 7 PM. Good mix of people. Fun place to go.
Wings are the only good thing about this place.  Wife and son both hate the food and they don't like wings.
The pho here is pretty average. Good service with reasonable prices. Not the best place but will do.
The nicest and most amazing people both servers and chef!  The lobster, filet and scallops combo is beyond delicious!  Also try the lychee brulee dessert!\n\nWayne Gorsek
Dirty, elevator seems like its going to break. Crappy service. But heck u get what u pay for!
Milkshakes that pass themselves off as coffee. Mmmm... Tasty now leave me alone I'm enjoying this
Awesome view. Good food. But horrible service. The restaurant had no more than 7 tables sat. There was a ton of employees working and service was still slow.
Ah, sitting alone in an empty restaurant while listening to Christmas music and eating crappy Chinese food.  Ya gotta love the holidays.\n\nI'm sorry, but when the crunchy noodles that come free with the meal are the best part of the meal, then you've got a problem.
So many choices of mimosas to choose from! Passion fruit and strawberry was yummy! Tuna crepe was delicious. Service was excellent.
Neat store.  I am a PC, but I did enjoy playing with all the toys.  The store was pretty busy.  I found it surprising that we were not greeted.  I would go back for another look when the store isn't so busy.
The food was well-cooked and the price is reasonable considering it locates in Las Vegas hotel
This place sucks. Slow. If you order a whole pizza, they put you in the back of the queue.
The teriyaki chicken is the bombbb!
Tasty dumplings and nice variety. Not so much English speakers, or daft beers.
Don't use these guys unless you make an appointment with the dispatcher.   Made arrangements with two different drivers and both times I was stood up.\nWould never use them again.
Nice, clean location and layout, but the drive thru was really slow, especially when it wasn't busy
It is what it is, shaved ice in a hut.
Mardi Gras in Scottsdale. I'm surprised they don't utilize this spot more. Great bands when they bring them in and interesting events, too. Quick service, decent prices on the drinks and YES THEY SERVE MALIBU! No complaints here! MRB Approved!
Weak flavor selection and weak toppings. Don't count on getting any bananas or cheesecake to top off your froyo here folks.  Yogurtland dominates Zoyo!!!
Home Depot is a store where only knowledgeable people should shop. The employees will not offer reliable customer service and are only there to organize the store. Also, this location offers a variety of laborers that stand outside for most of the day. (They aren't employees... I don't think)
Thus is not only a great espresso bar in Montreal it's probably one of the best I've been to ever -- great espresso drinks and the best, fluffiest peach scone I believe is on the planet! A definite stop
Awesome food, cool atmosphere, and great service. People can bitch about the price if they want but if you want all of thee above you're going to shell out some coin for it. Our server was Connor- super cool dude, paid attention to us very well and remembers everything you ask for.
Hands down the nastiest nachos and guacamole dip I have ever had. What the hell is cheese sauce? $12 margaritas were weak. If we walked another 500 feet we would have found T&T in the Luxor.
my choice: Toasted ham, cheese & bacon sandwich \nhusband's choice: Tomato basil soup & Italian sub \nThe food was hot, delivered quick and order was accurate.  We enjoyed the meal but wasn't something we would to visit often.
Papaya and avocado......really yummy:-)
I love baseball.  And I love visiting baseball stadiums.  This is the worst baseball stadium I've ever visited.  It was a beautiful 85 degree day today and they had the roof closed.  Is feels like a giant airplane hanger.  So.  Boring.
Second try:\n\nSo I am updating my review! Received the giftcard and went ahead and tried it again ( dinned in this time around ) it was PERFECTION.  We'll go back for sure!
This is a standard Starbucks, either you are already a fan of Starbucks, or you are not.  I don't frequent Starbucks, but had received a gift card.  I was disappointed that they closed at 7PM.  The tea and friendliness of the staff was on par with Starbucks standards.
Uncorked was a nice looking wine bar, but server seemed like she did not want to be there. I have been to many places in and around Arizona and think this place may have a hard time making it with that kind of service attitude. Food was only  ok, and not many happy hour choices. I would give it a second try.
What a crap experience !  Get someone who listens and speaks clearly to work the drive through!  Hope that idiot working there tonight enjoys that job because Jack in the box is about as good as he will get!
This is the worst Whole Foods I have ever been to. This location is decorated more like a warehouse than an upscale market, and the selection seems to be lacking verses other stores I've visited in the past. If you live in this part of town just go to AJ's.
By far the best selection of beers on the Strip. At last count some 300 or so craft brews are available and most for less than $7. Worth the stop for those craving something from home. I hear those video poker machines are a bit tight tough.
Worst Indian food.. Might be good for Non-Indians who doesn't know Indian food.please don't order Goat items.. They will serve Lamb and never agree that it's goat
Good neighborhood sandwich place.
Pricey but good. It's like the meat-scapades. All the food is good, but I definitely prefer the filet mignon... some of the chicken and pork gets a bit dry. Fantastic salad bar. Wear stretchy pants. Dress stretchy pants.
Show lacked style, what happened to this place, supposed to be cream of the crop, and in one word I describe it as..overrated. Steaks over cooked portions small, and show wasnt as good as our neighborhood teppanyyaki, save your cash
Excellent.  Easily the best Buffet in Las Vegas.  Pricey as usual, but definetly worth it.\n\nBon Apetit :)
My favorite Indian restaurant in Madison! Delicious!
Fun atmosphere!  Nice menu selection. David the waiter was great.  Drinks are huge but don't taste much alcohol!  Better Mexican places...
had the best breakfast sandwich ever! good service, nice decor, only complaint is lack of wifi - but it doesn't matter much
Always a blast- just wish there was more room when it comes to \"getting down\" on the dance floor! GREAT PEOPLE WATCHING!
Clam Chowder - delish - and considering we are about 2500 miles from New England. \nBloody Mary - delish - and quite large!\nBreadsticks with tasy butter - yum!\nNo complaints for a Saturday afternoon lunch.
Love this place...just extremely small portions of food
Sophia is a great dance teacher.  Walking in to the studio I was very tentative and hesitate.  Sophia quickly showed me some simple steps and was very patient with me.  I would recommend her to anyone who wants to try dancing.
Got a chicken sandwich which was supposed to be breaded, it was not. The bun was 4 times the size of the chicken. Sweet potato chips were chewy. Probably should've tried a burger, but I wouldn't go back.
This place has great food but their customer service is very lousy. They were very rude to us from beginning to end especially the guy with one eye and no one seemed to care. Not used to that kind of service and will never go back no matter how good the food is. No one should be treated like that.
Went in and sat down on a Sunday afternoon, around 3:15 pm.  There were a few people at the bar and at the tables.  I waited and waited...and waited.  Walked out.
LOVE this place!! Super clean, super friendly, great schedule and awesome classes. DEFINITELY check this place out.
Service: Amazing!\nFood: Amazing!\nAtmosphere/decor: Not bad, but room for improvement.\n\nWith that being said, I would definitely return and even buy another fresh baked, take home pie!!
Wasn't that bad, definitely nothing to eat. All the workers are idiots but that's life.
This place was gross... I regret going here.  I should have just went to the Gordo'Gordo's next store.  Save your time and money and go somewhere else.
Had my Ford F150 repaired and painted. Bedside and back door replaced. Everything is lined up nicely. The paint is consistent.   The price is fair.   Patrick,  the shop manager had it back in my possession in a reasonable time.   Customer service was great
I had to get new tires mounted and balanced and when I went to pay, the guy at the register actually says something to the effect of \"Do you have any idea what this is supposed to cost? So, I could charge you $400 and you wouldn't know the difference?\" Joking or not, why even go there?
my favorite restaurant in vegas..... its not super cheap but well worth the few extra bucks. the deserts are vegan and guilt free..... u have to check it out
Best in the west. Everytime I come back home, I have to hit In and Out.
I love Ulta and the staff at this store is excellent!! Paul made my experience here very cheerful & exciting and simply made me want to buy more from him :)  I think he definitely needs recognition for his exceptional help and great makeup tips!!! Thank you, Paul!
\"Old\" Wal Mart is always an adventure.
Go to this locations as opposed to other locations. They are fast and efficient here. You will still wait longer than any other place in Arizona but they are thorough and know what they're talking about. Much better than the Surprise location.
Might not be best area but the food and drinks were great. Friendly staff! If you go save room for fried ice cream. Delicious. Definitely going back.
Great place for burritos, quesadillas or salad. Go here instead of Chipotle. Staff is always very friendly and hard working. I eat here at least once per week. My only beef is paying $7 for a cheese quesadillas but it is delicious so worth the price.
Great service, great food, and great drinks.\n\nThe best brushetta hands down in Phoenix and a tasty meat and cheese board.\n\nYum!
I like this place more than my boyfriend does. We've had them deliver a few times, and even though it seems expensive for deli food, the quality has always been decent, and I appreciate the delivery. The quantities are huge. The muffalettas are yummy and gigantic!
This place is just a sea of slot machines. And $10/shot at the sports book bar is a little ridiculous for a basically glorified stations type local casino.
We come here about 2-4 times a year and it's always great! We love the meatballs and I'm pretty consistent to get the shells with ricotta. We love their food and are always happy to grab a dinner here at Raos!
Good BBQ but not great. Why doesit taste different than the Rudy's in Texas?  \n\nThis place is still ok.  If they could find someone to fix their problem, I would come back regularly.  Hope that they find someone that knows how to BBQ.
Clean, well priced and the team of professionals are kind! They remember me each time I come! I strongly recommend this nail salon! I have also had my eye brows waxed and I would recommend that too! They are my favorite!!
The service was terrible and the help was outright rude.  My best recommendation is to go someplace else.
Great place, the outdoor seating is amazing. The staff is very helpful and attentive. Great wine list and the cheese platter is fantastic.
Numnumnum! Went here for lunch and for $7.95 you get a side salad, eggroll, and main dish. I had the chicken panang and it was fantastic. My husband had drunken noodles with chicken and it was only good, but it tasted a little too much like stir fry oil.
Good, local pub serving a small selection of real ales as well as regular lagers etc. Not a bad venue for watching sports on the tv and the staff are friendly.
Any place that calls itself an Italian eatery should have a freakin Chicken Parmesan sandwich or entree on the menu. Nowhere in sight.  Enough said. Get a clue Baboo or take off the \"italian\" part off your name please.
We come to this Buffalo Wild Wings because it is the closest to our house. We always get great service! They always have all the TVs going with the most popular sport or game on at the time. We always order wings because they are consistently delicious! And the fried pickles are amazing!
Just got back from my first experience at Weera Thai and I am very excited. This place has really good Thai food for reasonable prices. The lunch special was $7 and  is the best Thai food I have had.  This place will be a regular spot for me and I will definitely be taking my friends and family there when they come to visit.
Sorry, I desperately wanted to find a great Chicago pizza place in Vegas, and I was told that this was better than Lou Malnatis and Giordano's, but it's simply just not true. Still searching!
Average at best. Tried the breakfast burrito.  Eggs and a bit of bacon.  All the other included items were barely recognizable. Maybe the other items are better. Not sure why the reviews are so good.
Good concept, way over priced for a very limited small menu. I was hoping we'd find a new it place to go but this place is just mehhhhh. We'd still drive all way to Easy Life or Sp Mtn.
Very impressed with this hotel. First time here and I must say this place is incredible.
Not worth it and I would not recommend this place at all. Fish and chips are oily and batter is so crispy that it is falling of the fish. Fries are stale and burn looking. Chicken sandwiches are okay . Friends ate half on other half didn't feel like keeping. Waitress was friendly and great TVs
Good service. Good tasting food. Not a bad place, just OK. Lots of choices for juices and smoothies.
National Home Warranty will put you on hold for 20+ minutes and has never done what they say they will do....complete idiots!!!! Warring DO NOT PURCHASE A HOME WARRANTY FROM THIS COMPANY!!!!!
It's not like any ordinary  sushi joint, it's very hip menu is large.... The way the restaurant  set up was very cozy
Just left there and my car was inspected quickly and no hidden costs.  The staff was efficient and quick and that's all I can ask.
Overpriced typical \"hotel fancy food\" that isn't fancy or particularly good
Soo good! Pancakes are huge and filling! So if you order three pancakes, you will not finish them... Trust me! Friendly staff. Must try at least once!
Food was great. Service sucked. I even sat at the bar. The heavyset bartender would not leave his corner. I walked to the sports bar and got a beer before this clown even realized we were here. 6:30 on a Saturday.
Comfort food. I love it! Wonton soup is very tasty. Mongolian beef highly recommended the beef is very tender.
This place was extremely disappointing.  Both my husband and I felt that everything we had was super salty.  The steak was improperly cooked and left a bad taste  in my mouth.    I feel like the recognition of this restaurant is only being given credit due to the WYNN name.
This is the nicest grocery store I have ever stepped foot in. They even have a gelato bar. All the employees bend over backward for you and are very courteous and friendly. I Wish the Safeway by my house were this nice.
This is one of the worst airlines I've flown with.  I've travelled the world on many different airlines.  Almost all airlines allow people to standby for an earlier return flight without charge.  US Airways will not.  They make you pay for any flight changes.  They'll rather let their planes fly out half empty than to accommodate their passengers.
Got my fix of 2 scoops of cookies and cream in a waffle cone! \n\nI could taste the cinnamon in waffle cone and the workers were making some too while I was in there.\n\nI think they use the same kind of batter to make funnel cakes. \nMmm....
Love this place. Prices are great and everything is always of good quality. Check the sodium content though, I've had some pretty salty food from here. I gave it 5 stars for the actual store and staff, yes the parking does suck but not much you can do about that one.
Upon walking into this particular Subway it didn't look very clean. Food on floors and tables not wiped down. I stood in line for 5 minutes and watched the workers gawking at me in an uncomfortable way, while whispering to each other. I walked right out and went next door to Senior Taco. Never going to that disgusting Subway again.
Didnt get a chance to actually eat here, we showed up as the kitchen went on to their late night menu. But the hostess was very kind and the service seemed on point just wrong timing on our part.
The steak and eggs are so good, I order TWO of them. Red velvet pancakes of course. The workers are always nice and polite at every location I've been to. Hands down my favorite restaurant to eat at; Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day after a good workout.
i really like the brisket! for the price you cant beat the quality! thanks! everyone is super nice as well! :-)
Tossed has good and healthy food.  I was thoroughly satisfied with my meal and would consider going back.  But the price was a bit much for a five  vegetable salad.
Awful service. The halibut tasted like it was a warmed up frozen dinner.
I went here for lunch with my hubby, and we loved it! Large but comfortable, great waitress, and my Rib Eye sandwich, amazing! Awesome onion rings, great beers on tap. Go!
Best experience ever! Our pilot Jon was amazing. It was very funny and very entertaining. I would recommend this tour to anyone.
Marg was great. Put together a nice sunflower bouquet with other stuff in there (no idea) to make it look \"presentable\". Took a lot more care for $28 than I expected.
This is where I would eat on Saturdays when I working.  The service was satisfactory at best and food was always good.
Great service! Very comfortable rooms. Salt water pool. Area to BBQ. Free internet.\nFree breakfast with a variety of choices.\nOverall great experience!
Slow drive thru...order wrong.....speaker at drive through order board terrible.....parking lot configuration sucks. Wife's coffee not made very well. I appreciate the staff trying to make up for all of the short comings of this location. If not for them this would be a one star for sure.
The Wicked Spoon Buffet was excellent when it first opened.  Since then the food has become disgusting.  Do not be fooled by the pretty surroundings.  I is xpensive for a buffet and the food is awful.  I have been many times and will not go back.  The last 3 times were dreadful.
Great food and coffee. Actually, some of the BEST coffee I've had in town. Love the atmosphere, too.
Fast & efficient!  I go there anytime I can!
If you're lookn for some great ladies xmas gifts...go here...no shame robert a
I am not impressed with their food, Taco Bell is far better.
We love coming in two movies for the whole family for what it costs for a single ticket at AMC or Edwards.  The food is also reasonably priced not a gouge like the aforementioned chain theaters.  Do yourself a favor go see all you movies here !!
Rude employees!!! They don't want to accept their own coupons. It pissed the employees off when I pointed out that the coupon was valid. Then they made up additional rules not stated on the coupon. What a joke. Why send out coupons if you dont want to accept them????
Friendly service, great atmosphere and generous portions. All in all this is a great place to eat.
Came here several times.  Once at breakfast (steak and eggs), and came back in the afternoon for more drinks.  It was a fun atmosphere and girls go swimming in huge blenders...Sweet...Anyways good place to hang out and have some drinks.  See you next time Margaritaville.
Awesome happy hour. Specialty cocktails are $3 and apps are $5 each. There is outdoor seating with a view of the pool and the area is nicely landscaped. When you walk into the lounge, it's like stepping back in time. Very mid-century modern.
Had bad experience here. Bad servers. Come here for a friend birthday party, and no servers took care of us. And we got a large group of people too. So disappointment.
Innovative southwestern cooking. Small plates can make a meal. The duck confit relleno is to die for. Truly a first class wine list.
Fabulous meal !! I had the best beef Wellington! Escargot was amazing! The bread was great! Impeccable service with a wonderful view of the strip!
: My personal favorite is the Guess Store...supah cheap and love their Guess Woman Watches..hotel rooms ? 5 stars..Condo style. I love it! :)
I came here after a movie, like most others, it was pretty late and I was surprised they were open, but now I know where I can get good pizza after a night out if I'm ever in Henderson. I got their
Average food but a big plus for speed and price when you have somewhere better to be.  Half the people seated there were speaking French, so it couldn't be all that bad, eh?
Good breakfast, friendly staff and great mimosas and bloody Mary's! Sometimes there is a wait but usually not too long...
Paid in full for a 3 night stay in advance for my son's birthday. When he arrived, the hotel was \"oversold\" and his reserved suite was not available. I left a message & sent an email asking for an explanation. No response. I've never stayed here but it appears they need to work on customer service
This place has everything to offer in the choices for food & beer. I just love the options. Kid friendly and the staff is awesome. Reservations maybe a good idea if you are going on the Friday or Saturday night as it can get very busy.
I eat there all the time! Good food, reasonably priced.
This is a relatively old Target but it was remodeled so its not too bad.  For some reason this one seems to hold onto seasonal items longer than other stores so I will occasionally end up here if the Target by Chandler Mall is sold out of something I need.
The food quality was amazing!! The service was well above par and the atmosphere was great! I felt welcomed by the staff and as was treated if i was the only consumer there. I will definitely be back for some more of those delicious tacos. Highly recommend this to anyone who is interested in quality mexican food and great service!
Worst customer service EVER!!! Treated me and my mom both horribly! The manger, Kevin Orr, was a total jerk! Never, ever using enterprise again EVER!
Love the food, the crew and location.  For the best lunch or dinner it's a must go. The chowder is amazing, the pho dip is a must have and homemade cupcakes finish the meal nicely.
This is a nice relaxed local bar with good drink specials. I would have one complaint and that I don't like being there during kereoke nights.
Awesome food, waiters and atmosphere!  Will return on next trip!
Tests were done without our knowledge or authorization, billed to us without our knowledge, and when we tried to dispute it, the office manager said to pay it or they would send us to collections.\n\nHORRIBLE HANDLING OF OUR ISSUE!
Service was very friendly, but we waited 19 minutes for one turkey sub and one steak and cheese sub during lunch. I dont know if we could return for lunch due to unreliable wait times...
Good burgers... Dick cashier.. Gave me lip, otherwise I recommend the Texas Ranch
It's like little Germany in here, like you left the sun-baked concrete of the Indian School strip and stepped into the Black Forest. I'm pretty sure everything in there is German.\n\nSo, if you like authentic German stuff, Old Heidelberg is for you. I'm just not that into German stuff.
Wow I have been missing out...goodbye little ceasers hello cicis
Fantastic food from the 90% stuffed Crab Cakes to the Filets and Crab legs and finishing with the best Key Lime Pie in Vegas this place is top notch.
Awesome food great service excellent draft beer
Its an OK.... Joint. Good service. The bartender is really nice and fast. And the menu is good for quick late night apps. The karaoke rooms need to be alil speuced up. But would come back again
I would give 0 stars if I was able to. Terrible service, it has taken 45 mins for our group to even get our order.
Gross! Food was horrible and this place was dirty! To top it off I had a 10% off coupon for my entire bill & they didn't even do that right! I was very disappointed and even thought the lunch buffet was $8.99 it wasn't worth it for what we ate! Gross & will never be back!
Ordered wings and a gyro a week ago. I am am from Chicago. This place is good! Had the garlic cheese bread too....good red sauce! Gonna try the pizza next time....overall a win
ok food in a applebees sports bar type of environment.  Good beers and ok food - although the pizookie was great - just needs more ice cream)\n\nGood selection of kids food as well.
SOOOO GOOD!!!!\nSome of the best carne asada I have had in a long time served with fresh hand made tortillas. I can't wait to come back and try the sushi, I did not leave room in my stomach this visit.
Duncan made me a coffee drinker.  Best coffee I've ever tasted.  This place is nice but avoid the am rush. Has a drive thru too!
I enjoyed the Pad Thai.  The restaurant itself is not great, but the food makes up for it.
I love these guys!!  By far the best in the valley.   A family run business that makes you feel like family.  Have been using them for 2 years now and have not found ANY spiders, roaches, etc. in my house since.
Best burger I've ever had! Only complaint was the fries were a little salty for my taste.. That's the worst of it.. Friendly staff.. Swanky atmosphere.. Prices weren't unreasonable..
I don't understand why this place think's it has famous Corned Beef. I can only believe it's because there are no other deli's downtown.  The restaurant/bar is a dive.  The Corned Beef is nothing great and their side dishes are nothing special.  Not worth the trip.
Worth a visit for the atmosphere and the beer. The food was just OK. Even the famous chili was so-so. Yeah, it was damn hot. But not that tasty. The waitress we had was indifferent and acted as if we were an inconvenience. I wouldn't go back.
Everyone here is very nice. You can really tell they all absolutely love animals. I called and they got my cat in the next day. They couldn't get a urine sample, so they gave me another appointment the next day for no charge. The facility is clean and up to date. I'm coming here from now on!
Went to eat at Daphnes last night with my girlfreind. The food was awesome and the employee's were very helpful. The manager recomended a dinner special. The special was a ton of food for cheap! Got eat!
This was at one time a great ayce sushi place. Quality has gone away. Rolls are small and mainly overly wet rice. So sad.
Loved my nails and was in and out in no time:) walking distance in Old Town, loved it!  Professional and lots of style selection, I did cherry red with silver tips:)
Dr Kiernan and her staff are phenomenal. I've been seeing her (no pun intended, of course) for several years now and have had nothing but fantastic experiences.\n\nShe is very professional, super nice and very thorough. Makes going to the eye doctor a very pleasant experience and I appreciate it.
My go to Pho place when in Vegas, but there can be a long wait sometimes. Food is good, service not so much.
Long waits but great food!
They are closed, went there for breakfast and the sign is even gone.
Been here a few times now and I swear it gets better and better! Ribeye with a side of Lobster? There are no words!! Enjoy...
I come here to see Dr. Evenson and when he's not there, then I would see Dr. Coy. Dr. Coy's a trip! I love this guy! The Filipina ladies at the front desk are quite rude though esp. in person and over the phone.
Love the lunch specials here. Whether you go with the Slice/Salad or Two Chicago Dogs/Fries, you can't go wrong. Or do what I do and go with the best of both worlds: a Slice/One Chicago Dog.\n\nWorth it every time!
Horrible room service food, bad attitude from front desk and the carpets and whole floor is dirty good if your in high school.
Great pimento cheese grits and brunch in general!  Only con was they served pancake syrup instead of maple syrup. \n\nOverall it was great and we will be back.
Average fare. Had popcorn shrimp, dbl cheeseburger, fries and fried pickles. Use the 2 for 1 burger coupon. At front desk or printable.
They will make up stuff to have the story first.....SLANDER!!!!
I go for the semi annual sale mainly, but will get coupons for free items throughout the year and stop in. The staff is always friendly and I never have to wait in line.
Terrible theater! Overpriced snacks (you know it's disgusting when they have the nerve to charge 4 dollars and change for bottled water), dirty floors and bland staff. The only bright spot is the bathroom.
Really lovely restaurant! It's small but the food is really well prepared. My risotto was perfect... the rice a soft on the outside with a little crunch in the middle, simply perfect. The entree are really interesting including the zucchini flowers and the salumi platter.
This place has decent sushi, but the price makes it tastes awful.  I had 5 pieces of sushi and it cost me just under $50! Thats like $10 per piece of sushi!\n\nBleh no thx!
Great food, exceptional service and a nice atmosphere. The recipe for a perfect restaurant. Will recommend and will definitely revisit!
Super greasy ribs, sauce overly sweet. More like Chinese buffet spire ribs kind of ribs. Service was ok.
Ok so I really wanted to love this place. Service was great. Chopped salad was a little weird but ok. The food was overall prepared well, just not to our liking. Unfortunately no one in our party was a fan of the food.
Great sushi, but they close at 2pm, so kinda inconvenient for those late lunches.
Absolutely great record store. Awesome variety of music and an oustsnding collection of new and used vinyl! The only bummer is that I live in Atlanta, but I hit this place up every time I'm in Charlotte.
3-3.5 stars\n\nWent for lunch and ordered some pad thai. Decent amount of food for a fair price. It's a small restaurant but fast and friendly service. They pad thai is decent.
To summarize this is just above your all you can eat eateries with the exception of the Sushi Bar with many options. This is a very clean place and the staff is friendly.
It was rough, real rough. My blood pressure just skyrocketed from purchasing some concrete and rope. Grrr.
Service sucks!  Walked in and was seated immediately.  Sat for 10 min and was never greeted by a waitress.   Walked out and went elsewhere.
Delicious, delicious salad and wonderful fresh lemonade.  Definitely come here again when I'm on the west side.
HORRIBLE! I ordered my food at 7pm and as I am writing this review still have not received my food for delivery (8:33pm) so pathetic . Never order from this place !
The food is really good.  However the service is horrible.  While this is expected at an airport restaruant, this should not be the case since is is a FRC establishment.
Surly old lady working the counter on my day and believe me, I caught the vibe quite clearly and won't be back.  Ice cream didn't taste quite right, and the Blizzard ingredients seemed stale and unchewable.  Yuck.  Tummy gurgles for an hour after consumption.  Not good.
One star for service.  That is about it.
Just went to this location and they are charging a fee for using debit cards. An additional 39 cent fee on top of the price of food. That's a cost of doing business.  I will never go to this location again.
Fast service, good sandwiches and the potato salad was yummy. The coleslaw wasn't good but I don't care for it to begin with. Staff was friendly and the sandwich was big, well worth the money and go for the combo it's the best deal.
Hummus was just great. I've trident their \"special\" Greek wine and honestly didn't like it. Briefly - he'll of food worth the money.
Outstanding, authentic local style grinds. The portion sizes are LARGE, so go hungry. The chicken katsu was the best I have tried in Las Vegas. The lau lau (only available on Friday) was the only disappointment. It was small and the pork was very dry. Other than that, no complaints.
My $50 small meal did not turn out well. Sashimi was not fresh and the rolls tasted weird. Let's just say, I had to stop eating the rolls and  I was close to regurgitation. Staff was fine, but the food is not up to par.
Great location and had take out for the Superbowl with a short 15 minute walk to the Aria----great party platters and over fed 8 people with left overs....great Vegas option with groups
The map location is wrong.   It's north Durango Dr not south Durango Dr.  It is mapped on the wrong end of town.
I really enjoyed the Neon Museum.  Our tour guide was well-informed and friendly and the signs are so cool!  As others have mentioned there there is almost no shade and it gets very hot.  They are starting evening tours soon so I'd love to go back and do it again.
Nice place to eat on the cheap.  You'll get full or drunk off of what they have to offer for sure.  I believe they still provide free donuts and coffee for gamers in the early mornings.  This place is really old but why not try your luck?
The best sushi place in town by far. Big serving. Best sushi. Good servers. Try the Ellen roll with soy wrap..hmm. Thick and good roll.
The Poppin rolls were AWESOME! This place is way better than The Sushi Room, I think it is re-invented, but, they did it....so much better.  I highly recommend.
I have been to Mary for facials seeking clear skin for 9 years.  Yes my skin looks great.  She always has the latest and best products and treatments.  Mary 's salon is always a place of welcome and relaxation.  She takes time to evaluate my skin each session.
This place has been renamed to Crazy Earl's. The only item on the menu still good is the Mexican pizza. All the rest of the menu is identical to what it's always been BUT they've started using bad quality meat, like what the jail would serve if it even serves meat to the inmates.
Pretty old and dirty, has not been updated I'm many years. The ceiling in the bathroom is falling apart
Poop. Poor service. Poor staffing. Had an issue there about a month when.........finally someone spoke with me he was a total jerkoff for lack of a better word. Almost certain his last name was Corona.
J'adore this store!!!  So beautiful and filled with many inspiration pieces. Very much on the pricey side, but a check online shows me that their stock is not too overpriced. This is def a room in heaven. :)
The staff did not like that we brought a baby, even though we came to do the baby footprints and handprints pottery. One crew member seemed genuinely annoyed by the baby and wouldn't help us prepare the work. Another crew member had to join us. I doubt we will go back.
I will never go to and/or support a club that kicks legends like Mark Farina off the decks. Vaffanculo Marquee. \n\nhttp://stoneyroads.com/mark-farina-kicked-decks-house-event/
They had really good sourdough toast, no really, they did. Everything else was A-OK - like the french toast, the waffle, eggs and pancakes.
The bean and cheese fry bread was good I experinced good service thats all I have
Excellent service department, you should take a tour, nothing compares to it.  Clean, AC, polished floors, and high tech gear.  Nice waiting room, free snacks.  Very comfortable seats and wi fi.  Prices are also good on service, better than some Lexus dealers.  I like it.
We ordered to go. Shrimp good, salad great,meat in orange beef was disgusting. Beef skewers disgusting. I'm not really sure it was beef. Not trying to be gross but I have to be honest, they are not using quality products. Never again.
Went there this weekend and it was a huge disappointment.  The food was so bad I took a couple of bites of the ceviche and a couple of bites of the meatball dish and I couldn't eat anymore it was so bad.  I highly recommend saving your money and going elsewhere.
The food is really great. \n\nHaving said that, it's overpriced and they nickel and dime you on everything. Plus the portion sizes are really not big enough.
Came here on a Friday night & sat outside. The server was really sweet & attentive.  I got the mac & cheese as well as their grown up iced tea.  Both were really really good! Nice place to have a few drinks & some food! Lots of TV's with the games going which my husband loved.
Always long lines for service help but employees are always helpful...once you get to talk to one of course.
Food was awesome and the service excellent. I will be eating here again soon. I had the Cajun chicken and my wife had chicken pot pie. Both were just amazing. Andy was the best server. Fast efficient and made excellent suggestions.
I didn't like this place too much. Let me start with the food it was tasteless! There was a 50 min wait Not Worth IT!.\n\nI don't want to write too much about this place because it was not a fun experience. Vegas has much better places!!
Food was sub par, one step up from taco bell. The drunken nachos were ok, but hard to eat. The main courses were not spectacular. Mojitos tasted like a cheap sugar mix... Overall it was $80 for two people, I wouldn't think it was worth $40.
Great service and pretty good BBQ.
I've actually never been here for lunch, but hear good things. The breakfast items are good though, for sure.
Love this place! Great Food, Great Experience! Not for people who are picky eaters but great for Foodies! Only complaint is the price but I'll still go back!
I find ordering in this store very confusing. Maybe it's just me bc I'm used to Panera Bread on the east coast. I've been here twice now and I still don't like it. I went there last wk and I'll just go to another place that's easier to order from.
Excellent service and the waitresses are very prompt and get you that drink right away! it was a fun time and won some money as well. Not 5 stars cause the place reaked of cigarettes.
Sorry not too impressive the owner seems a bit catty and two faced don't like the fact that it takes two weeks to send out to have the stuff done in the store so please tell me what is the sewing machine for if you have to send out to get your work done not pleased not at all I would recommend somewhere else
Sucky ass waiter n bar can't even order more thn a drink at a time on my birthday. Not cool at all!
Sonic . . . so good for dessert!  They also have a happy hour between 2-5 p.m. where drinks are half off.  Includes the limeaid.
Sorry Burger & Beer we would never come back to your establishment- music extremely loud, pastrami sandwich came out with burned bread, and very expensive for what you get.  Much better options available on the Vegas strip.
Really awful experience at the Sail Inn. They charged $10 dollars at the door because there was live music but the band was not good at all. The bartenders were extremely rude and unfriendly. I would recommend going to almost any other bar in Tempe.
What a pleasant surprise.  Best Cornish Pasty I have had outside of Cornwall.  A hole in the wall place in Tempe that looks like a British pub inside.  Good to go into a dark spot in the heat of the desert.  It's very good.
I would not recommend eating here. Besides the food being subpar, it is very dirty and worn out looking. Save your money and your gut - go somewhere else.
I'm not much of a sandwich person but this place is pretty awesome and affordable.  Bread was perfectly toasted and they weren't cheap on the meats.  Only issue is seating when it's busy.  People need to eat and leave to mingle somewhere else.
Last ditch effort when all other possibilities failed- surgery. Voila!  Stupid dog ate plastic (vacuum cleaner attachment piece our lab chewed up). She's all better and grateful to Brown for all their efforts and compassion.
Great beer selection at affordable prices! New beers on tap every week. Nice atmosphere. Weird furry bartender on crutches is great for a laugh!
District One - Vietnamese restaurant that is lounge and bar style. Incredibly great service, average check ranging from $13-$15. The food looks beautiful yet it's not the best, however the service is so nice and great that you can't even complain. I would give this restaurant 4/5 because how great the service is.
Stopped in after the panthers Game yesterday........Never been here before and will never go back......Food sucks......Nachos is better at the game......Reuben, had tuff meat inside my husband wouldn't eat it.
Good food, at a reasonable price, friendly and helpful wait staff. Highly recommended.
Very nice and clean. The staff was very helpful in helping me find my books and DVDs.
what t.j. said. :)
This place is a gross bar and grill that serves bellow average food for high prices.\nService is bad.\nThis should be on bar rescue.
This is the ONLY place where my husband and I eat sushi. Love the baked roll options. Edamame is great, love the beer choices. We try and go monthly when we're able!
Went back this past weekend.. still kind of a mess.. its like they hired all new people and didn't train them at all. Very annoying.
I have to say this place is great after a night of drinking. I mean \"Who isn't hungry after drinking?\". I loved the chicken noodle soup with the club sandwich. I got carry out and took it right to my hotel room inside NY NY. The service was quick and the food was awesome. Thanks America!
Good for take out. Quick and easy. Will work with you on the menus.  Very efficient   Honest hard working restrant.
Love this place for sushi. You must try the American Dream Roll! You'll thank me later, I promise.
I love this theater because they're always consistent. The staff are friendly, the lines are short, and the theaters are rarely crowded ( which is great if you love to midnight movies). It is always clean, too.
Must have been an off day, but I could have studied at the state fair...kids running around, babies crying, and two loud mouth women talking loud and eating cheetos! Ridiculous! Then the security waking around all stone faced saying nothing. Smh. Better luck next time I guess.
Too expensive for such small plates.  The food is decent but the service can be slow during busy times.
Good NY style pizza. Good wings too. Large three topping pizza, ten piece order of wings, & four Blue Moons came to $42. Not bad.  Friendly staff, nice cozy (small) setting in new development just off 215/Durango northwest.  We will go back.
My diner partner and I arrived around 2pm. The place was practically empty. Service was kinda slow but the food was great! My companion had the Big Dixie chicken and i had the bulgogi beef sandwich. The beef was full of flavor and the bbq sauce was spicy. I would definitely be back!
Closes at 11:00PM on Saturday night. WTH? This is Las Vegas, for heaven's sake! We rolled in at about 10:52PM and were denied.
On a hot day , looking for a good mexican slasa , landed up here , places was good and not crowded. Ordered margarita and Nachos and I woukld say best  nacho I ever had. Very friendly atmosphere as well.
Dirty store. Cashier was to busy playing with the helium balloons to help customers.
Great location in New York New York!  Perfect if you are staying in the hotel!
The bread is super fresh and delicious. My husband had the Ruben and I can't tell you how delicious the bread was! I had my first taste of a Ruben, and must say, their twist on it with cole slaw is fantastic. Also, great selection of beer.
I am not sure what happened to this place, but the music is blasting, the service is terrible and what a shame, because this was a nice place .
Use the automated postal center, and skip the long line.
Yet another overpriced novelty shop filled with cheap trinkets and curious smells. \n\nI'm glad Smeeks is there rather than a McDonald's or something. But I wont ever buy anything there.
Um.  This place was cool ten years ago, when you were in high school.  Now- not so much.
Great steak burros and tacos! The taco shells are fried just right- lightly! Consistently good food with great customer service!
I was a little disappointed, the place is very old and the service was not great came in for dinner, way over priced for the portions and rice and naan not included! My suggestion is you read all reviews before going.
The valet here is extremely rude . This is the second bad experience I have had with valet . On top of it I tipped him 5$ and no thank you just a blank stare . I am in the hospitality industry and you must always say thank you .
This place is not the place you want to eat. I should have taken a picture of the dirty floor and flies that were surrounding the eating area inside. I will never go to this mc Donald's ever again!
My mom found this place in 1998. She purchased a sapphire ring. It was a very nice ring and unique and she is very happy with it. The only issues I have is with the service and prices. I think the employees should be a little more attentive to customers and the prices could be a little more competitive.
I've never give a bad reviews but their food was so awful. I order Udon soup taste of nothing like just soy sauce
The staff was friendly and accommodating. I had an arrangement made for my grandma. After I left I looked at the flowers and some of the roses edges were dried/dead. I think the flower arrangement was over priced for what you what you got. :-(
Interesting place we got there late and it was empty.The service from the staff was great, and it had a nice atmosphere. The space is huge but lacks the appropriate decor not enough furniture and needs help with designing.
I like this place!! I thought the food was fresh and service was great!!  I don't think the price was really that bad if you compare it to other hotels restaurants.  The place looked cool too
Oh Yeah!!!! This place is awesome.  \n\nOnly reason it didn't get 5 stars is because I always think it looks slightly dirty behind the counter.  Not not like health hazard nasty, just super messy.
I love big Jimmy's when they don't burn the crust!!!  Great drunken pizza- good crust, sauce and cheese.  However, the burn the crust about half the time we order from them.  If they were consistent with their cooking times, we would never order from anywhere else.  Awesome wings too.
Good food and nice service
Worst airport terminal! Can't believe in this day and age that they haven't designed this terminal better for business travelers. Get a clue from everyone  uncomfortably and awkwardly sitting down on the ground near every outlet - which are few and far between.
I hope this place is around for a long time to come.  The meats are fantastic and the owners friendly.   They were closed for awhile but we are so glad that they are back!
oh no no no no!  i ordered the tofu and um, well, it was silken tofu.  i would figure that they would know which tofu to use and how to cook it but i was so unhappy with my meal.  i will never return and i would just like to forget about the whole thing.
I have to disagree with Gabi on this one.  It could be me, but I have been here three times now, and each time, I have received terrible service.  I understand how some could love this place; it definitely has a unique atmosphere, but...when I get attitude with my beer, you lose me.
We use this place all the time for our weimaraner. Great day care, caring vets, and an awesome staff. \n\nThey know our dog by name & when we see the staff in our neighborhood they always say hello.
This place is an almost brand new addition to Pittsburgh's Strip District and serves Vietnamese cuisine.  I had a Vietnamese sandwich with pork and it was delicious!  The service is fabulous as well.  Definitely recommend!
Excellente p\u00e2tisserie! On s'y r\u00e9gale!  La tarte au citron est \u00e0 tomber par terre. Et le cadre et tout petit mais tr\u00e8s cosy et chaleureux
Dude totally worth it man....
Budget hotel with all that implies - no wi-fi, TV had one channel, rooms are tiny, etc. However, they had great staff, our shared bathroom was cleaned daily, and it was a pretty good option for the price. Super convenient to most of the downtown activities, and felt pretty safe.
It's like a big slot machine, you go, drop $100, and walk away sad and feeling like an idiot. Overpriced, overrated, over attended, over cooked, I'm over it. Over and out.
Decent food with a really fun atmosphere
So tired and disappointed by the right wing comments and obvious political agenda. Makes me sad to the bone because all i want is to be taught the bible's message. Didn't know that being a christian also meant being a republican.
Came in10/27/2012. This is what a sandwich should be. This is a slice of heaven. Best damn sandwich!
Very disappointed! My carne asada burrito was cold, the meat dry and tough and slightly crunchy! Only ate it because I was starving and out shopping and needed some fuel. Please don't waste your money here, it is not worth it.
Just like the rest of the casino. Not great, not bad. Came for lunch and we got comp'd for the buffet so maybe that helped it taste better, haha. The mac n cheese and made to order cheesesteaks were probably their best items.
I have eaten here a few times and have had amazing food and good service. This has been my wife and I place for dinner over the past couple of years. The food, is fantastic and the service is great.
Poor quality, poor service... Cold, bland food.
I really wanted to love it. Consider it's literally 2 minutes from my house.\nIt was generic Chinese. Nothing special. Totally disappointed by the Gyoza :(
Went there as part of a group.  The food was fine, but nothing really blew me away.  Service was good and fast, but since I don't smoke, I really didn't like hanging around in there.  If you're not a smoker, this is not a great place for you.
A great location in Old Montreal next to Notre Dame.  A nice boutique feel with friendly service.  Each room is slightly different, but all very comfortable.  The bar in lobby is cozy.  The breakfast is European style buffet with a very nice selection.
I love this place! It is a must visit every time I'm in town. I had the pleasure of attending a phenomenal wine dinner tonight. I am always blown away by the creativity and variety of food and favors. I could eat here every night and never get bored. Wonderful staff, service, and atmosphere.
Whenever I am heading to northern AZ I always stop and grab a slice or a calzone at this place. It truly is the closest thing to NY pizza I have found in AZ. I know its in anthem it boggles the mind.
This is the first time I have ever written a review. I am incredibly disappointed with this company. They quoted me a fair price for the initial deep clean but once they arrived it was all of a sudden well over double the price. I do not recommend this company to anyone
I liked this place a lot... Lobster roll is fantastic... Best milkshake ever
Went here with my wife on our 10 year wedding anniversary based on reviews/recommendations.  The food was very tasty but the atmosphere was rather bland and the kids running around was not the romantic environment I was seeking.  That said, I would go there again for take-out next time I'm in town.
Good place to eat.  Don't be in a hurry. You will wait to be seated on Sunday mornings. Give this place a try . I'm sure that you will be back. Have a peaceful day.
Horrible service.  Rude individuals.  They locked the doors before the business was closed so they wouldn't have to deal with complaints!
No impressive....Sorry. The shrimp scampi appetizer that we started with was bland and the shrimp were hard. For dinner, my diver scallops were a cold (they were supposed to be warm). Wouldn't come back here again.
Really disappointed. Bad service, subpar food.
This place is good for a late night meal and convenient however the first time we went our server had the worse customer service. He gave us attitude and all we asked was how much longer for our food. Acted like he hated life and did not want to be there. Someone must of been having a bad day. Horrible service!
I like their Vietnamese ice coffee and their ice tea is jasmin :) how ever their pho is super oily and floating w thick coats of oil on top of the soup visiblely, their shrimp wonton egg noodle is good though.  So 3 stars , service is good
We went to their old location a year ago. And tried the Italian food and kbobs and wasn't impressed. Our friends insisted that we go this weekend. So we gave the new location a try and we are just not a fan.
Chicken and Waffles..better  come with a B I G appetite cause the portions are HUGE..best one i had so far...but ne thing was since they sat us all the way in the back seemed like they almost forgt about us being there...8P
I had the vodka angelhair pasta it was yummy even Carmel icecream was even better lol
Compared to the size of the store this place has a large Tea section!  Grapeseed Oil, Olive Oil and much more that I did not look at!  The owner was very friendly and helpful.  Cardamom TEA! !! !!!
Kind of far, kind of small, kind of stuffy.\n\nGood music, good drinks, good crowd.
Reasonably priced, modern and spacious room with a HUGE tub! Great convenient location as well.
This place is seriously overrated and the ridiculous wait is not worth it. Yes, the frozen hot chocolate is worth trying but it is beyond sweet! Overall it was ok, I would not go out of my way to dine here again.
The Perq is probably one of the best sections in SLS.\n\nA solid place to grab an espresso drink on my way out.
Matthew Flores was an outstanding salesman!! It took a few days to get the car I wanted, but Matthew did everything he could to make sure that happened. I'm glad he was my salesman and I'm happy to have given him the sale! If I could afford another car I would definitely go here first and specifically ask for Matthew Flores.
Bad food. Bad service. Cold food  is a big no no to this place
Hands down our favorite pizza place in the valley! And reasonable prices too!
Amazing afternoon enjoying some homemade sweets and great coffee! Would highly recommend this friendly cafe as a place to visit.
Really fresh, unique beers. Loved the pumpkin stout.\nGood food, had the pierogies, very buttery. \nExcellent friendly service
-Starts off with a very unpleasant odor when you walk in. \n\n-Sides were very bland and one was cold. \n\n-Steak was quality of outback but costs $60.\n\n-The service was good but the food needs some work...especially for those prices!
Just did my first triathlon thanks to them.  They were fabulous with setting me up with equipment and their Tri 101 seminar helped me get ready for that first event.
Poor service and not prepared well.\nThat is the review \nDon't need to say much more\nSent steaks back 2 times.  \nAnd it is a steak place\nEnough said
Best PHO in Las Vegas.  The owner is the son of the original Pho 87 in Chinatown LA.  If you have a hangover in Vegas and needs good authentic Pho, this is it.
Best Sashimi and Sushi in the Area.  Excellent Service in a warm neighborhood setting.  Don't Miss it.
Food is terrible. Got nachos and a wrap. Employees are great. Wouldn't eat there again.
Fun friendly servers and pretty good food! They are known for burgers but their salads are really good too!
Went for lunch - I would give it 3 1/2 stars.\n\nThe sauce was good, meatballs OK and service very good.\n\nIf I had to go back, I would, but I would not seek it out.
Amazing experience! Jose went above and beyond any expectations I had prior to waking in. He was able to answer all questions and give advice on stuff I didn't even know I needed to know. He was able to provide samples at little or no cost to make sure I got what I needed. Highly recommended and will definitely be back!
Recently stayed at the JW Marriott during a business trip. Overall the hotel is very nice. The rooms are very large and comfortable. The staff was also very friendly. The only negative was the internet which was very slow. A solid 4 stars.
My apology to the servers because this isn't a reflection on them, we had very good service. The food however was below mediocre. Don't waste your time going here. There are many more restaurants in Vegas that you will enjoy more. This was the worst food we have had in Vegas. Long John Silver is better than this place.
waker upper
Food is average and not too expensive, service is fast. Clean restaurant.
The rudest people in business.  The web site is just as much a mess to navigate as the bill.  Every time I call it only gets worse.  I hate these SOB'S!  I pray that another company kicks them out of the country.  THEY SUCK
Great place for happy hour! Appetizers are ok!
Based on all the positive reviews I had to try this place. Service was good but that was it!  7.95 for a half dozen tamales.  You get what you pay for!  They were dry and chicken was tooooo spicy.  A one time thing!!!  Tried beef, chicken and chili!
Poor service and average food. The place is supposed to specialise in beer, the staff did not have a clue about the draft beers on offer and when it came it was flat. We was served other people food on 2 occasions and when the food came it was quite average. I can't say I will be going again
Great and delicious dessert. Not a bad selection of items as well.. plenty to choose from and the taste is very similar from Japan.  The tofu cheesecake was definitely one of the best. Not too sweet like American cheesecake. Green tea cake and Mille-feuille are definitely a must try items.
This place was cool. Nice furnishings. Comfortable bed. Loved the shower!
I was really impressed. The menu features  delicious healthy options with calorie information. I enjoyed a bison cheesesteak that was only 600 calories. My partner has pizza with hummus as the sauce and feta as the cheese. Cucumbers represented the pepperoni. Very good affordable meal.
Great experience. Amazing show! Great for dates and families! The special-effects where exciting.. The stage was crazy!! I couldn't tell you how many stages they had.. . The customer service was Second to none!!
My family and I came here last night to celebrate a birthday. there were 12 of us and we got the  best customer service, the food was hot when it came out. It was a wonderful experience last night.
The fresh made Bloody Mary is the best tasting Bloody Mary I have ever tasted. The second time we visited,  they were out of fresh orange juice so we opted for the fresh tangerine juice. SO GOOD!! Worth the price for a delicious fresh tasting beverage.
Our second home. Always a difficult choice as all of the drinks are delicious, whether hot or cold. Staff are awesome too, really friendly and have your order made quick smart. \nButter Me Up was my go to, then Nutella, but now hooked on Mayan Apocalypse. Yum!!
Everthing we had was good. Service took A LONG time. The food could be hotter (temp.) ours was just warm. I love the unique bacons you can choose. It is a little pricey for what you get.
Horrendous customer service, disorganized staff and processes.  \nHours and hours of your life lost waiting here and not so much\nas a smile.   I hope never to return
It happened to me too. No call no show. Very sad the situation she puts people in. Very sad that I had to show up to my own birthday with no dessert.
A dark lil hideaway for whatever you don't want people seeing you doing in Vegas.
I was really impressed with these burgers. They're a notch above other fast food joints. You usually have to go to a sit down restaurant to get a burger like this, thick juicy and absolutely delicious. The staff was friendly and fast. Make sure you order some Smash Fries!
There was a bit of an issue with the corporate account attached to my stay at HotelRed and Greg (I believe?) at the front desk went above and beyond to solve the problem and make sure my dog enjoyed her stay as well. After a very long day of travel, he made all the difference that night! Thank you!
Always super service, friendly greeting when you arrive and now they have added cherry lime to their drink line up with actual fresh limes to squeeze in!
Soggy bagels, overpriced and inattentive preoccupied service are found here. Plus one for the fact they didn't skimp on the cream cheese.
Good, fresh food.    Large portions.     Reasonably priced.    Great sweet plantains.     Loved every bite.
Terrible Nasty Trashy Place
Love, love, love Los Taquitos!  Their carne asada burro and their quesadillas are stellar.  What's even better is that their prices are so reasonable.  I am never going to Taco Bell again.
Make really sure that whatever money you 'save' by switching over to tmobile is worth the aggravation, and dealing with a store and company who doesn't honor a commitment. Most staff was friendly, but management was not, and refused to make things right....when it would have been easy to do so.
The Mission it's not, but about as good as mexican food will get in Wisconsin, home of cheese curds, bratwurst and brandy.
The best pizza in Middleton. \nUnfortunately. \nIt's good. I just wish it were great.
The ribs are the reason to come to this place. The potato skins were okay, but had spent a bit too long in the freezer. Service is friendly. Ambiance dominated by televisions playing Fox News, which I detest. Lots of room.
They really know what they are doing out there. Chris made the most perfect mule cocktail that I have ever had. They might not have a lot in stock, but they pack a punch with everything
Old Town Scottsdale revolves around this place.  If you visit, have a drink, late night bar hop and enjoy.
the restaurant is NOT open for 24/7!!!!!!! Who wrote that?!!!!!!!!! And I took a taxi just for a closed restaurant
What's a guy doing recommending a woman's fashion boutique?\n\nIn one word \"sexy\".\n\nCarine's carries a great selection of sexy, fashionable woman's wear at the Scottsdale Quarter.
Coffee in a paper cup, and from a pump pot You have got to be joking!. Espresso pretty average, limited seating, dreadful scones.\nBut has a great range of coffee beans.
Pabst on tap, good fresh pizza, great prices.
Loveeeee the gumbo! Nothing else there is good in my opinion.
This place was on the mono rail stop too, so we got off and took a look around.  The casino floor is small, crowded and packed with people.  It's an old property but kept up and clean.  The smoke is more noticeable because of the low ceilings.  This one will stay on the bottom of the re-visit list.
Disgusting Caesar salad barely any lettuce just a bunch of small crutons and nasty cheap  parmesan cheese powder the Italian sub sandwich was delicious just didn't have mayo mustard or Pickles
I heard about this place through my friends. So I decide to give it a try. The food is awesome. \nI had rad nah seafood and it came in huge plate. It was very good and the price very reasonable. \nThe service was great. Overall I had a great experience at sakun thai.
Great place. Love the small, art festival type theaters over the mainstream ones. This one hit on a gold mine in being the only one in Phoenix to show \"Atlas Shrugged.\" Will be back for the future parts.
Pizza's pretty greasy, but the slices are large and could definitely satisfy those drunken munchies.
is there even a dance floor here?  i mean it was like you walked in and then the middle was this skinny little floor for dancing, i guess but it seemed more like a line to the bar...no room what so ever..we went up stairs and danced but i really didn't like the layout.l.
Mediocre sushi, extravagant prices.
The girl at the mall hyped this place up soooo much when we asked her what was it to do in Charlotte. I was disappointed the theater only had a select few movies and I wasn't interested in any of the restaurants that is located there. It was just kind of Blah, but that's just me.
I absolutely love Trader Joe ' and this location is no exception.  It's always crowded but the food is fresh, reasonable priced and the people who work there are always friendly.  The store is pretty clean and sometimes they even have samples for tasting.
Perfect restaurant! Has a mixture of food to satisfy everyone. Burgers are great and the sushi is fantastic.
clean and organize place..  staff is very helpful.. could use more staffs
In Vegas for Labor Day Weekend and decided to try Pin Up Pizza since I've heard so much about it. They have a cool little location at Planet Hollywood. I have to say that it's one of the best pizza places I've had and would definitely be going back for some more.
WTF
Good place to eat if you're a busy on the go kinda person. This is the kind of place I would go to for lunch or a quick snack but not fancy dining, that's for sure. It is what it is. Fast food Asian dining.
Best value for money tex-mex I know of in Charlotte, especially South Park area.\nGreat outdoor seating area.\nSomewhat long wait time due to its popularity.\nService can be a little slow sometimes.
amazing the dbl elk burger is awesome moist burger and gigantic... wish it was closer...
Love this place. Though I use it more for the restaurant inside than the market. From what I have seen the market has great prices on just about everything. The authentic Mexican eatery inside is the main draw to this place for me. As I love their tamales and they are cheap as well. I recommend giving this place a try.
They have the best music band!!!
Had great service but the food was below par. Oysters were not cut off the shell and had to basically tear the oysters apart to get to them. There were 4 of us all together and none of us were satisfied.
Worst Starbucks store in Pittsburgh. There is no management and all of the decent workers end up leaving. I can't get a simple cup of drip coffee without having to wait 5 min in line to order and then another 5 min while the poor idiots figure out how to fill my cup. I'm done!
Friendly, quick, and the best prices in town!
Not quite up to the expectation given that this has 4 stars on yelp, is frequented by lots of Latinos and the half hour wait for a table for two t lunchtime. The guacamole had no flavor and the main dishes were very average. Nice ambience though.
Best bar I've been too in years, heavy metal, rock n roll , country friendly ! Loud music , great staff , good drinks. Love this place!
Not good! I've had better chicken tenders at Jack-in-the-Box. Small portions, no taste. Never again.
Great little place in the style of Japanese izakaya. Try all the different kinds of food on sticks (kushi), especially butabara and teba for an authentic experience. Staff is very nice and attentive. Also, the tofu mousse dessert is not to be missed!
We brought a growler in to be filled and the bartender didn't tighten the cap and used masking tape to seal it.
Cool Place to work, and have great coffee.
Good juice, good prices.
Other reviewer Savannah said it all. I love this place! Great trainers who are always working hard to make sure you get the best workout. It's great to be able to fit it in on my time. Don't forget to stretch!
Renaissance is like a Salvation Army or Value Village with a solid focus on supporting the local community. This one is 3 stories under the weird and wonderful arches of the Plaza St Hubert. It's hit or miss because that's how second hand shopping works, , and I've never had the best luck here but I love it anyway.
FREE Cookie Slice for my birthday for signing up for the E-Club!:-)\n\nA little too much frosting and it was stiff so I assume it had been around a day or two.\n\nI prefer Mrs. Fields' myself!
Good food, awesome staff, the food was really good! \n\nWings are awesome!\n\nFun place to hang out
I really like the atmosphere of this restaurant/brew pub.  The beer selection is pretty good here if you want to try different beers, and their food is pretty good.  I came here for brunch which was average, but I really enjoyed the pizza I ordered on a different occasion.  I would recommend this place as a nice spot to go for dinner.
I love the asiago ranch chicken sandwich with a spicy chicken. The bun was fresh and the chicken tasted like it had just been made. The salads are fresh and un-wilted. The employees are helpful and smile. I like this location a lot.
I'm not sure what make me keep coming back, but I just really dig the place. The staff is friendly, food is made quickly, and it tastes good- guess that does it! I guess you could say I'm a chile-head, and they do a good job making my dishes extra spicy when I ask.
I can not believe how great it is to feel at home. I love this place. The owner is so knowledgeable on culture and current events.
The serving of food is amazing and the customer devices is great, always a great place for lunch or dinner- always leave with a doggie bag
Customer service SUCKS!!!! Don't ask if they have restrooms\" it's not for the public\" but they want you to shop here! Thank Goodness there are other medical supply stores in the area.
Gaspacho - very good, beet soup with goat cheese - mmmmmmmm I can still taste it, Vegas at it's finest!
It looks like all of the bogus orange head 5 star reviews couldn't save this place. I saw that the sign was no longer there and the place was closed for lunch on Friday.
I went here based on the reviews i saw. Which almost all of them were 4 stars. The atmosphere was cute...especially if you have children who like to run around. I found the food to be okay. Nothing special, and really overpriced for what you get.
Poor food and grumpy service. The Hawaiian BBQ place here previously rocked. Save the upset tummy and head over to another option like Kyklos Greek.
Been here twice and got compliments on both haircuts.  Highly recommended.  Will definitely be back.
I heard coworkers say it's such a great Italian restaurant but I'm not impressed , the flavor was lacking and the pasta was definitely not fresh . The service gave this Italian spot 2stars . My family wanted to ask for ketchup for their sauces :( . Well , maybe the pizza is good ?
Food is great. Luch hour is hard to get in and out in 1 hour thats why i dont go as much as i would like to.
The fried fish taco was good. I thought it would be better. The homemade salsa was OK. Very fresh though. The jalapeno marg was pretty good but not worth $9.\n\nThe avocado pasta side was the best part. And I did like the tortilla.
The person here was one of the most unpleasant people I have ever met.  They wanted to charge me $10 for renewing my registration, which I can do at home, FREE.  Next time, I'll just take it somewhere else.
Rice was too dry, service was slow at best and for what we got the price was way to high. The decor was nice though but I can get better sushi from albertsons for a fraction of the cost.
By far the worst pharmacists ever. Aren't they suppose to be helpful? Weird. Don't go here. They are the worst.
Nice atmosphere, the tonkatsu ramen was very good. All their tapas dishes was good for the price. Most of the customers that went to eat there were Asian.  Thats a good sign that the food is authentic. We will definitely come back here again!
No complaints what so ever! \n\nStaff is amazing and very friendly. \nFood is very new & refreshing. \nthe ' pot-o-bread' is adorable & very delish.\n\nGreat place for families!
Steak was horrible. Was hungry, still couldn't eat those burned coals. Raw meat, no marination. all other foods were OK (meh). They get a lot of customers, so you guess what kinda service you might get. over all over-rated restaurant!
Great staff, small store, aggressive pricing, heavy on California surprised us, these are Special Occasion wines-very few \"daily\" drinkers.
Very very noisy on a Saturday night. Limited menu, but reasonable prices. The food is just average. There are many better locations nearby.
AWESOME FOOD!!!  I don't know why I've been in AZ 11yrs and this is my 1st visit  here. AWESOME, AWESOME, AWESOME FOOD!!!
Three words. Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful. Absolutely happy with everything. Very reasonably priced, super friendly, and the food was wonderful. We couldn't ask for anything more, except a location closer to us because we want to make this restaurant a frequent stop!
Items on shelf without prices & mislabeled items. Would have been nice to offer me to come back in & get it at the correct price when called in or perhaps double check the item to see its true price.
Usually empty on Saturdays for lunch. Quick and easy service and the kids love it. There is certainly better Chinese to be had, but for a simple and quick lunch, this place is clean and efficient.
My wife and I tried the vegetarian and reina pepiada arepa.  Both were delicious.  Just the right size and priced right.  Staff was friendly and the place was very clean and comfortable.
I've had 2 deep-tissue massages with Jessica, and she's great.  She clearly has a good understanding of the body and how it works, and was able to give me good advice on additional exercises and stretches to help me with my issues.
Old ass rooms! They are soo cheap here that they turn off the ac every time they clean the room in hot Las Vegas. Our room has a view of plumbing and a wall. Look at pics I posted
This a great car wash! Very clean, gives you a great wash, love that it accepts plastic, nicely lit up. Nothing but great things to say about it. Just wish there was one closer to my home.
Quite a nice place\n\nI really like soe of their burgers which are inventive and offer a new take on a classic dish\n\nBeware the place can be quite busy but has a very nice feel to it \n\nCocktails are good and staff is helpful
Great space. Very dramatic. Food was really good. Potstickers were excellent with a crispy crust. Dynamite chicken was flavorful with the right combination of sweet and spicy.  Service was great. Worth trying. I'd go back
The shaved ice is awesome!! the atmosphere is welcoming and the owners are very good to my kids!! they treat them like family!!! If you have never been in before I highly suggest you try the out!!! I recommend the Pitaya bowl is a must try!!! SUPER healthy!!
OMFG, I love sushi!\n\nSushi bar with TVs, regular dining area, and a section setup for Teppanyaki.\n\nIt's great sushi at a great price.
This used to be one of my favorite places and the coffee and entertainment are still good, but it hasn't been service with a smile recently.  I've sadly decided to check out the other places in this area (and there are plenty).
Another great visit to the Cosmopolitan.\nI love the feel of this place , the dealers are the most friendly on the strip.\nNothing to complaint about other than the housekeeping, a little late in the day and kinda spotty.
Visiting from Cali...this place was clean, staff was friendly & intuitive.  Reasonably priced, easy to find.
Came here for a late night dinner with my husband and his work clients and the food was great! my filet was cooked to perfection and the wine was great as well! everyone seemed to love what they ordered which made the night great. My husband ordered the chicken and even that was tasty! Great menu and our waiter was very friendly and helpful!
Great location at PTC with a small outdoor patio; very nice on a sunny afternoon.  \n\nTheir wine prices are great; buy a bottle at retail price (little to no mark up) and drink it there.  \n\nThey have the BEST Bruschetta I think I have ever had.
Other than being open late to convenience myself and my inebriated friends I didn't like nor dislike this place. It was quite small and looked dirty. The pizza was large enough to share between me and 5 people and to absorb some alcohol. \nIt wasn't horrible.
I was an out-of-towner looking for a good cupcake. Pulled out Yelp and it didn't steer me wrong. The \"glazed donut\" was radical (actually better than a glazed donut).
This may be the worst McDonalds in Arizona.  Poorly designed facility makes it almost impossible to access soft drinks and condiments.  To top it off, the food is usually stale or cold.
The spas ambience is pretty nice for the price ($20/hr). I felt welcomed and greeted with some tea but the quality of the massage is worth only only star. I paid $20 for someone to help lotion me up...that's it.
Just wanted to say thank you to Allen for your awesome build and all your help thanks chairl
Decent option for sushi. I prefer Chaya, but the mountain for two here is not bad at all.
I am really not a fan of this place. I think it is more on the 2.5 star scale. The rolls are filled with too much rice. Th nigiri is OK. I really do not have much to say about this place. It is just eeeeeeeeeeh. Mediocre.
I took my mother here when she was visiting out of town.  She and I both love pizza, and this was by far the worst pizza I've ever had.  It was completely tasteless.  Not sure how I can't give it 0 stars instead of 1.
Just ok noyhing special here. Stay away from the shrimp dry and nasty. The bread is the best part.
One of my fav places. Affordable, consistently good quality salads, soups and such. It's not gourmet, or all organic etc but a reliable place for a vegetarian when you're in the mood to pig out with a big buffet.
It's your average neighborhood bar. But the service is very good. The employees are very friendly. I would recommend it as a place to hangout.
good food but a bit overpriced...
Fun times. The Clubs were super fun there were girls dancing on these nets hanging from the ceiling. Drinks were expensive... but we didn't pay a cover so I suppose it averages out.
This place is horrible. Wait times are bad and the staff is pretty lazy. I gave it 2 stars because there was one older gentleman that was very polite and helpful, other than that, it was a pretty bad experience for my trip to AZ. I guess service can be lowered if you're one of the few points of interest in the area.
I had a caramel cheesecake brownie - ahhh-maaahhhh-zingggggggggg!!!  Texture and flavor was amazing!  I cant wait to go back for more!  The staff was super friendly and gave me some helpful tips for getting around Charlotte!
Had the Pigs in a Blanket thing for breakfast.  They substituted an zen flush Muffin for the bagel..no problem.  Only one complaint...their Bloody Mary's suck.
I can't say enough good things about our experience at Rudy's. The food and service were outstanding. We had a large group and the entire dinner was perfect from start to finish. Thanks to Rudy and his staff for a wonderful experience. We will be back.
They have new people with better attitudes. They now have cinnabons, a new interactive playplace for kids of all ages, and a new pop machine similar to the one at Firehouse subs. Keep it up, BK; great positive changes! This location is in the Frys plaza corner of Ray and Dobson in Chandler
Got some average printing done here a couple of times. I recently noticed they have closed. I go to Think! Graphics on University now.
SO MANY MISTAKES!!!  Stay away from this place and it's doctors!  Don't risk your health and well being!
I like their wings. That's about all that I get here, aside from the fried mushrooms. They deliver, they're fast and they're close to where we live. I think these are the only reasons we try this place out as often as we do.
Good but weird waitresses put labels on ur bottles of orange juice quit smelling my cup to see if it has alcohol in it
Enjoyed a stay-cation, the suite is awesome. Full size refrigerator, 2 person jacuzzi, and the balcony made the weekend amazing.
They are more than happy to take your money. However, they are more than happy to ignore you when there is a problem. The WORST customer service I have ever encountered. When you spend 20,ooo + for new windows and 5000.00 for a new door you expect them to take care of problems. Would never recommend this company.
Food here is out of this world good.  The venue is extremely charming too.  Service was a disappointment.  Couldn't help but get the feeling that we were annoying our waitress just by being patrons.  Speed was fine, food was great, but I don't like apologizing just because I chose to eat in your restaurant.
Great Sushi. They don't offer all you can eat, so it can be pricey, but the fish is extremely fresh. Fun atmosphere.
What a rip off. They give you less than consignment or thrift shops! $5 for a pair of $200 jeans?
The best place for Apple product repairs and troubleshooting. Staff are more knowledgeable on average than Apple Store Geniuses. Great selection of external drives, and prices are very competitive.
We went to dinner and we were expecting lots of seafood and a variety of sushi. Very disappointed and over priced. The salmon was over salted. We tried it and are never going back.
They never disappoint!! The beautiful bacon wrapped hot dog with beans, mayo, onions, and tomatoes is cradled between this bread that could be classified as cloud bread is so satisfying. Me and my girls once traveled the roads in the pouring rain to nourish our Sonoran dog craving, they're that delicious.
The worst restaurant I ever went to! \nTHE want to be called managers is the worst customer service you can ever have.\nIt makes you want to close the restaurants!! F rating!!!!
Really good. Better than anything we have in the Boston area.  Nice folks run the place. Service was fast.  I must have been to a different place than many of these other negative reviews.  I am going back.
If you like pizza, do not order one from Benvenuto's.  Concepts of the dishes are simple and appetizing in theory, just wish they could execute.  Poorly made food and too expensive.  You could do just about as good at Rocky Rococo's to be honest.  Big thumbs down from me.
Not like my neighborhood Manuels. This place was cold, the service was sparse, and the food was horrible. Stay away.
The decor was class and didn't stink like most hookah joints. Staff was extremely friendly and attentive. The hookah was maintain well. (Didn't have to ask for charcoal). Didn't try the food but looked appetizing. Had a great experience will come back!
Karissa is exceptional! Best hair stylist & colorist. I have very difficult hair and she always makes it look amazing!!!!
My review is for the service only. Walked in, sat immediately, and waited 10 minutes before I got up to ask someone for coffee. The waitress told me she was \"too busy, and she would be there when she had a minute.\" Apparently she didn't want our money, or our tip.
Garden Ridge has just turned into a junky flea market.  GAG !!!
OMG!!!!\n\nCome here it's amazing and the staff is incredible and so helpful!  Not your typical ice cream joint.
The staff is nice, but the clothing is super overpriced. $40 for a plain t-shirt? No thanks.
Not sure what everyone sees in these pies. Not worth the money.
We made a reservation two weeks in advance and requested seatings at the counter. When we arrived 30 minutes early we were told the seats were overbooked and we were not allowed seating.  Management gives preference to whomever they like and wales who get priority seatings. Stay away.
Good food, good live music, good service & good prices.\nTry the hot dog with your beer, you wont be disappointed.
Seriously the best burgers in town! I wanted to lick my plate clean. Tater tots and onion rings are cooked to perfection.  Ask for Andrew. He is knowledgeable, friendly, tells great stories and makes a great drink!
Open 24 hours. Our server was great. Food was yumm. I notice they offer varieties of family style meals. Thinking of trying it out the next time were in town.
Very standard as far as buffets go. With a good seafood selection, sushi and respectable dishes (keeping in mind that Mesa is not the culinary Center of United States) I think everyone can put this on their list of \"okay\" places to eat.
I have been trying to get coffee at this place multiple times BUT had no luck since they don't open until late in the day 9am really ....it also seems like a ice cream place than coffee shop. If you are real coffee drinkers wouldn't come here. If you want fabulous pastries and coffee visit coffee bean
This buffet has gone up in price and down in quality. The food was horrible and there was barely anything to choose from. The place is dirty and we even found a hair in the food.
This is a wonderful delicious Mexican restaurant with excellent service.  This is our go to restaurant when we are in town.  The guac is freshly prepared in front of you, and it's the best.  Their portions are quite generous.  We'll return again next time.
To all:\nDis place is not the same anymore dey changed der menus 2 yrs ago & I have never went bak since. Miss the old Bill Johnson's. It's funny & its closed down now!
Always full when I walk in but they are working fast to service people.
Great view, nice service. We had a bottle of cava and a cheese platter at sunset. Perfect.
I wish I could rate this place a half star. I've been waiting in line for 1hr. There are 10 terminals and only 2 people working. There are 20 people behind me and the line hasn't moved in 25 minutes. Will never rent from again.
Beautiful hotel with so many things to do and see and taste and hear.  I love walking through all the shops.  It's very picturesque, just like Caesar's Palace and Forum Shops.  Not quite the same, but similar.  I feel like I'm in Italy.  You can even go on a gondola ride.  Really cool.
I come here to get a nice cup of soup with a slice of fresh baked bread. It makes the perfect light lunch. The cookies, breads, cinnamon rolls, and dessert breads are all so scrumptious when I am in the mood for a treat.
This place was OK, I gave them 3 stars because the service was a little slow and the food was luke warm. \nOther than that, FREE ICE CREAM!
Best Osso Buco ever! Nice intimate atmosphere.  Good selection of wines by the glass.\n\nSole was somewhat tasteless.  Salad tasted like it had canned fruit in it. \n\nCame highly recommended, may have just been an off night.
Dr. Thomas and Dr. Bigler are two of the best in town. From the doctors the staff, everybody is friendly and really makes you feel comfortable. I've had nothing but positive experiences here. Highly recommended!!
Had the Victoria's filet 8 oz. It was delicious as always. The mashed potatoes were not very flavorful though. Could have used some garlic or something. I also got a side of snow crab with my order. The cream was alright. It seemed like it was overcooked and it was kinda dry.
Horrible!! Waited 2.5 hrs and with an appointment. They forgot about us, I had to go remind them we were sitting there. Staff is rude and have an attitude when they talk. I will never go there again and won't recommend it to anyone.
I love Paymon's. The staff are so friendly and personable, the food is incredibly tasty and the atmosphere is so inviting. I love the decor. I recently had their lasagne and it was out of this world for taste and flavor.
Out of the 10 or so times I have tried to call for a cab, not once ever has one showed up in a reasonable time frame, with a few not showing up at all.  The drivers are rude and the cars are dirty.  You are far better off using lyft or uber.
Beautiful by day and night.  Luminaries and Chihuly are a must see!!  Makes for a very nice evening!
This was a delivery order for:\n\nPepperoni Pizza\nHot Wings\n\nPizza the texture and flavor of cardboard. Wings were covered in black pepper. I just do not understand why anyone would order from them other than the fact that they are open late.
Christan is A very talented barber. His barbering skills and customer service is the reason I stopped going to my old barber shop. \n\nHe has VERY flexible hours, I usually get my haircuts at 8pm on weeknights after work.  His availability during these hours are invaluable to me.
More like pooptine. They were out of everything, sad face. There is a fleur de lis on the door though so that was ok.
Under staffed, they took away 3 human jobs and added this self check out, I don't support those things so I use the normal register, hard to find help in this store
Cool atmosphere but the veggie bean burger I got was too salty and didn't taste good...decent fries though.
Alysia wasn't even our bartender and she was very nice, very personable and had outstanding customer service!!!
I got tired of waiting in line with one register open and 10 people in front of me. Won't be back.
Outstanding service, really impeccable.  Seating on time, nice table set ups, lighting could be a little lower but good ambiance, veal dish was spot on, and the ricotta dessert was one of the best I have ever tasted.
Really, its as good as it gets. The food is hot and fresh. The cornbread is awesome and the service is good...I love this place.
Noisy bar not for dining
They do a great job on my dirty car!
Its probably as authentic of a New York (city) style pizza as you will find at 5'oclock in the morning in a place like Tempe that is made by Chaldeans. Floppy, greasy, goodness.
Why is every Ross so messy? I think the company has a certain look they are going for in all their stores that is the\"teenagers bedroom look\" you know just throw the cloths here there and everywhere
We loooooooooooooooooooooooove this place :)
Capital Grill is what is is. A steakhouse chain. It's predictable and classy atmosphere is great for business entertaining. With so many food options here in Phoenix, I certainly wouldn't take an out-of-towner here.
Harold photographed our wedding last year in Charleston. We couldn't have had a better experience! He was able to capture great candid shots along with posed family portraits. I would highly recommend him for your wedding or portraits.
Good food selection and cut space.  Nice patio when the wether is cooler.  I had the orange drop and shared a selection of  bruschetta. Everything was very good.
I went to El Segundo Sol for the first time with a large group last weekend.  We were seated in a private room in the back.  Our servers were good and efficient.  The Margaritas were tasty and the food was fine.
Pretty big club, they were playing mostly house music.  Hmm... the lines at the bar were crazy!  The line to get into the club is not organized at all.  Bouncers were okay... they showed us some love.... Overall it was cool
Teriyaki chicken was disgusting. I had heard good things about this place. I was terribly disappointed. I won't ever go back.
As my first Cirque du Soleil show. It was kind of disappointing. \n\nThe show really needed a storyline. Annoying baby and a wondering snail just doesn't due it. \n\nI kept asking everyone else if their other shows were like this. The others are better. Pay the extra money.
Pretty crowded place....burger was alright.....service was alright. Nothing special, really
This is our favorite family resturant. Food is great, service is always perfect and the atmosphere allows us to bring our children on a regular basis. Thanks John for making this our neighborhood restaurant.
Not much to look at inside, the building is deceiving from the out side I thought there would be a lot more to look at. Walked and read the whole place in 30-45min
This place is awesome!!! Go see Amy!!! She can do any pic you bring and match it perfectly!! I'm so happy I finally found somewhere where do good nail art!!!
Yummy spicy food - reminds of chinese food in India. Really good food and  ambiance, service ok but can be better.
This company sent me to collections for services I never received. I have no idea how they got my information! They did nothing to help me resolve it.
I'm giving them 4 starts based off of the staff. Nicest people around. I have had there sandwiches and pizza. Both were OK.
Very rude uncalled for service the food was excellent though and that's why i gave two stars. The waitress (lady) outback serving the tables on Memorial day by the bar outside really needs to check her attitude. In the future I will give this place a second try.
Their wraps are pretty good. Menu is small, but almost everything on it is good.  Located right next to the courthouse (as the name suggests) so it's very convenient for those that work there.  \n\nStaff is friendly and polite.
Delicious and healthy food just like your momma's.
I have enjoyed this slice of heaven but now that changes are being made, I'm looking for a new place. I don't appreciate feeling hustled like I'm at a gym haggeling on a contract. All my favorite teachers are gone so I'm calling around hoping to find them.
I ate here based on a recommendation and the food was great. It was very authentic and seemed to be a locals place, which is always the best. The food was good and it came out very fast, The prices are very reasonable as well, especially as an escape from the high prices of the strip. I highly recommend this place.
Amazing lunch deals!  Get the Spicy Tuna bowl set!  The best I've ever had!
Although it's pretty much brand new, it seems to be going down hill a bit because of the constant staff changes. I try to get there every couple of weeks and there seems to be an entire different staff every time!
My husband and I dined at Red's Bar and Grill and we did not enjoy our food. The regular soft drinks did not taste right, either. Our service was slow and it seems this restaurant is dying.
Best pizza ever! Gotta have ricotta! Always on the hunt for great pizza and I typically don't like chain restaurants but this is honestly the best ever. New York style with a thin crust, not greasy at all, and the service is great. Always going back to Grimaldi's.
Maybe this place is good for conventions/meeting space, but it's not built for concert/music venues.  I guess I'm used to raised stadium seating at concerts.  The problem at the Veil is if anyone sits in the row directly in front of you, they completely block your view of the stage.
Burger ok but not a 7 dollar burger.  Truffle mayo didn't work and I tasted it all night.  Burger was dry and over cooked.  Getting out of the parking lot is a challenge.  Sam P.
People here are great! More than willing to help you with anything you need!
The selection seemed thin @ the time we went, around 2 on a Thursday.  The dessert section was well stocked.  The Mexican section seemed very generic (reminded me a bit of cafeteria food from high school) still left full, but would but be interested in trying somewhere else first.
Came a few times on lunch break- you can call it in and it will be ready when you arrive! Great service, also there frequently on groupon! You have to have the salt and vinegar chips!
I have eaten here a number of times. The food is always excellent and plenty. Service is personal, friendly and efficient. One of my favorite local places.
I hate Zuma! They are always crazy crowded!  the space is so awkwardly shaped moving around or getting to the bar is nuts.  This past weekend  the line for the ladies' room was horrendous because they only had one working stall. Boo!
You just can't beat the lunch special. $5.95 gets you a rice entree (there's 22 choices), an eggroll, a soup, and a drink. I've read that the Thai is what this place is known for but the Mon-Fri deal just can't be beat!
Lamb was tough, chicken was dry, the sauces were too oily.  Decently flavored sauces and the soup was very nice, but I won't be back.
Food is decent but service is horrible at the St Rose/Eastern store. They don't listen to any of your requests. Then when we asked to have it fixed, they told us we needed to ask for it when we ordered, which we did. Just not worth the hassle. Go somewhere else.
This place rocks!  I have been to several locations and the food is nothing short of great.  It looks like food from a high end restaurant but the price is very lunch worthy.
Bad service place needs a good cleaning or new Management!
Local Starbucks, clean, and a friendly staff. The hot spot works well for my IPhone.
Great calzones and salads.
Whenever you are planning a trip to Vegas, you owe it to yourself to use the services of Good Times VIP.  \n\nGreat relationships with all the hot spots in Vegas gets you treated to a true VIP experience. \n\nAwesome concept, perfectly executed!
This is a good museum to visit if you are passionate about cars, plus it's free. A lot of beautiful cars to look at, but the only downside was the smell of fuel and oil from the backroom (which must be for the morning tours). Other than that, plenty of interesting merchandise and information related to their brand.
Really enjoyed this place. The chicken and waffles was an awesome new take on a usually heavy dish. The potatoes were crisp and flavorful. The waffles with berries on them were heavy but I'm just not a big fan of so much berry syrup on a waffle. Otherwise great find, will be back.
Come here for breakfast!!! It is nothing fancy but if you're looking for a great meal for a nice price Tryon House is the place to go. Get there early because this place get busy on the weekends for breakfast.
Saw G Force in 3D here tickets were $10.50 so average. Theater was big, clean and had very good sound. I was happy. Theres a food court right before you come in so bring a big bag and buy your food before you come in. Did I say that?
This is a good location with speedy service, the only reason that this is not a five star review is because some of their employees are not up to par. The cost of the food to the amount that you get is great for your value. I can get out of there for less than $7.
Thank you local Yelppers helping us find this gem on the way to the airport from Red Rocks. Staff very friendly, gnocchi rich and flavorful and Due Forni pizza delicious. Wine by the glass spectacular. Please open a branch in Lancaster, Pennsylvania.
Very good food.  While in Vegas, I will eat here again and again.   Service was average at best yet for me the food was well worth the slower service.   Please know coming in the service is slower and please do not expect the world.
Went to get the D-back special, three of them to go for my family.  Taco Bell wouldnt do it this time, even though they did it every time last year.  Pretty much done with taco bell at this point.
Skip this place http://www.redmountainteaparty.com/actionitems/517meeting.html\n\nDisgusting
Appetizers are 4 stars pretty good for Asian food. The entr\u00e9e are blegh :( tried it twice and both times the noodles tasted oily and beef was gamey. In the end I will not return except happy hr.
I enjoyed the view of the street from a comfy pea-green chair while munching on a delightful cordon bleu wrap.  I guess they use some sort of panini grill to seal these wraps tight, and said grill has a \"wrap city\" logo on it!  Cute.
Really bummed!! Yelp reviews made me want to try everything! We were staying at a nearby hotel and had our shuttle give us a ride to this place to find out they weren't serving food even though the hours posted were until 12:00 am on Saturdays & we arrived at 11:20 pm. Very disappointing!
Basic greek menu, gyros and a few entrees were good. If you like falafel do yourself a favor and don't order here. Found it mushy and tasteless, worst I've ever had,  was served with tzatziki sauce, not tahini sauce as it should be.
Ate there tonight.  45 minutes after I left, I threw it all up in the bathroom of a nearby store.  Instant food poisoning.\nI had zero to drink - zero!
Some of the worst Thai I've had in Charlotte. Which is sad, I really wanted to like it.
Pretty cool little biker bar.  Food was good typical bar portions with pretty standard bar.  It has a very large outside patio which I am sure make it the go to spot in the Arizona summer heat.
Peanut Sauce Lover, Pork, Extra Spicy - it's the best and I can't find it anywhere else! Almost worth the road trip...
Everything was great until I opened up the strawberry jam from the cheesecake to find mold.\n\nPretty disappointing they would let that go out of the kitchen
I'm no expert on Jamaican food but despite its humble appearance, they serve some delicious food here, from the Jerk Chicken to the curries to the fish dishes, hard to go wrong.
cant love a chinese place any better. I find myself always wanting to come here. And if i were to go somewhere else i would feel like im cheating on them. Sesame beef with extra garlic is my thing! my family likes to come here too
The spices on the burger was too heavy. Yikes!
XS was probably the best night club inVegas that i've been to, and that was on a monday!
They did a horrible job. Not recommended.
Last minute Xmas eve...went for manicure and jack told me they're already closed but I insist to do my nails done for Xmas and he said ok come in!! And he did a good job!!
Update: They are also anti-vegetarian!
they have the best food and the greatest mushroom soup ever. sadly, they are so damn crowded! ahahahahaha.
On my drunken conquest to visit my very first all nude strip club, our cab driver suggested this place. We pulled into the parking lot, saddled up with our driver, and at 5:45am, we were told the place was closing at 6am and that they were not allowing any more clients for the evening. BOO!
The store is one of the best in the city. They have a terrific selection of organic and natural produce and meats. The staff is always super friendly from the stockers, to the checkers and all.
Superb Coffee shop. Very nice place, great bakery goods, excellent coffee, and also always has reliable wifi.
The first good Indian food I've had! I think I'm now a fan!!!
Great place for Sushi in Goodyear! Go during happy hOur to save a ton of money!!!
I didn't even know this was here. Really nice employees very energetic and polite. Fast service have a good amount of toppings not cheap on it like some subways
Fast Service - Good Food
Not bad quick and easy!! I had a sub and was pretty good and tasty
Aweful experience.  Couldn't get anything right from our sandwiches to coffee to a water cup. It pains me to say, but I will never go to this Dunkin Donuts again. If I could give them 0 stars I would. Fire everyone and start again. Never felt so bad for spending my hard earned money.
I can't imagine finding more generic and bland chinese food if I searched for a year. This makes Pei Wei look gourmet.
This is my local repair shop. Yep he is a grouchy old man but his work is excellent and quick. Got a flat ? By the time you walk to 7-11 and back he will have you on the road.
7 min before a server came to our table ...ill update once I actually get my food ...if I ever do
Food prices are reasonable and the food quality is excellent.  However, service has been a little spotty both times.  Place is a little unorganized when it comes to seating and checking out.  However, as said the food more than makes up for the minor inconveniences.  And yes there is complimentary soup when dining in.
Horrible!   The prices were ridiculous! \nThis place won't be open much longer.  No wonder we were the only people in there!
Yummy, love that they integrate local ingredients.  Lunch menu affordable.
I had a terrific late night dinner last night at Durants after the Greg Stanton Mayor event.  The staff was great and the food and drinks were terrific.  If you have not been to Durants before you need to try it atleast one time I promise you will be a fan.
Great Place to rent Storage. Tiera, specifically, impressed me with the follow-up and way she accomodated my specific situation. Man, they are ON IT! :)\n\nThey aren't indifferent to getting your business! Go visit them to see what they can do for you. Great place.
Went to the \"Cookies and Canvas\" event for parents and kids. Only one complaint ---no cookies! How can you call it Cookies and Canvas and then give out prepackaged rice krispy treats? Weird.
About as mediocre as you can get.  Mechanical bull/ sports bar/ loud music/ etc.  Bland, boring American cuisine.  There are plenty of better options in Las Vegas.
It's been a while since I've been here and the menu has changed.....not for the better! Menu seems more mainstream now - and no potato pancakes!
Went for my Bday and the service was excellent but the food is another story. The food is not worth what u pay. Bill came out to $250 for two. Had a ribeye, pork, bone marrow, and two glasses of wine. Save your money. Go to Bobby Flays for a better steak and price.
Ok I purchased a replacement plan from target and they said go to apple for thr headphones because apple guarantees their product for a year always.
Terry and her crew are the best, i loove how they make you feel like family every one is so welcome and super energetic, I'm on week two and i can already feel the difference, they know how you body works and adjust the work out for you! Best place hands down!
The food was great at first but the last two times I ordered bean and cheese burritos they were cold...so cold the cheese was not melted. I do hope they correct this soon.
EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE!! I was in and out in 2 hours with my awesome new Camry. I worked with Glen and Nick and they know how to get the deal done. I really felt great about the car buying experience and will definitely buy my next car from this dealer.
Service was...not good!  Very slow, had to keep asking for things and took forever to get them. The salads were very good, but everybody's pasta was not cooked all the way and nobody enjoyed their meals. Bummer
This places serves one of the best Mexican sea food dishes I've ever had! \nGreat service!
It is a good alternative to BassPro and a much shorter drive for me. The selections are a bit limited but for the most part I can find what I need. Since they have renovated the store their hunting supplies have increased a little but would like to see a bit more.
Even before learning about the proprietor's negative feelings toward the gay community, I thought these donuts were mediocre and way over-hyped.
Food was okay, drinks were really good! The place was really loud but big enough to move to another side of the bar if it gets to loud.
Stick with Popeye's. \n\nI ordered fried okras and the quality was not that great. I thought I was chewing on gum. The chicken had tons of fatty parts.
Nice park with lots of things to do.  Batting cages, indoor wave pool.  Nice place to take my grandson to play.  They recently added some new things to climb and jump on.
I have been in for brunch a few times and enjoyed the food a lot.  I ordered the steak and eggs which was awesome.  I would recommend the breakfast sandwich as well. Service has always been nice but can be slow at times.
Swanky outdoor shopping plaza. Loved Sur La Table and the Vic's Secret. Nice grounds and fun to stroll around while enjoying a Starbucks. Trying to park was horrendous though!
Great service, free pastries with bacon bits inside. Beef wellington steak is cooked perfectly and highly recommended.
The food is pretty decent, and so is the service. Very small portions. The items were a bit off key, some were not balanced with flavors (either too bland, or too overpowering). I'd have to think before I go here again, though the ambience and decor are nice.
Loved this place! Went there yesterday evening with my boyfriend (who is a bit of a food snob). The food was great and the service was outstanding. We will definately be visiting again.
Not worth the extra bucks. Seafood was good, fresh snow crabs & oysters. But asian food section sucked big time.
Nice large restaurant with a huge bar area.  Award winning pizza and great prices on pitchers of craft beer on Sundays!
The only full service car wash near my house.  Same price as all the others.  Little slow but there was great attention to detail.  Nice job.
The only thing fast about this fast food joint is the employee turnover.\n\nLong waits in line and understaffed by people who don't want to be there.\n\nTruly dreadful.
Came here on a Saturday night. We waited about 20 minutes. Seated promptly and served great tortilla chips with equally good salsa. Didn't get our place settings until after our food came out, but the server was wet courteous.
Service was horrible, craw fish wasn't worth the money. Meal not served all at once. Half our party of 8 did not get their food until after the other was finished. All in all I give it a minus one star, if you went that lw. Refills of bev r ages was non existent.
Gelungenes Ambiente mit guten Tapas, die das Geld wert waren. Die Bedienung war zuvorkommend, ein gelungener Abend.
last one got flagged so ill keep this one simple this place has gone straight into the gutter it is no longer a nice place to grab a bite to eat got rid of all the stuff i liked and the food has downgraded. Wouldent eat here way to many other places in the area to get a good bite to eat
Don't waste your time and money. The odds will always be against you. There is one serving attendant for the entire casino I think!
Much better than expected. Large portions. I only ate half my omelet! Got enough for lunch.
Never again. A few years back I was treated with horrible service. We approached the owner about it and he treated us like crap too. Boycotted this bar for 2 years and tried it again. once again they prove to be a-holes. There are plenty of Friendly bars that will appreciate the business.
A regular haunt for pizza and occasional brunch.  Proper delicious non greasy Italian pizza.  Tasty pasta. Nice service. Good banter.  Last time we went, they had super tasty organic Sicilian lemonade that the waitress recommended to us.  On sunny days you can sit outside.  Thumbs up!
Terrible thai food. Don't venture past the pad thai.  Not cheap either.
Not inside planet holllywood, in the mall. Cilantro lime sauce is pretty tasty. Recommended for a quick, inexpensive bite to eat in Vegas.
Tried this place out recently and found the food to be fresh but not a lot of flavor.   The hot sauce was very good though.   The chimichanga was the best.   The Tacos and burrito were ok but the chicken was a little dry.  I would go back to try again.  The staff was friendly.
This restaurant was spectacular! They serve heaping proportions and the customer service is second to none.   We ordered the chili verde and lobster omelet. The warm banana nut bread mets in your mouth. Highly recommended eatery.
The service is rude here. They are impersonal and impolite. The food is ok, nothing outstanding but not horrible. They have really good crab ragoons, and their jjajangmyeon is the best you'll find in champaign. In short: food is decent but service is horrible.
Amazing pizza and wings!!!  Very impressed!  \nWas not loving the service :( it wasn't terrible but it wasn't any better than ok. Not friendly and they forgot the wings. \nRestaurant was clean \nPrice was great quality was higher price quality!!!  \nWill come back
Employees were great, hotel room (studio) was amazing for the price. Full kitchen with a full-size coffee maker and all the things to go with it. Dishes, coffee mugs, creamer etc. The bed was really comfortable. It was overall a very good experience.
Best corned beef hash I've ever had, and I'm 43 and raised around delis. Everything was absolutely delicious.  Nothing needs condiments,  but they have a curry ketchup that is amazing.  The service is great, and the prices are almost unbelievably low for Scottsdale.
Great food, great service & a nice clean dining area! I would definitely go back when I'm in town!
Ok, but not as good as San Tan Marketplace one. I had the \"poncho villa\" and it's basically a red chili burro. Was a little to bitter for me, but wife loved it.  Next time I'll stick with tacos & enchiladas.
Bagels are the only decent thing they sell here .. I'm very suprised they didn't get closed down for being filthy in the kitchen and serving spoiled salads . Wow , they have a bar now , big deal . Is this a bagel store or a bar ... Should focus on one thing .
It's not ok to have me wait in the front of the building for my meal after waiting in the drive through 10 minutes to order and pay for it.
The music sucks! Dj was really bad. Bunch of guys and not enough females. Dance floor too crowded
I got my oil change and they didn't change my oil filter just left my original!!  Just found out when I went to my regular oil change place.  Don't visit this place.  No integrity.
I love their pizza! Wings! & service! I went here with boyfriend who is a very picky eater. Shockingly he ate and loved everything we got there! Definitely a place I recommend! Good deals. Pizza is huge! Can't wait to go back.
Movie was great. Theatre was not crowded...seats were comfortable, and my feet didnt stick to the floor.
Love CB&TL's Blueberry Pomegrante ice blend. This location had it, made it, was great, I was happy.
Its sophisticated and trendy. The kind of venue I'm always looking for to host film industry events.
$3.50 for a cup of tea????? I know this is Vegas, but I didn't realize hot water was a commodity.
Went with my mom, we were really excited to try this new place out.  Nothing was exactly bad, but nothing was very good, either.  Uninspired salad, mediocre meatball sandwich, ok Italian beef sandwich.  The guy at the counter was nice, though.  I will probably not return.
Great pies!! Go there during happy hour and save a lot of money. The desserts are very good also.
Typical Wendy's would have been better if there was friendly staff however they were polite just no smiles
The coffee was just ok but the Crepes make up for it. Many varieties of very tasty Crepes.\n\nBest thing about this place is you can order your Crepe from the street like a food truck, watch them make it, and be on your way.
It's a good location, the suites are a good size with great Strip views from the balcony. Service is really slow but all else was fine with our stay!
I take my car here because I trust them, get good estimates and price matching. I love the fact they garuntee their work and have a warranty. THe staff is very willing to answer any questions and work within your budget.
This place ROCKS! Everything is GREAT! Nice Atmosphere Stays open later than most places during a week night!
Not sure if they are closed for business but none of my calls were returned when I left a few VM's. Will update this if they ever do call back.
Average Chinese food. Seemed like small portions but it was actually more than enough.
service was ok, food was so badly cook, so oily, and the ingredients are not fresh. But if you are drunk and hungry, this is the place for you
I have eaten here twice.  Both times the food was delicious.  I appreciate the atmosphere and decor which both are inviting.  I would say that I typically find the service a bit slow despite never being busy when I am there.  They have good gluten free options and their servers are knowledgeable which is a huge plus in my opinion.
Very good food! The service was great and the staff is very friendly. I highly recommend to anyone looking for great food and great service!
Just made it back in to give it another shot. I just had to make it on here to say that I had a very nice Jimmy Johns experience. The sandwich had some meat on it. The service was great and served up very fast!
Easily locatable with buildings all around.\nIn the day time, food is easily accessible (night time, it's a little more difficult). There's a Starbucks and a bar within the hotel for some relaxation.\nVery attentive staff and gorgeous conference areas.
Finally this place is closed down. I was really tired of my friends dragging me to this \"cool\" club. It's not cool. It's not VEGAS. It reminds me of a club in TJ, but TJ is much cooler.
Anthony did an amazing job! He fixed up my hair after I damaged it pretty bad, it looks so awesome now! I highly recommend seeing him! This is definitely one of the best haircuts I've ever gotten.(:
Great experience would defiantly go back and recommend to friends and family the delivery was right on schedule and the\nDelivery persons were polite and respectful. Over all like I said a great experience
I'm a diamond tr. And VIP check in was closed but the front desk line was long but put me to the front of the line . They were very nice upon check in. \nThe staff here is outstanding and friendly.\nMy room was so simple contemporary.
The grand opening was a lot of fun.  Good mix of ages.  I liked the outside bars and patio areas.  Unisex bathrooms are a kick.  Friendly staff.  They should have a good run.
Best burger anywhere.  A Pittsburgh landmark.  The best hostess -- charming, firendly, makes everyone feel at home and as if you are her only concern.  The burgers are the highest quality meat, cooked to perfection.
It use to be decent when they first opened, like most places they start to fall off. The wings where awful, taste like they been sitting in old chicken grease and the prices went up, I give them two thumbs down.
VIPnVegas really is awesome.  You get exactly what you pay for, and it is worth every cent.  If you were to pay for everything separate, including gratuities, you would probably be paying the same prices, but would also have to wait in lines.  I always recommend.
I only come here because I LOVE their beer, but I could care less about the food, I do order their \"klnda\" pizza from time to time. Come here with a group of friends or to watch hockey games at the bar.
This is my favorite Trader Joe's store.  Love the layout and the employees. It also helps that most of the gents that work here are very easy on the eyes.
Best ever made from scratch Mexican food on the planet!!! My in laws have been coming here since Rito's opened in Phoenix!!!
I got what I expected when I went to this restaurant......above average deep dish Chicago style pizza. I really liked the atmosphere of the sports bar/pizza joint. This would be a great place to go to watch the game. All in all the food is good, but slightly overpriced in my opinion.
The food does not have the good Italian taste that we have become so accustomed to in the area. Our party had 5 adults and all had something different, all we're not satisfied, none will return here. Don't waste your money and time. Nice building and location to bad!
This is the best Mexican food ever. Really cheap too. Just go and get the Mini-Chimis, they are an appetizer, but all you need. Margaritas are excellent as well.
Brian and Mike provide excellent service and simply put, I trust them.  They recently put a Jasper engine in my Yukon XL which I've wanted to give a second life.  Also, had work done on my 6.0L Power Stroke.  In both cases, the work was excellent and delivered on time.
I was not satisfied with my order at all I got cheese sticks and by the time they got here they were cold plus the salad wasn't even that good. Not doing that again!
Typical patrons bros, management team bunch of bros and droid up with ed hardy tattoos. Should you go there, unless you are into that do not go. There plenty other good places around
Great pizza great service.  This location is the smallest one compared to their other locations. \nI always have a great experience eating at any of their locations.
It seems like some people in North Scottsdale have low standards? The place is overly crowded I cannot understand why it's not that great. I ended up getting sick after eating here, not just me but my boyfriend too. Oh well, I gave it a try several times only because the location, I will make the drive to find something else.
Huge burritos for $7. Enough for 2 people.  Fresh and tasty!  Plus very friendly service.  I prefer going here vs the Taco Bell in front of them :)
Not very impressive ... tables and floor dirty .. I spilled accidentally and staff watched as I cleaned up with no offer of help.   Left sticky residue and nobody would wipe down properly
Terrible service and dishonest. I was charged twice for the same pizza and when I called to order next time and spoke to manager Brittany, I was basically told there was nothing they would do and I must be lying. I was promptly hung up on by Brittany. I strongly suggest taking your business somewhere else, the pizza was just so so anyway.
Moist brisket and pork ribs are solid and some of the best I've ever had.  But that's it.  The sides are borderline offensive.  So it's hard to go there unless I want nothing but a plate of meat.
Disappointed! Was told to come at 6 am for boxes from the manager and went to get them and they said \"we don't have any sorry\" kind of rude!
Newly remodeled and service is friendly and available. They don't price match. I was told they will only price match their own webiste.
An unfriendly staff!\n\nMy second time visiting this store.  Again they declined to sell my item, a designer jacket new with tags. \n\nThey have lots of rules about what they will sell. I will not go back.
Horribly slow .......ICE let the amigo's out of jail so we can get a good car wash
Parsley was always one of my favorite places until today. I was just about to order the beef tagine ( which is one of my favorite dishes) until I looked down and saw it sitting in a pan all dried out. It looked awful. So disappointed. Probably won't be back.  :(
Enjoyable all around but it's LOUD. Fodo is all surprisingly very good here. Almost as good as the beers!
I think you guys need more stuff working at this location I was waiting about  40 min to get the food and also food wasn't any good
Service was slow and horrible. Got the steak and eggs.  Steak was half fat. Waiters response was \"Oh!  We have a new supplier\". He didnt take it back and charged us any way. Eggs were cold. Stay away from this place for eating. Bar looked happening.
Cool server. The place was full of Scottsdale  douchbags and way to over priced hints all the douchbags. Hey if douchbags is your thing then this is the place for you.
For the few rides they have it not worth the price the wave pool had junk in it like band aids and food wrapper in it the clean place in there was the bathroom
This place is new so maybe I will try again, but for now I will say service was bad, food was eh ok. Prices are high, not a good combo!!
It's Vegas!  But one of my least favorite airports.  It just doesn't seem to have that Vegas feel anymore and it always takes me longer to get though.   I will say I away seem pretty happy to get there and very very happy to leave there!  Wonder why that is? :)
I've been here a couple of times with a group of people at an off time. The experiences I've had were fine. The service was good, food is decent, a little bit more than what I would like to spend for the amount that I get, but is a solid change to add in your repertoire of restaurants for lunch.
An overall great experience!  Really good food, and very friendly staff.  They missed a couple things on the order, but went out of their way to make it right.\n\nClean store, nice staff - an overall 5 star visit!
The food and service were actually very good. The biggest problem was that for a higher end place there was virtually no dress code. Several people in shorts, flip flops, and Hawaiian shirts were at the bar and came in for dinner. Vintner Grill needs to decide what type of restaurant it is.
the pulled chicken is tender but needs something more, more than the sauce provided.  baked beans are outstanding, as is the sangria.  look fwd to exploring rest of menu. well done, big earl...
Shame. Very convenient location but one of their stylists likes making inappropriate comments about your family. So I'm never going back.
The performers were good had me laughing.  The drinks were good, would go back again.  The environment needs to be updated, different color would be nice.  The chairs were mismatched.  Looked like left overs from different parts of the hotel.
Do not mimic someone if they can hear you on the speaker.  Other then that chips are stale but tacos good.
My husband I frequent this very intimate restaurant. We enjoy sharing the se\u00f1or taco, which always leaves us with delicious leftovers. We have not found another Mexican restaurant around here with quality food and GREAT prices!
LOVE that they have a Coffee Bean here. Super convenient when staying at the Palazzo! But seems more expensive than other Coffee Beans? $5+ for a regular iced latte. Oh well, like I said, it's convenient.
Always love this place. Friendly people and although parking can be a little tricky its no big deal. Alli took my hair from past my shoulders to a pixie cut and did a fantastic job! She always listens the exactly what I want and works with me until I'm perfectly happy.
Adam has tinted the windows in my home as well as my toy hauler and the work is top notch. He has more choices when it comes to different shades of tint compared to other companies I've hired in the past. He is a trustworthy and nice guy, I won't go to anyone else for tint services.
The food is good. Margarita is good but a bit weak. Getting something better than the house may be different. All together a good experience.
Pretty ordinary Dennys, didnt make it to the pancake special though dang it.\nQuite convenient to where we stayed at, motel 6.\nNot good nor bad, just Dennys.
Excellent food and large family style portions, my favorite is the veal parmesan. Been here numerous times and they get really busy, not always the best service and is pretty pricey.
management changed and quality and service have deteriorated. decent ambiance.
First off, the pizza was FABULOUS!!! Second, our super sweet cashier Ariam was such a doll and had EXCELLENT customer service!! Yay her(: we will deff be back and would totally recommend this location to others!!!
Love it! Only reason why I cant up 5 stars is because there's been multiple times when I've entered the shop and NO ONE bothered to say greet me. I love the drinks tho.. I got an awesome groupon too just because i love my boba from there!
Terrible customer service. Was denied the option to return items out of return window that was easily taken back and reimbursed at an alternate location. Was not allowed to talk to a manager when requested.  Disappointed this represents the LOFTs brand.
This used to be my favorite Chinese restaurant near downtown now they raised their prices and are charging for bland fried rice for lunch and the soup looks like a bowl of snot! I will not be back!!
This is a decent  breakfast /brunch /lunch spot with tons of choices on the menu. I normally get a breakfast burro thing which is really filling, and comes with salsa. They have 3 different flavors of hot sauce, which I always enjoy. The patio is nice when the weather is good, however the chairs are somewhat uncomfortable.
1st time customer get discount!!! very friendly staff, clothes came out smell clean and fresh because of the signature scent
Among the best Old Fashioneds I've ever enjoyed.  I really hope this place gets the support it deserves.  Amazing location!
Place is terrible. One person signs in online and brings a whole family so I can wait over an hour. I will never go to this junk hole of a place ever again.
This place is great! First timers, had the shrimp relleno and it was delicious! The only complaint I have is that they charge for chips and salsa which are cheap. Other than that it was fabulous! Mejico ---- suck it up for chips and salsa. Try it!!
The sushi was good but I was expecting a better experience from what i had heard. Decor/ambience not up to the price level.
just say no.\n\nthis place is truly awful. \ntoo bad it's taking up valuable space on monroe.
Hmmm...same menu safe, chef.....but it seemed like the ingredients weren't the same as Gallo Blanco.  I still love the salsas but i think i will keep going to GB and deal with the overwhelming crowd.  \n\nLoved the art mural!
Why is the service so slow? We never had so much wait with any other rentals in any other place. This was my first and last time renting a car with them. Still waiting :(
I love this Port of Subs! The staff is very friendly and make me feel at home. Everything is very neat and clean and I always get what i want. I have been going here for several years now and the staff changes pretty often but everyone is always nice. I would recommend this place over any other locations.
I am a big fan of Thrifty Pet! Nathalie is sweet and easy to work with. They are reasonably priced and take great care of my dog whenever she is there. I had taken her to Petco and Petsmart and was always disappointed. I am thrilled to find a local business to support!
Put mayo on my burger after I asked for none. How hard is it to not do something?
Went for brunch.  BLT is insane.  The simple good egg breakfast...excellent.  The coffee is worth the trip alone.  It's roasted in Cave Creek and is tasty.\n\nLots of outdoor seats.\n\nGive it a shot.
Slow service. Took 50 minutes from arrival to being served. It was 12:30 PM, asked for breakfast menu, never brought it. Had to get it myself. Asked for child booster seat; never brought it. Only 10% of the seats were filled, so it wasn't because they were busy.
Go after midnight and pay $2 per game.  Wow!
Their main goal is to rip you off. They say things like, \"if you know anything about cars, you KNOW you've gotta do (insert extra crap here)\". I will never go there again; the way they relay their information is like talking to a sleazy salesman.
Service was not so great, it seems like they are not too well organized for how busy they get. However, the menudo was really good! After I tasted the food, I guess some of the wait was worth it.
Great meal i had the chicken schnitzel and the best apple strudel ever. Good atmosphere great service.
Great service and plenty of seating, open on Sunday,  plenty of choices for the pickiest of kids to eat.  Close to the performing arts center.
This place is pretty cool. Great atmosphere and good food. Their service is hit or miss, sometimes it's good other times they kinda forget about you. I go back because I really like their food.
I love Michael V! So happy to have this talented in charge of my hair!
I had a salad and it was only around $4.  I'm big into value and let me tell you I took half of it home.  It wasn't the best salad that I've ever had but I wasn't disappointed.  I would return just for the pricing and portions!
I got the pork sisig and i had them make it again because the first time it was bitter and i was thinking it was because it was burnt but the second dish was the same thing so i don't recommend the dish unless they change the recipe and maybe add more vinegar to it.
Justin was awesome. He arrived early to my appointment, was incredibly friendly and cool, and got the job done amazingly. My never-been-cleaned carpet looks FANTASTIC now! I definitely recommend Elite's services and will use him again when the time comes. Thanks again, Justin!
Nice open salon & friendly staff! Stylists seem knowledgable & all chairs were filled! Great sign
Great value for your hard earned dollars and if you get coupons, it is even better. You even get a drink with the each ticket. Very entertaining!
I am part of a Honda family. We all take our Hondas here. I have been doing business with Honman for more than seven years.  The service is first rate.  The pricing is far better than the Honda dealer.  This is where you can actually tell your friends that you have an awesome mechanic.
Tacos not as big as presumed. But the tortillas are amazingly fresh and they are packed with filling and toppings. Disappointed they didn't have a pollo taco. But asada good.
Most. Expensive. Steak. Ever. \n\nFor that price, I wish I could have seen them kill the cow or something? I mean it was good.. but was it THAT good? Hmm.. nope.  Have I had better for less?? Hmm.. Yep.
Good large portions but I thought it was a little over-priced.
Fun and campy (on purpose). If you are willing to take the whole thing lightly you will have a blast. If you have very specific ideas about sex and sexuality you might feel more comfortable elsewhere. \n\nMy group had a blast. Lots of laughs.
Hey, have you heard of Sauce's summer special? One pizza, one salad, and two glasses of wine for $20! \nYes please!\nThis special and place makes it for a fun, affordable, casual date spot. I'll definitely be returning here quite a bit during the summer months.
We went to Claim Jumper after an IMAX movie with another couple just for dessert.  They got us right in.  I have a nut allergy and could not eat any of the desserts because they contained nuts.  The only thing I could eat was a sunday and it was nasty.  Oh and not impressed with the coffee.
Very impressive and friendly staff.  The ox tail pho is amazing, only spot I know in Vegas that serves it.\nSince finding this spot in summerlin we have brought out of town visitors to try it out.  \nWould definately recommend and will continue to bring visitors to try this spot out.
I wanted to see a black pig, but all they had was a pink one... Dx I still liked seeing the animals though :)
Awesome taste. Best thai food ever had. Penang Chicken and Chilli Mint Chicken are BEST bets :)
Spend your money elsewhere...\nNo manager ever greeted us or asked about our experience at all!  Food is average at best, pricing relative to quality is ridiculous!  Go someplace else
They delivered the wrong food and when I called to tell them, they insisted it was what I ordered and hung up on me, repeatedly. I had to take a cab there to get my money back. Don't waste your money or time. They never refunded my money. Avoid this place at all cost!!!!!!
Rea was awesomeness!!
Great place for their selection and service.The owner is the best man here.On the top have variety of collections really great to say and really nice and obviously obviously I love it to do ---better deal to make.
Amazing church, I love Sunday mornings.  Everyone is very friendly, and the pastors are very hard workers.  The service is modern and passionate.  The music is always upbeat and positive!  The location is incorrect check their website.  The new building is awesome!
Incredible sushi. Beautiful decor. My favorite restaurant in all Chambana.
Newport Beach location - absolutely wonderful.  Las Vegas location - not so great - service is 3 on a scale of 1-10 and the food - 1 on a scale of 1-10.  Way different than the Newport Beach location that I frequent.  Very authentic and great service and the food is delicious.
Pretty, serene, relaxing and quiet. It is right next to the Zoo & Botanical Gardens. I especially like it during sunset. There are easy novice trails, so I suggest this for those who want more of a relaxing hike or bike ride as opposed to a hardcore workout.
Our server was clueless,  didn't know the menu or drinks it was awkward.  The food was delicious though I had ordered the carnitas plate which was really great except for the fact that the carnitas were extremely greasy.  I will try this place again
To hell with this place. My band is in town on tour and we stopped in to grab a few things. Instead of asking if we needed help, they hid behind shelves trying to watch if we were stealing. Way to profile...
I like the East town location. Good food, love the ability to eat on the patio.
This place is horrible and has crappy service. They try and get over on large groups with a service charge that is 2x higher than the normal 18% tip for 8 or more guests....
This location is ok. Service is friendly. The location seems to be a bit disorganized,but generally clean.
Great hotel for the price the service was awesome the rooms were clean and spacious ,the staff was very helpful and friendly. Also no pet fee I would definitely recommend this hotel . A 5 min car ride to the strip if that.
great place, everyone is friendly. \n\nbest part is the nursery/kids club area. My kids love this, as well as the wife and I! we drop them off for up to 1 hr...talk about stress free grocery shopping. \n\nthe location is in a very pleasant neighborhood
Great service friendly staff. Portions are huge. Food is well prepared and tastes good. Already looking forward to the take home and we are just leaving the restaurant.
Good place but don't have that much time to go there very often.
pleasant environment (even though in a strip mall next to a 99 cent store). food was great. spring rolls. fresh and tasty. nice sauce. coconut shrimp yummy. soup also\neverything fresh and flavorful. not expensive.
For one... The serve was terrible. Had to asked the server 3x for katsup. Could barely get refills and on top of all that.  The food was cold. I will never go back there again. What a waste. Told the manager.
The food taste pretty good, but the waitress a little bit racism, she served the Korean before Chinese, even we got there earlier.
Our go to place for breakfast in Vegas. The service and food is impeccable and at a level you'd expect from a Thomas Keller operation. \n\nWe've never had a bad meal here. The food may be by some standards pedestrian but it's always a solid value.
Open until 2AM!!\n\nPhoenix for some reason is lacking on late night dining. This is why I give Delux gets five stars. The food amazing and ambiance up-to-date, open until 2AM seven day a week.
We had a great time!!!
Hey vegan! \n\nYeah you. \n\nGet your skinny ass down to Green for some seriously good food. \n\nSeriously. \n\nThe mock chicken rocks. \n\nGo. Now.
Weak! I'm standing in line 15 minutes after  the show was supposed to start... Not happy... Hope the show is better than the venue.
Great atmosphere, nice staff. A bit pricey for what you get but it's all organic and healthy. My wife and I love this place.
Food is great and our waiter was great but food trickled trickled out of the kitchen. If your planning on a quick meal this isn't the place to go.
Great food, great service. FYI a reservation does not get a seat on the patio, only confirmed seat in the dining room. That was disappointing to find out.
Bad.  Will never come back.\nService was horrible.  Had to ask for refills and chopstick to eat.\nFood not great.\nDessert awesome.  But we are here to eat dinner, not dessert .
Updating the review because the business offered to repair the phone again for a reduced price.  If the repair holds up to a couple of drops I will update again but for now, it's only been a week so who knows.  The prior repair broke again the very first time she dropped it with a screen protector and a phone case on!
Great neighborhood bar! The bartenders are friendly!  Loved the pretzel bites!
Orbis has a wonderful sense of community, and it earns that well by being a locally family owned business.  The coffee is excellent and the staff is very friendly.  I attended their once a month international dinner and the food was over the top excellent.
Grade: C\n\nAverage food. Average prices. Average service. Average place.
I have to say... my meal here wasn't all that great. I had bison ribs and they just weren't really interesting or flavourful. The poutine was SO salty and the cheese wasn't melted. How hard is it to make poutine?
love the sushi here. service could have been a little more attentive.\na little pricy, but sushi is so delicious, it's worth it.\n\nwould return... despite it being a cougar den!
Great happy hour and decent food.  Always a fun crowd.
Don't come here unless you feel like getting cut & bleed. Worst service ever. After I told them both my son and I are bleeding. They said don't come back. What they thinking?  Me wanting to bring my son & I back to get cut & donate blood?  NOT!
Chuy's is closed but this has reopened as C.C.'s same food and menu. $8 pitchers of margaritas are strong!! Great food for low prices.
Slow and understaffed.  Looked past me and took known guy behind
Awesome if you're not into eating healthy. Split a cheeseburger and chili dog with a friend. Portions weren't outrageous, price was great but fries were soggy.
i hate the fact it is not 24 hour, other than that, great gym!
My culinary world just opened wide! So many great things I haven't been able to find anywhere else in Vegas! From harissa to frozen crawfish to the steak and kidney pie from my youth - just amazing. Don't forget the vegetarian haggis!
I probably won't come here again. Tire dressing left my rims drippy. They skipped my wheel well conditioning altogether.  wash included console dressing, but I found myself dusting off most of it by hand. I had to point at multiple spots of dirt that they missed, to multiple people due to language barriers.
We went here again tonight to give it another try and ya know I just don't like it. I really wish I did. I feel like everything is over salted. \n\nI had carne Asada tacos and I wish they would buy better meat. It just tasted cheap.
Love this place! I LOVE the funky setup of the outside & you can find great stuff there.. I LOVE all their vintage jewelry & especially LOVE that the owner, KT also makes & sells her own jewelry too... \nPlus she's  really chill & nice to talk to
Decent Chain food... nuf said.
I had one off-white towel, I saw a cockroach, there were still hairs in the sheets, the couch is ripped and stained, and the wifi doesn't reach my room. I'm not a fan.
Prob not coming back here very soon, I went through the drive thru the other day to get some lunch for my kids and I only to be rushed along by a rude employee when trying to decide what to get then repeatedly asking is that all, food was carelessly thrown together...
Fast friendly service a little to fast. The veggies weren't cooked enough for my taste still had alot of crunch in them.
It's ok food and over priced. Is rather go to Panda Express. Try AJK Chinese Cuisine not to far from here.
Great company
Great Mexican food!  The meat is delicious, and very tender.  You receive chips at the beginning of your meal with yummy salsas to try.  The ambiance of the restaurant is not that great, but the food makes up for the lack of flare!
My breakfast was disgusting last time. Waits have been so long! Waiter was dull. My eggs were half cooked. Way over priced.
It is a great place to get an oversized Reese's Cup.  I love it.   I highly recommend this place.
So I went back and tried it one more time at the request of the owner. No more hard potatoes. They changed it to hash browns. Pretty good.
You certainly won't find any better Thai food in Matthews!  This is the sister of the East Blvd. location.
Grade: D+\n\nJust because a place has been around forever doesn't earn it a free pass. Actually, it kinda does. Pass this one up.\n\nP.S. The raw sewage stank in the bathroom was conveniently ironic here.
Always fresh. Love the spicy squid and fresh Toro, One of the best local sushi restaurants out there.
The crab legs for 12.99 along with two sides on Friday are delish.. also the 16 oz steak is great. fast service and the food is so well prepared for the price.
Delicious!! Had a Margherita with mushrooms. Everything was fresh. Salad with the mix was amazing too.
Always very helpful and knowledgeable here. Everyone is quick to ask if you need assistance with finding anything. Even though there are two competitors closer to my house, I prefer coming here, knowing that I will leave with everything that I need for my car.
This place needs a serious overhaul. The owners obviously don't care. Bathroom stinks, and everything in the whole place is covered in stickiness and grime. Not just that, the service is awful.  If all the reviews are bad, what does that tell you?
Best pho in town! \nThis place gets packed fast!!!! So show up before busy hours if you know you're gonna be hungry for food here. We've left the place a couple times because the wait list was pretty long. I have kids so their hunger wouldn't last the wait time.
One of my favorite restaurants on the near west side at a moderate price. Food is excellent and the atmosphere is bright. It kind of reminds me of a 50s dinner but more modern. It seems like many of the plates are traditional but have an added twist.
Had to go back because of company in town for family reunion. The help was still great again but could still hear the F&*(%$$ BOMBS coming from management behind the line. Am I the only one who hears this? Hello, Gordon? When you're in the house we might expect the drama.
Great gym. I loved Becky's Zumba classes and the Functional Fitness 6am classes. What really made it worth it was Cheri's helpfulness in regards to membership issues.
Fenomenal fresh fries, fine burgers and sandwiches, friendly good service.\n\nIf you're going to go crazy and break all those resolutions about not eating....this is a pretty good place to break that resolution with fries and a sandwich.
Horrible service and my food was cold. If they had been busy, I MIGHT understand, seeing as I used to be a server myself. But we were the only people in the place. And considering that I've had such great experiences at other King's locations, I was very disappointed.
This is a horrible car wash.  The manager / owner is extremely rude and the quality of the work is terrible.   I would never waste the money to return here.  They only are concerned with up selling detail packages and not with the quality of car washes done.
Great BBQ. This is not your carolina style, vinegar based BBQ. This is more like Florida que where you drown your meat with thick BBQ sauce. They have an all you can eat pulled pork special everyday for $12.99. Whatever you come for I'm sure you'll be pleased.
I see Dr. Mason once per year for my annual physical. He is respectful of my vegetarian diet, which I appreciate, and he always listens to any questions and concerns that I have.
so first, the MENU is amazing, i could not wait to try each and everything on there. Until i tasted the first roll, then i was just waiting and hoping the next would make up for it, it did not.  Waitress was not at all as bad as other reviewers say though, she still got a good tip =)
Bought a Groupon, and the earliest afternoon appointment (some of us have daytime jobs) is 4 months away.... Wish I could get my money back.
The attendants are nice when available. The playlist overhead made me want to leave. It is a horrible mix of country and pop.
They have the rudest staff I have EVER dealt with at a fast food restaurant.  The food was good but I won't be going back to a place where I'm basically paying someone to be rude.
prices are great, and I find my favorite peruvian food condiments
Not too impressed.  Had the beef toreadors. One good the other very chewy, not as tasty.  Serving size small for cost.  While the hotel furniture was interesting, it was not very comfortable... tables too high, seats too low.  Disappointed.
Slow and they never make my drink right.  I think it may be because of the young workers. just not consistent.  One worker still looked asleep when I ordered my coffee at 5am once.
Mmmmm the pasta here is amazing! My favorite restaurant in Vegas.
Great pizza, I will be back.
Many better buffets to be had at better prices. Staff at the buffet area very rude. Look at you and turn away. Clearly marked to ask for help if you have food allergies but staff said they didn't know anything and couldn't help. Won't be back.
While they typically have what I am looking for there is ALWAYS a huge line, without fail and often times there is not enough staff to efficiently combat it.
I love the Taro Boba milk tea. The bobas made just right. Usually its a hit or miss.  You either get them way too mushy or tough. They have beautiful art hanging on the walls and its a cool spot to talk/chill with friends. The joint has board games you can play with while you socialize
The food is okay
Great spot to go to for lunch.  Was in town for a business meeting.  Great portions for lunch.  Service was spectacular.  Wasn't a fan of their salsa, but the chips were very good.
This little gem serves AMAZING lamb saag and butter masala. It may take some time getting to you but it's well worth the wait.\n\nI have yet to visit during the lunch buffet!
My pedi was not that great. My best friend got her nails sone by the owner they came out nice
Super clean, relaxing atmosphere, friendly staff. Love this place....
Food was good as well as service, but I think there are much better Korean Grills in town.
Havent tried any pastries, but they have steamed soy milk. Conveniently located right by the hotel elevators.
Best breakfast you will find.
The worst gate connections on southwest flights.  We had 10 minutes to go across the airport and almost misses our flight. They need to do a better job of getting people to the correct gates.
Since there is no other Indonesian restaurant in Madison, there is no competition. Still the food is really good. Make sure to get the desserts there as well. I like the ambiance there as well - cool artwork.
Food was excellent. Lunch for two.  Pad see eew,  Pad Thai,  fried wontons and two beverages for $28. Great deal,  great food and super sweet staff.  Thank you Lillys Yhai & Vietnamese Cafe
We went here in December in hopes of finding a decent steak house in Maricopa.  The steak was delicious and cooked to perfection!
Don't go there. The food is not bad, but it is waaaayy overpriced and the menu doesn't have much selection. You can spend  more than $35 on average Japanese food here and not even be full. For example, the crab cake is $7 and only comes with two small patties.
As far as car wash quality - it was just ok. Felt it was a bit too expensive for what you get - maybe I'm just use to the better quality of car washes in LA for the amount being charged. \n\nI'll keep looking for another car wash whenever I'm back visiting.
Would never go back! VERY disappointed!
I like this place okay but it would get more stars if the service was a little bit faster and if their food quality was higher for what you pay. Good place for a business lunch which is what I have gone there for on a couple occasions.
I love coming here to look and check out their beer and wine selection.. top nothch \nprices are reasonable and there is always something you need for a housewarming, birthday..etc
Never again, I ate here and got the worst food poisoning. Don't risk it,
waited long time but well wort hit.i will return.
Have never had bad food here. I was sad that the Maverick margarita was off the menu, but the bartender came through with an equivalent margarita.
Watch out for the rip off. They raise prices at night and charge you way more then you should have. All the bills are done by hand, probably tax evasion too.\n\nPlenty of 24h places in montreal, stay away from this one.
So sad...it's no longer Ranuccis the name is Catawba.
I think this is a great event, this year was a little hot. But were are the tables. There's not really anywhere to eat. Had a fun time though
Very good and friendly service. The dog food they recommended, while a bit expensive, is well worth it for our bulldog. Never going to Petsmart again. Support local businesses!\n\nFYI the dog food is Earthborn: holistic.  very highly rated and our dog loves it and digestion is totally normal.
I live in that area and i almost never tried any other indian restaurant on Jean-Talon, that place is too good.\nThe palao rice is the best around, the butter chicken is perfectly balanced, the lamb curry's really good and the stewed eggplant is really awesome.
Fine place for any-time beakfast (certainly a step up from Dennys or IHOP). Good omlettes and if you can take the heart-clogging properties, biscuits & gravy. Also serves sandwiches, salads and smoothies.
Friendly staff, quick service, good meeting spot for business right off the 101 ramp. The food is typical chain, but good enough for all to enjoy. Good pies for take out!
Ambience was great but food was very mediocre. The noodles tasted good. I didn't like the Manchurian. Food was very spicy.
Personally to me not worth the wait outside but interesting to see it in real life. The cast was of course not there and it looks just like any other pawn shop.
1. Good Customer Service\n2. Clean Atmosphere\n3. Good Margaritas\n4. YUMMIE Carna Asada Burrito
Absolutely amazing food, and you get more than what you think you're paying for. Definitely recommend it and will be returning multiple times in the future.
I can't even guys, I mean really.  There were people huddled around the front door smoking.  The service was slow, they give these thin little slices of bread when you pay for extra bread and get a COLD lil tiny slice.
Tried the vegetarian pho with beef broth. Very fresh, great flavor, excellent soup! We will be back for sure! One of the best Pho soups I have ever had.
Very nice but make sure your schedule is open because their service takes longer than you'd expect.
Wow, it seems like Taco Bell in Arizona has a full beer, wine, and liquor license!
Cheap and food is a typical coffee shop. if you are looking for cheap food good service try it. looking for a good meal skip
Terrible service. Food was ok. Not worth it.
Terry and Jason gave me expert advice on what to do on an old beat up heating unit I had. They were professional and courteous. Installed a brand new top of the line unit within hours of arriving at my house. I had my new heater ready to go that night! Thank you king plumbing!!!!!!
My favorite Chinese restaurant in Phoenix.  Love the calamari.  Lunch specials are great and cheap.
Want a pint and to watch a game of football in peace? This is your place, no frills, no issues, a friendly bar staff with reasonably priced pints!! does what you want it to do! Best avoided later at night as it seems to get a little crazy.
This is the second time that I have been here in 4 weeks and I will not go back anytime soon, the service was average, the quality of the food was poor and the value non existant, so many better steakhouses in town --very disappointing especially after all the hype
best burgers and Italian beef sandwiches in az. Lobby is the man!! Super helpful, happy, and always hustling.
I go to Outback because you know what you are going to get. The food is good, place is clean, service is average or better. This location meets all of the above.\n2 of us went at 5pm for dinner beating the crowds.
Bad service. Very unorganized.  As soon as we walked in the door 4 people front the front disappeared to the back and we waited for 10min until someone come out and I know they saw us we made eye contact.
Long black hair baked carefully in the center of the pie!!  Yum Yum!
Grade: C+\n\nI was hoping for more considering what I paid. Great service and a very nice looking place.
The menu is good. The food is the same as their other property's just more money. Fish tacos good, salads good. Prime rib dip, not prime at all, fries are to skinny & don't stay hot. Eat at the counter its quicker.  Martin 6-7-13
they have revamped the place.. they need a little more tables. empty spaces.
nice beer selection but food was pretty subpar.
Drove here al the way from Tempe. I was at the door at 8:01pm on a Sat night. I was told there was only take out service after 8 and they didn't seat us. I guess they just can let business walk away. I will never come back.
I have been going to Palestra to see Sharon for a long time. The spa is extremely relaxing and welcoming. Sharon always does a excellent job. I always look forward to my next appointment. I  look and feel wonderful every time I leave. They are the best.
Love the free concerts every weekend! Look up the band's online before going, some are really good but some not so much. This mall also has an arcade, movie theater, and good shops/ restaurants. The free WiFi sucks though...
Just so you know GVR doesnt allow locals in for free anymore (due to paying guests complaints).  Such a shame!
Great pun\n\nI ran across this place a few years ago when looking for a haircut in Las Vegas. I had been on a long road trip from the East Coast and was due for a trim before going out on the town. On occasion, the name still gives me a smile.
Chips are very good (fresh and crispy).  Salsa is OK, just not as good as most restaurants. Everything else I tried was sort-of gross
Go for Happy Hour and you will be HAPPY!  Tacos, tostadas, street corn.  Chips are thick and salsa is good.
I was there last year with my parents and extended family. Service was terrible - slow and rude. I would not go there again.
This was our second time coming here and it's delicious! I got the gold standard and I'm pretty sure it's the best burger I've ever had! Left here feeling full and happy after our meal! Highly recommend eating here!!
I thank God i got the tickets for free. Otherwise i thought this show was one of the worst i have seen in Vegas. The women were hott, but the overall performance was really bad. They tried to mix in comedy and singing as well. Just horrible show. I did see only three couples walk out.
The veggie burger was fantastic!!!! Way to cater to the veggie crowd. Loved the food.
No complaints. Clean, flavors change.
Best bagels I've ever had, anywhere in the world. Puts any NY bagel shop to shame. \nThis is the way bagels should be. Dense, moist and made with consistent quality.
I had the extra large carne asada burrito, and truthfully, I was not impressed.  The burrito was about half the size of chipotle's buritos.  Howeverf if you want really good mexican food, go to guadalahara south of teh the ball park on 7th st.
Worst customer service, the guy really asked me for my receipt to check my bag because he assumed I was stealing and he felt like an idiot when he didn't find anything
Excellent food, especially enjoy the organic options!  I do wish the kale salad came in a petite version that was cheaper. One can eat in a high end restaurant for the price of a salad with lunch here. I lived in Sedona when this chain began, and think the quality has been maintained.
This place place is the best!! My usual therapist is Shaya who gets ALL of the knots out!! She remembers your needs and your likes/dislikes and then looks/feels you over to see what you need each appointment. Had another therapist work on  me there once when Shaya was sick and would rate her a four.
Ventilation is horrible. I feel like I smoked 3 packs of cigarettes just walking across the casino. Need major upgrade.
Not as good as the Bellagio but I'm very prejudice for the Bellagio as that is still my favorite casino EVER after living in LV for 10 years.\n\nSee if you can get a seat poolside but they don't tend to open that up unless they really need the seating.
This place is great!  My husband and I eat a lot of fresh fruits and veggies which can be very pricey. I found this amazing market, very clean great produce and affordable Cheek it out!
Passable, kinda quirky little place. Small but solid beer and wine list. The good food only gets better at happy hour prices. I'm partial to the cold-cuts & cheese plate.
Bad experience.  Don't believe the hype!   A five star wanna be.  A two star reality.
wild boar sausage was awesome.  dinner for two was excellent as well. Only complaint is I ate WAY too much.
Best place my roomie and I have ever been. Friendly. Funny. And Polo is amazing.
Really love this place. Out of the way. Worth it. Good food. Great beer. Plenty of parking.
First time here.  The food and the blackberry acai  margarita or as our awesome server Kim  called it \"The Goodness\" were delicious!  Very happy with her drink recomendation. Great atmosphere,  fast service and Kim was super nice.  We'll be back for sure!
I'm giving two stars because mostly all the servers have bitch face. The bartender was behind the bar and when I looked at her she rolled her eyes. Sorry ladies but find a new job since you seem to not like the one your working at.  Oh and you really should do a two minute check back on all your tables.
Extremely disappointing, would not return. Many reasons... Very loud, bad food, slow service, even the water was not good.
YES!!! WE DID IT IN TUTUS! dressed as leprechauns on St. Patty's so much fun! A little advice when its cold out bring a jacket the wait gets cold up there!
Great food!! Horrible service, the girls were rude, and not attentive. the waitresses need to go through a training course on people skills in the food industry.
A total oasis from the summer heat.  This friendly and well stocked neighborhood library is never crowded, so you can alway grab a free PC or a free table if you're lugging your own laptop.  The selection of books and dvds are really good too.
I don't want go to here again.
Don't even bother.  To make an appointment, went through several layers of automated menus and ads, finally got through and put on hold, eventually answered asked me to call back later - they were busy.  I declined, he took my number to call me back, but never did.  I then easily booked an appointment elsewhere!
Great place to stop for a pint of Carlsberg and to catch the world cup whilst escaping the afternoon heat. Friendly clean and a good crowd.
Pistachio great!  Peanut butter not :-(  waffle cone!  But slightly stale:-(  So a mixed bag.  It seems to get by simply on location, being right across from the busiest Apple Store in AZ.
Pretty damn good.  The veggie samosa was yums.
Best new fast food concept and it started in the LKN area.  The tenders are great, milkshakes are very good as well.  The new layout is great.  I have also visited the Raleigh location and seems to be very consistent customer service across all the board, excellent.
The backup dancers were amazing,  but the drag queens had so much botox that they didn't have any expressions at all. Plus, Frank spent the last 15 minutes selling his stuff.
I had the Mackerel and Spicy tuna with a couple of beers and it chimed in for ~$100. Not a good experience from a service standpoint either. The sushi was mediocre at best. \n\nDon't waste your $$$.
Looks nice on the outside.  The inside is GHETTO!  The only nice thing about the hotel is its location, and had some great music in the evening.  I'm just glad I didn't catch bed bugs there!
Best place to get tire! These guys are awesome! They installed my tpms sensor I bought online for under $20 when there competitor turned me away. I just had 4 new tires put on today and they had the best price plus a $75 visa gift card!
REVIEW EDIT - All the house music has been removed. Now there's really nothing left to hit up Alto for. Nice looking space, but nobody there to use it. Sorry Alto, you had something good and you dropped the ball.
Gotta love the phone-in service. I usually get the chicken katsu, kalua pork and spam musubi and it's always been great. The service is excellent...much better than that joke of a restaurant Aloha Kitchen near UNLV.
Huge portions, perfect hangover food, but the service was less than attentive. I'd go back bc the food helped clear up my hangover.
Yardhouse is interesting.\n\nGreat beer selection, but  usually overpriced, too rich, too salty, meh food.\n\nGo for brews, maybe an appetizer, sit at the bar.
Fun atmosphere, hidden hole-in-the-wall. Friendly employees. Pepperoni and meatball pizza was awesome.
First time there.  Not bad for a buffet.  Lots of choices.  Fresh vegetables, the shrimp was wonderful!  The desserts left much to be desired, though the peanut butter cookies were good.\n\nWe will be back again sometime.
Worst customer service EVER. Thank god I spend my 10k somewhere else. Glad they only got $250 out of us for my ring.  Could not care less that we were customers.
Their Antipasto is good but pizza is expensive and tastes like its frozen. Definitely not worth the price.The service is not real friendly either.
Nice selection of deli items, but would not recommend the breakfast service!  A side order was not delivered until after we finished the meal and it took some time to adjust the bill even though we were the only diners at the time
Amazing experience! Great Great service! Highly recommend! Amazing martini service/pour.  Bountiful wine pours with their samplings.  Food was to die for.  If you want service, decor, and food, I would highly recommend.
This barber shop is awesome my son is 8 years old and always looks great.  Manny is usually the one that cuts his hair but we have tried the others and there just as good. Very clean place.
The 5 star here just cuz I had the most spectacular!
Do you have a microwave dinner in your freezer? That's basically what you are signing up for at this fine establishment. I'm not sure where the rest of these reviewers buy their drugs, but please feel free to share. You must be intoxicated to believe this place passes for a restaurant.
A nice store with good selection.People always pleasant. Fairly typical market. The old store had more character. Like fresh foods and vegatables.
Salad was AMAZING! Halfbaked cookie and ice cream was to die for! Waiter was cute! 5 stars.
Located at the fashion square mall it is so convenient for after shopping! Happy hour is great as far as drinks! Food is decent! Great afternoon spot!
Great neighborhood bar for SOLA (South of Lacy).\nFantastic bartenders.  Strong mixed drinks.  Good beer selection.  Fancy cocktails.  Entertaining movies in the background.  Good music selections on jukebox and by the bartenders.\nAn oasis in the burbs!
Love the atmosphere here. Live bands, great food, and a good time!
I had ordered the Club and Chipotle Chicken Avocado , which was extremely delicious from the first bite I took! The bread had taste just perfect and there was plenty of taste to both of the sandwiches!
This place is amazing.  Awesome staff, great eats and cheap drinks.  My advice is order what you like and you will not be disappointed at all.  One last thing safe room for dessert.  The brownie for 3 bucks is enough for two people.  Hey what can I say I am cheap, but I like my good eats.
It is a prefect combination of Latin and Japanese food. I would recommend checking it, I think it would be one of the most unique (in teams of food) restaurant in Pittsburgh
Like the other Cirque du Soleil shows, this one is just as awesome! However, I feel that LOVE is missing some amazing factor. There were not enough heart pumping factors to make it a truly unforgettable show. Definitely a show to see if you're a Beatles fan.
Worst service ever. I went on a night where everyone's order was wrong. They were so slow.
Always pleased with the service and the results here.  It's also conveniently located for me.  The atmosphere is quiet, the facility clean and the service is quick.
The food was good. I don't recall what I had, but I do recall it was delicious.\n\nThe location, on the edge of West Gate, is convenient to be able to get to without crossing the center.\n\nI will likely return, as I have a friend that lives adjacent to West Gate.
Service was excellent once we saw our waitress and told her we had a show to get to.  My daughter had the shrimp scampi, and I had a perfectly cooked New York steak.
Went in for lunch... Food was wonderful, very reasonably priced, cocktails amazing...service was outstanding!!!!   Definitely returning..
Can hardly find fish in fish tacos. Long John silver's at least has some fish in their fish tacos. Will not return. They did try to bring something else. Chicken burrito. It was ok at best.
Don't waste your time. I searched and search and could not find this place. But if anyone does find a good bakery , writing about it in a review/ tip would be beneficial to others .
I absolutely loved this place! It was my first time ever coming but the atmosphere was very cute and quaint! I will definitely be coming back here in the near future!
I luv the mac n cheese here!\n\nAlways get really good service here.\n\nHappy hour is awesome.
Fantastic service!  The entire staff makes you feel special and happy to be there.  The steaks are great.  Cooked exactly to order and the best cuts and quality of meat.  A far better value than going to the Strip.  We will definitely going back!
Needed help with my brakes (had metal on metal sound) - Shawn (or Sean) and Sonny helped me out by fixing my van fast, and with stellar service. Highly recommend!
Best cheese crisps in Arizona! And I love love love the green chili enchiladas ... I prefer chicken! YUM!! Thanks for the great service too, everyone is so friendly!!
I have only been here to have a few drinks but I would go back to try the food. Comfortable atmosphere. Cute patio area in the back.
Simple hole in the wall place.  We ordered Bibimbap, Fried Dumpings and Tofu & KimChi Soup.  Soup was hands down the best part.  Served in a stone cauldron - bubbling hot and spicy with a fresh egg cracked into it table-side.  Fantastic!
we had a fantastic meal here with great service, food and ambiance.  we will be back.
This was a cool easy-going (easy going for Vegas) spot for drinks and socializing.  Depending on which section you are in, it can be fairly loud or fairly quiet...good spot, though.
The food was OK. The service was great and the bar atmosphere and tv's helped.
Based only on casino.  A 4 because\nOnly casino I won at while there!
Real sad customer service at Value City.  Only would negotiate if you finance. What about those individuals that can actually pay for the things they buy.  Then to boot, delivery is $129 (20% of the price of what I was considering). Not much of a value in my opinion.
Incredible food/experience.  Reading all the reviews prior to going I was a little skeptical that my expectations would be reached.  No issues with that.  Christopher was amazing.....cant wait to go back.
This place is washed up, time to retire.
I really thought the store was bigger, not all the pi\u00f1atas where pretty, some of them where as simple as a star with a plate (those cake plates with characters) glued to the sides. They did however had a good variety of Mexican candy.
The cheese curds are glorious!!! Reminds me of Midwest food and the service is good. Great place to watch football games and have a good time
No joke, huge fans of Ramsey but BurGR was a HUGE let down! Expensive for an average place. If you really want good Ramsey food, try going to the expensive steakhouse inside Paris LV.  Trust me, the burgers an nothing special!
Absolutely love this place! Food is delicious, staff is friendly and happy hour is just short of all the time.
LOL, what a joke!  Comical really, walked in laughed, heard this awful house mix and walked out.  Small, cheese ball, expensive, and so not Vegas elite style.  Even the people from North Dakota thought it was LAME.
Good food, bad service. They took away our drinks (whole table) for a refills and it took 5+ minutes before they returned. I didn't even gave any water.  Had to walk to front to ask for our check too.
I've been coming to this particular Carl's Jr. since they've opened. I'm not a regular but I just noticed something different...CLEAN !,  I mean, someone is always cleaning something and I'm impressed! The employees are mature and very service oriented.
This new location was filthy when I went. The fish tasted odd like it had turned.  I will not be back.
Military discount is 20%. \nIt's amazing food and service. So delicious and relaxing coming here.
Busy cozy colorful place with great Mexican food at a reasonable price. Lots of  blue collar workers have lunch here. They know good food.
Friend and I tried Vegetable bawl and teriyaki bawl.\nit took 10minutes to get those.\nveggies undercooked.
Great place!  Huge bar area, lots of lanes and great buffalo chicken pizza!  Very clean, accomodating staff and best of all there were huge tv's all over the place.  Recommend a visit if you're in the area!
its walmart...nothing else to say
Great barbeque.  Table of 4 enjoyed lunch of pulled pork sandwiches, and brisket sandwich with sides of fries, beans, coleslaw.  All of it very good.  Clean, and comfortable.  Prompt service.  We'll be back
As a Marylander, I am vouching for the crabcakes here! They are so good!! Great food, good prices, atmosphere is awesome...oh...and they have a sweet karaoke set up!! One of my favorite spots in the valley :)
Mad Dogs catered for the Step Out Walk to Fight Diabetes today. The beans were exceptional. I also tried a bbq pork sandwich, very lean meat and good sweet flavor. I'd never heard of them before the walk but I will probably seek them out for another portion of the delicious beans!
Cash only. We love their Crepes. I don't like latta that much. It is good experience.
I javent been to this one but the one in surprise i didnt like. One of the trainers would hit on all the girls which i feel victim to made me feel uncomfortable to workout
Everyone here is really nice. I'm not sure if it's cause of the sun or what but this is definetly the best airport I have ever been too. \n\nIt's always kept extremely clean and if you have any problems the staff is always eager to help out.
Never again! If you're trying to reschedule a hotel pick up, you're wasting your time and your money. Customer service sucks. You would do better to take the public bus system. Not only is it easier and more direct, it's a lot more inexpensive.
Wow - Does the food here taste amazing! So fresh and the flavours are amazing! I'd go again and again!
Larb smelled off and treated like dust.  Soup was OK, music was annoying saxophone elevator stuff.  Staff was nice, but not coming back.
Horrible food & service!!!! Been dying to go to Rao's for ever and it was a big disappointment ! Food sucked and so did service. Waiter totally ignored us we haf to tell the busboy twice to call him just to place an order!!!  Would give it zero!!! Stars
It was a great experience here
Clean fast very good food that you'll enjoy more than once cause you return . A + I eat here several times per week and enjoy breakfast burritos as welk as combo plates.  Its a nice atmosphere with nice employees.  Even my kids enjoy the food.
Met up a newbie Vegas-person on the other side of town for a few drinks and what not. quaint lodge that has pool tables, dart machine, slots, a huge Moose head. Bartender was sweet and made a drink to my liking. I had no idea what it was, but it was nice and sweet.
We had the beef ribs and 2 meat combo platter. Really Friendly fast service and food was great. Will def go again and try the catfish!
SmashBurger didn't disappoint, the atmosphere was friendly and the food was good.  I also recommend the sweet potatoe fries and chocolate malt.
Just alright....If you go for appetizers, chips and salsa, guac and such, should be good!  Decent service, good drinks, super busy seemingly all the time, mostly a \"meat market\" type crowd.
Bad selection, over priced and the owner is a racist, will never go near that store again!
Hot Wok is what it is- fast and cheap. As long as you understand that then you will not be disappointed with what you get.
Great place to study. Music is usually moderate to low volume. Typically doesn't get crowded. 3 starts for the coffee, it gets the job done. Good selection of teas. 2 stars for pastries. Hours are limited, but this tends to be a problem with most coffee shops in this town.
Drunk frat boys and their jersey shore girlfriends.
Reallt nice friendly staff. Thank you for taking your time with my transaction and customizing my vape.
Not worth the price. Kobe beef should be seasoned better. Prices are too high and the service is average
I love this place! For an  extra buck you can get unlimited trips to the buffet, but lets face it, you are usually stuffed after just one trip.\nGreat choice for people watching their carbs too, just lay off the noodles.
This shop does not pay its vendors.  Such a bummer.  I have been asking for a payment from them for over 9 months for my jewelry line.  We are a small business and make everything by hand.  Hopefully they will pay and I can take this post down.\nI am sure it is probably a nice store.
What a GREAT addition to the community!  The best thing is that it is on SUNDAY mornings, which makes it a wonderful family outing!
Best snow cone I've had here in town. The only thing that keeps it from another star is the wait the usually comes with each visit. Good sign for the business, but it sucks in the middle of a summer day when the sun is beating down on you
House Pan Roast was delicious.  \nOnly bad thing is when we were leaving we overheard a couple telling the hostess \nThat they were sick & coming out both ends nonstop.  Eeek.  So far so good !!
I would go early and leave early it becomes very crowded but worth a view and then out.  This place was literally a fire hazard.  If there is a line or cover don't bother.  Go back over to the larger clubs at the Encore like Surrender.
Favorite!
I was impressed that this small restaurant, located in an airport, was so good.  Food, service and all.  Generous portion, and my server boxed the appropriate leftovers for me to take on the plane, where jealous passengers lusted after them while munching on dry roasted peanuts!
This show was amazing! It has a total Vegas vibe. Frankie is super talented and energetic. We will definitely go see this show again.
Wow!  This place is good.  My first time in Phoenix and if I ever get back I'll be sure to dine here.  So should you.  Prego.  (You're welcome.)
This place is sort of like a dump compared to the other casinos, but it has your basic needs if all you want to do is shower and sleep. I would give it four stars but in all honesty it can be a long walk from this place to the strip, so location is meh.
Got hooked up with a sweet ass SUITE at THE hotel. Hella baller status. Flat screens in the bathroom. The bathroom was the size of my master bedroom at home. Highly recommend staying here!
Prepaid for facial deal and now phone is shut off and I assume they are closed based on another review. Very unhappy!!!!!  And they told me to buy the $35 vouchers...glad I didnt do that too!
I always come here once a week great food but servers need to step up the service they would check on a table & go back to the computer station. Usually places they check up on all the tables. But other than that great looking females good for business making guys coming to eat with the ladies.
My favorite restaurant. I've been coming here all my life and have never been disappointed. The food is always excellent, and the store inside is incredibly convenient. I would recommend this restaurant to everyone.
I thought the restaurant was beautiful and the staff were nice natives from Brazil, but the salad bar was not impressive. In fact, The taste was salty and quality was ok. Too pricey for what is delivered.. The meats were good I wouldnt go back with my party of 8.
I had such agreat experience here. The massage technician was professional and courteous. I was so relaxed I think I dozed off for few minutes. When everything was said and done, I felt so much better and rejuvenated. I definitely recommend this place.
Pizza as good as it gets. Real NY style. Never knew how much goes into making a pizza but found out when visited Grimaldi's during Tasting Tour of Old Scottsdale. Grimaldi's does pizza and does it terrific. Can't go wrong!!
The food was very good. We came around 10am when it was empty. The variety of food  was well developed. Definitely worth the price. Mimosas are the added benefit!
Definitely a cool spot, with a great downstairs bar. The decor upstairs is unique too. Serving Richardson's menu in the meantime, but something is missing when compared to Richardson's. I can't put my finger on it, but I don't get the same feeling. Worth visiting for sure.
We were excited to eat here, it is difficult to find. They were closed at 3 p.m. on a Saturday.
We had to try the EOS because all of the 5 star reviews..And because of those reviews we were disappointed. We each tried a different sandwich and both of us felt that they were Ok but nothing special,nothing to go out of our way for.2&1/2 stars at best...
Love it. Great produce and prices, as compared to other places in Montreal. Small, good products, free parking. Long lines sometimes, but they move fast. Keep it up!
A winner, though pricey.  Italian wines, friendly faces (customers AND waitstaff) and phenomenal food!  Not to be confused with Guiseppesin Scottsdale.
Another Sprinkler repair Co. that did not show. I finally called Sprinkler Man he was right on time and fixed it fast
Been here twice and they are RAT INFESTED!!!  Heard them in the ceiling on the first trip and sure enough my girlfriend saw them in the bathroom on the second trip.  Needless to say we got up and left without eating our food.
The best AYCE sushi in town. Service, food, ambience, everything. You won't find another AYCE sushi as good as this.
I could eat here every single night.  The atmosphere is nice and the food is yummy. I had to try the Catfish with Zapps chips, who would have thought it would be so good. I even ate my leftovers and I never eat leftovers.
Went here once, had some kind of chicken that I think was frozen, not fresh. The sauce tasted like something out of a can I think, it was definitely not home made. Will not return...
A surprisingly classy and well-stocked collection. Props!
I'm giving it 4 stars simply because it's Chick-Fil-A. All Chick-Fil-A's should have at least 4 stars.  Unless it's a complete shithole, which I've never seen.  Nice staff, quick service in the drive thru.  Will be back.
I paid this place a visit after I finished my Christmas shopping in less than an hour, not knowing what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised. The food and the service were both great. Seafood and Cajun food seems to be their thing and they do it right. Great place to go when you're in need of something different.
Very good spot. Sushi is very good and the conveyor belt system allows you to sample anything you want without waiting. Strongly recommend.
LOVE Five Guys!
Food was great. Service from John was very good as well. They created some excellent dishes that were not on the menu to please our appetite. I appreciate great service, and appreciate the visit from the manager to explain our meal delay, and ensure our comfort and pleasure with the meal at the end!
My husband and I were headed to town square to go to the Grape...there's a sign that says \"double helix coming soon\"...if ur also headed to the grape, you might want to wait until double helix opens or go somewhere else!
Such a disappointment.  Really wish that a pub with a great location and amazing food offered better service.  I enjoy the the neighborhood and fans of collegiate sports; however the service is not on par.  If only they had intelligent and diligent servers, I would enjoy patronizing this comfortable and convieng bar.
The only place we take our cars for an oil change. We have always found the mechanics to be quick, efficient and trustworthy. It's a little pricier than other places we could probably find but think the service is worth the price.
Slow service but decent breakfast (classic scramble). Only spot in terminal to drink so u are forced to come here. See ya there. OJ in the mimosa is very pulpy, but i still got a good buzz. Very rude servers.
These guys are amazing. Very knowledgeable, incredibly honest and very much focused on treating the customer right for longterm relationships. \nSay hello to J and Jeff, they will take great care of you.
Meh. I hate how this store is laid out, and everything is tackily displayed. I also hate how they gouge you for printer ink. Huge store, not much going on inside. Too bad it's so close.
Pretty standard service.  I don't have any complaints but not really anything above and beyond.
Definitely not the best way to spend $4 on a cupcake - their pink vanilla specialty ones were dry. The only reason it's getting 2 stars is because the red velvet cupcake was good.
Tried this place for the first time Monday.  My fiance and I shared some sweet and sour chicken and rice.  I had some Crab Rangoon.  Unfortunately I had some food poisoning Monday night and Tuesday.  I'll pass on ever going here again.
Ok so, bumping you back up. My friends dig it and I very much enjoy your sangria, warm vibes and company Firefly. But don't think for a second you can take my love for granted and start slippin' on me again.
Tried the burgers. Well cooked and tasty. Habanero burger is extremely hot only try if you're brave enough. Really friendly staff.
Posted hours: 10:45am. Doors are locked at 11:15 and no one picks up the phone. Hopefully this means they are out of business because this place has gone so far down hill
Cool little casino, part of the Flamingo, even tho I lost on craps.
They replace batteries.  That is nice.  I have NO idea how they sell anything else to stay in business.
I love this place!  It's a fun place to sit and relax and sip a glass of vino.  Be sure to order the bruschetta...I especially love the figs and prosciutto.
Great food! Great Price!  Great atmosphere!  Love this place. \nWhat a real steak house should be!  Probably the best Prime Rib I have ever had...
Purchased a '12 Prius. Have been in for 2 scheduled maintenance services and am very satisfied.
Five guys is always excellent for a burger and fries - this location is no exception. The burgers are always juicy and amazing, the fries were fresh and crispy. The service at this location was also friendly and fast, stop here for a quick lunch!
oph is so good!  anything on the menu is worth trying and the service is always exceptional.
Fries are good, that's about it.\nPlace is ALWAYS mobbed because it's the only eatery open in a concourse where two (!!!) red eye flights to PHL and Charlotte take off.\n\nFries and a Starbucks.  Yum.
Meh, its okay. Nice people , salsas were both excellent , the red enchilada sauce is very good, after that it was mmmmm
Horrible process, waited 1 hour and 10 minutes to be seen and then the doctor calls in the wrong order. Calling back into the doctor to get this changed and waited on hold 2 different times for 15 minutes, not going here again.
Only ordered here once because they messed the order up, and I like Tum Nak Thai better.
A great meal!  Chips and salsa were good.  Salsa tastes similar to tomato paste
Haven't eaten here in years and decided to try it again since I was working on this side of town. This place isn't what it use to be. It looks the same, but the food is different and the staff aren't very helpful or friendly. Some other post indicated the original owner had sold and you can tell.
Good hotel for Batchlorette parties. The suits are nice, the extra room when sharing a room with four girls is a luxury.
The food was okay, I like how they have a huge variety of food. The desserts here are amazing. They have candied apples, cupcakes, etc... So if you have a sweet tooth, you will like the dessert section.
Tiny local place, easy to miss, but don't. Staff is friendly, food is limited but very good. Breakfast/ brunch/ lunch only.  The $10 for $16 was a surprise bonus.
I enjoyed meeting the staff so courteous and helpful. He made the whole experience wonderful for me. They have my utmost respect and gratitude to them for helping me and my daughter.
It seems that Chi-town has come to me even though I just moved away from there! There's a few Rosatis in Chi-town that I've had pizza in. Now, it's no Pizzano's in downtown but it will suffice for being 1,500 miles away from good pizza. :D
they have a great seafood section.. I/E swordfish steaks!! yummm.... they will also order you shark steaks!! mmmm yummm. they also carry socialist pork! lol.
Great sushi! And sashimi!
Wow the tacos very good, love all the food and the price nice thank you Mary Jose and Robert from Binghamton, ny
this is a great spot for coffee and donuts among the madness that is mill avenue!\n\ncoffee has always been freshly brewed when i go there and served with a smile!
Terrible ownership.  Very rude. Bad experience overall.  Gym is nice, but not worth the people there.
We stayed here last month for my fiancee's birthday. We had an awesome time. The pool was a lot of fun, everyone was super friendly. Especially Megan Gladney and Crystal Benjamin they really went above and beyond. Would stay again.
Used to come here all the time before they supposedly updated their establishment..  More like downgraded, their food is horrible now! Weird wanna be american sports bar atmosphere, out of several items just that day supposedly. Bad service and bad food, won't be back here.
I usually don't care for hooters but this place has everything done right. The food is good and the women are hot. They have live music and they will be showing UFC fights here for free, you only have to order every hour. For this place i wilI be a loyal customer.
I came all the way down there to use a groupon and you refused to take it via my phone.  Shame on you for not honoring it.  GROUPON USERS BEWARE.
Mojitos are very good.  Empanadas are delicious.  What a great restaurant, so excited that Charlotte has a great Cuban place to eat!  \nIf you are even considering a visit, by all means come here for a great meal.\nPicadillo is also very good.  Great steak sandwich.
Oh wonderful! Dawn is the best!
Bagel Nosh is a quaint little bagel shop. They have a multitude of bagels to choose from.  I had a breakfast egg bagel sandwich and half dozen bagels for coworkers. This looks like a small family owned bagel shop, which is nearest bagel shop respective to work.  The prices are quite reasonable too!
All hail the Queens and Kings of Nerds!\n\nI can say that with no malice as not only am I an alumna, but I was president of the chess club.
This place was very bland but cheap. I made the mistake of getting a potato when apparently the cheesesteaks are where its at. Will I be back? Probably.just to try a cheesesteak!
This place has been solid in the past- since all the new managers have come in the service is not as good- food still remains above average.
Awful. Good food poisoning.
My favorite bagel place in town.  I usually buy a dozen and once I get home, I pop it in the freezer and each time I wanted one, I just throw it in the microwave for a minute and wha la... we have a bagel that taste as if it was just freshly baked.
This airport is pretty huge. It has a real nice area by the food that has a bunch of rocking chairs by the windows. The seating areas are a little dated and the chairs are pretty beat. Otherwise, it's an airport so I don't expect too much
Good food, and an excellent dessert selection, but not worth paying over $40/person for the gourmet dinner on the weekends. I was expecting quite a bit more selection or higher quality for that price.
Not really gonna spend too much time on this one, Ive been here twice and my first experience was bad. The second could be broken down like this, 10 dollar beers, 16 dollar mixed drinks and no water. If you want water your gonna have to pay 8 dollars. smh, wont be returning
Amazing coffee!
Yucky yucky yuck pizza undercooked and bbq chkn looking like charcoal at least we got refunded right away big mess of food. Yikes defy will not order again.
Fun, Free activity in Vegas.  We wondered around the Bellagio for a while afterward, it is our favorite hotel in Las Vegas.
Perfect teppanyaki experience, both me and my girlfriend ordered the filet, and not only was it an amazing price but it was melt-in-your-mouth delicious! We'll definitely be going there again!!!! And their fried rice is also amazing!
Best Vape shop in Vegas and not far from the strip. Top notch service and overall great atmosphere! Won't got anywhere else while I'm in town!
I got the Las Vegas roll which was fried yet served cold. The wait service was lacking and the sushi itself was average albeit a little scary to eat. Served with pink ginger, which is always a red flag to me.
Stopped here for a day pass.\nExtremely friendly staff and people\nGreat working environment\nDefinitely will stop by the next time I'm in town and need a productive workspace!
Some of the best Thai food any where. Highly recommend!
This is a FABULOUS place for traditional Chinese desserts--very fresh and the service is excellent!
The House Special Chow Fun noodle was good. However, there is a lack of seasoning but it still a good food so far. Gotta try the Chow Mein next time!
Not impressed! The food all looks old would rather spend a couple extra dollars for fresh stuff!
Not a bad place to rest if you want a drink. The dancing girls are entertaining.
recommend by my friends. spicy scallop shell,snow crab legs,green mussel,bbq style ,all the food is good
A solid burger and the sauce station is a nice novelty.  About a half star better and dollar or two more expensive then its corporate cousin over at Smash Burger.
Service was excellent as well as the food. Everything came out perfect and was prompt. Will definitely return if in the area!
Great happy hours, great service if you lucky to get Aaron and a place to be suggested.\nThanks for being in business for such a long time.
My absolutely favorite - healthy, fresh food, great price. \nIt's very hard to find healthy food in Las Vegas and this place is a safe choice.
A great indoor place to bring the kids for something fun to do.  Highly recommend!
The menu was very extensive for a Hawaiian restaurant. I had Teriyaki chicken which consisted of quite a lot of delicious marinated chicken with huge portions of rice and macaroni salad for just a little over $10.00. I had some left over for dinner another day. The service was good and the ambience casual and comfortable.
I love this place. Doesn't look like much but they get the job done an really care about your wallet and car. I love the honesty too. Like everyone else said, don't judge a book by its cover!
Excellent service and menu options.  It was a short wait and we were promptly sat and greeted.  All around a great meal and experience!!
Worth the money. Great views with portholes periodically in the \"fencing\" for your camera. Try to time your trip up so you see the Bellagio water fountain show across the way.
Just ate lunch here and not impressed. I have been to a few buffets on the strip and this is one of the worst. Runny potatoes, cold sausage, and just a bad selection. Take a walk down to planet Hollywood instead you won't regret it.\n\nThis review was from July 2013.
I have been there twice for takeout. \nThe dumplings were outstanding. Best I have ever had from a restaurant. The curry dishes we tried were heavenly, and most important they don't fake the heat. So if it says hot it is hot, and thats how I like it.
We ate at prime almost a year ago, and I forgot to leave a review. Very large portions, very accommodating and awesome staff, and one of the best meals we've ever eaten in our lives. It was pricey, but definitely was a big part of our amazing Las Vegas experience.
I always enjoy eating here. Highly recommend eating their Parmesan crusted chicken & white chocolate macadamia pizooki!
A great place to eat, watch a sporting event.
Get there early.  The lines are long and the space is small.  I like the concept, but I think it has out grown its current space.
This is a great family owned Mexican food restaurant. It recently opened and has been a great success with the local community. They serve tacos, sopes, burritos, enchiladas, etc. The staff is friendly and the restaurant is very clean. I would definitely recommend trying the chiles rellenos!
The food is average, nothing special but the service is worse. I'm not going back. Unfriendly wait staff.
I golfed this course in November 2014. The fairways were pretty nice and it's always gorgeous over in ahwatukee.  The golf cart paths are not kept up real well and beverage service shutdown at 3:30 on a Sunday.  I thought the rates were very fair and I would go back and golf it again.
The food was good and the atmosphere was cute for a deli. Upon the recommendation from the waitress I got the Bourne Farm and it was quite delicious. It was raining so I could not enjoy the beer garden out back, but I will certainly return to check it out.
Sunshine cafe is a great place to have a home cooked meal while out and about. Great food great prices great service.
Prices for tickets have recently increased from $18 to $25 for premium seats.\nThat's a little steep for a movie, even with comfortable chairs and wait service. We don't plan to return unless they have some kind of special or prices go back down.... which is not likely.
I can't get enough of the vegan pizza and garlic fries at Pop Up. The garlic fries usually come with Parmesan, but ask for no cheese and they are dairy-free and so good. The vegan pizza has just the right amount of daiya cheese and delish veggies (artichokes!).
Second time here, food was great, drinks were great and our server Rose did a great job.
Their customer service was excellent but the baby back ribs were horrible. I still think bobby q's has the best fall off the bone ribs.
i love to support a local natural foods store.  This place is very convenient and close to me. it is never busy and prices are good too.
Right on the cup it states \" Made fresh daily\" Our Gelato was not fresh at all!!! It had a old or freezer burnt taste. Very disappointing!!! Go to Frost in Gilbert for real Fresh Gelato!
They have great food here. The customer service was great at night time and I loved the atmosphere. I didn't care for the atmosphere as much in the day time. They were a little to strict and pushy on the all you can eat rules. But overall this place rocks! Definitely a good find in the southwest area.
Pretty good selection of vinyl but they could do with a few more of the obscure selections.  I'm a man who loves to dig crates and uncover lost treasure.
The best coffee you can get this side of Mississippi! The place is the comfy, the people are awesome and the food even better. \n\nIf your are in the neighborhood and you go elsewhere for coffee, you must be stupid.
Just an ordinary las vegas casino buffet. \n\nNothing special-american,asian,italian and bbq. none of it was good. The bbq was a real joke-everything just covered in awful sauce.\n\ndesserts were ok but nothing fancy
This location has closed...now it makes sense why they were out of everything and didn't want to give out players card for free play but based on that experience I wont be visiting the other location on Marks either.
This place shocked T-Bone.\nHe hate pepperoni, but...\nTheir rolls are just wow.
EXCELLENT and attentive services, food is fresh, the combo dinner was a bit salty to my taste
The food was terrible, and service was terrible. We were charged for food that we were never served nor ever ordered.
The young cubs were playing with each other on the top tier so we felt pretty fortunate to catch that.  We promptly headed to dinner.  :p
Eh it was ok. I got grossed out by the sushi chefs not wearing gloves. It could of been the way their hands looked? I dunno! I am not sure if they should be wearing gloves?  I wasn't impressed by the sushi. The ambience was nice though!
Our wedding was amazing!! Chris really put this together and was able to read the crowd and play songs I did not even think of. A+++ very reasonable priced. Would use him all over again.
Took over 30 minutes to serve a fried appetizer and two salads. Salads were missing avocados. Only 4 people in entire restaurant. Truly ridiculous. Horrible service, horrible food.  Don't go here.
Great lunch specials!  I work nearby, and they have excellent lunch deals that include the price of the beverage.  Their hot & sour soup ranks way up there, and the Mongolian Beef is also top notch.
We ordered kids meal, jr whopper, whopper & chicken club. We had to park? K? Food was fresh but I know what they were doing, they are trying to trick the timer and speed of service. We were the ONLY car. Annoying.
Ordered takeout breakfast with my colleagues and there was a white/gray hair in my food 0_o  Never ever again will I eat here! Eww! Hair nets, clean hands and proper sanitation is so very important. I hope no one else has an experience like that here.
Went to tacos El Gordo today after hearing about how great it was  and it was really good,  the line was long and standing in the different lines for different meat was challenging while I was starving but the AL pastor was great,  the tacos were tasty and I would definitely go back again for sure.
If you're willing to fork out the money -- you too can taste the best steak and lobster bisque on the planet.
Horrible!!!!  This place is so dirty that I regretted getting my nails done here. The more I looked around the more I wanted to run.  No customer service and the male helper was more interested in watching tv, sitting on his rear and smoking cigarettes while customers sat in filth.  Never going close to this place again.
Great staff, new menu items delicious. Love the margaritas, all made with fresh lime juice. House margarita is outstanding. \nOutdoors seating limited yet fun with the colorful chairs, umbrellas etc...
From the outside it seems nice and the location is convienent if you live downtown. But in all honesty this is the worst library in Phoenix.  Littered with homeless and all of the employees are very rude!!
Keep this place a secret. \nI'm a foodie and a food critic, this is my go to place for Thai. Nothing disappoints.
Quick & efficient service but very noisy. You know what you're getting for you buck & the food is consistent.
Fantastic food!!! So good that even as you get too full you just can't stop eating.
Not a bad place to stay. The price is great and it is right on Freemont Street. The rooms are old, yes, but they are clean. The only negative part of our experience is the rude waitresses, and the servers who are scarce when you are playing the penny and nickel slot machines. We had to practically track them down!
Delicious burger.  Awesome salted caramel shake.
Nice to look at, but it's much more crowded and everything's more expensive than the NYC location.
Service - 7\nAtmosphere - 6\nFood - 8\nVegetarian Friendly - 8\nGeneral Awesomeness - 8\n\nWe did lunch here on a weekday and had a great meal.  I can't say much about dinner, but I would come again for lunch anytime!
I like their coffee and I am happy to support a locally owned establishment. Good product and fair prices. Thanks for opening it!
Not as good as it once was. The food is good and the service is nice and friendly but I think the food is not as good as it once was.  I use to love fighting the crowds to eat here.  I still like the place but I have had better in the past.
This is a couple steps up from places like panda express, but I have had better. It's kind of a small, quaint sort of restaurant. Price is about as normal as any other Chinese food place.
Went for the first time and I probably won't be going back. The sushi tasted like store bought sushi from a carton. This does not even compare to Kona grill.
Officially my new munchie spot
Hash House is a unique place with food mainly unlike other restaurants.  Huge portions with generous use of quality ingredients keep me coming back!  I love their breakfast skillets and burgers - both loaded with avocado!
Worst service ever for a little bagel shop. Needs more staff or a new system in place for efficiency.
Super standard post office.  It's small so there's always a line, but they have the automated machines here.  Kind of disappointing that when I buy a stamps at the machine, it custom prints them and they're not normal forever stamps.  Also the machine is slow as balls.
James arrived on time and ready to aid and solve my concerns. He did a good job. Prices are steep but you get what you pay for, good service.
Excellent. Better than Banquise in my opinion. Go for the classic poutine (always) or give the pogo poutine a try.
The food is good, healthy and fresh. I usually opt for the chicken shawarma with a Greek salad.\n\nThe staff is always polite and attentive. One of my favorite quick, healthy and inexpensive spots.
Amazing amazing new York style pizza! White pizza, delicious. Chicken fingers are to die for with  \"those guys pies\" sriracha sauce!
Dry fried chicken and mediocre waffles, poor service. Just because you have a lot of food doesn't mean its any great if its all subpar to supermarket fried chicken.  I can't recommend, especially after having Bru's Wiffles in Santa Monica. Doesn't even come close.
Garlic naan bread and BBQ flavored  chicken, tastes ok but not looking to eat American food. Don't get me wrong the garlic bread was tasty but unexpected when I mixed it with my curry chicken, boo
It is a very nice place to go and have a great ambiance, but I don't think the cost defines the food. The sushi and sashime are very fresh and good, but nothing you can't find for cheaper and with equal quality. Service was very friendly and professional with great recommendations.
Z the bar tender is a dutche.  I was playing 5 dollar hands and he would only comp half of my drinks.  According to rules he should have comped all plus tip..
Best to shop here after Christmas for good deals.
Don't get a car wash from the pump unless u plan on going inside to get a receipt u can actually read(and its all the pumps not just one).  Also be ready for attitude from Lori when she has to stop talking to \"regulars\" to do her job.
Pizza is nothing special. Canned mushrooms, spinach, and shrimp. Sauce and cheese ordinary. We will not go back
It was awesome. I was just passing through Phoenix and found this place on Yelp, I would suggest you go.
Blah; the food is .... I should have read more review an noticed that mainly folks love the drink here an nothing about the food. Side note; the steak tartar was ok; but the steak house on the side offers a pretty good one.
I don't know what the other reviewer's were complaining about. Great service at the bar. You must try really hard to pour a bad beer. Food was good but I could not eat enough of it. Everything is made from scratch! We totally enjoyed everything we ordered. And I love that there is a patio for day drinking on nice days.
GROSS! \n\nIt was like every roll that we ordered was drenched in a teriyaki sauce. The sushi was craptastic and the price sure as hell didn't reflect it. The service was okay, I was surprised at how fast they got the sushi out to us..
Service is horrible food below average and expensive.  Been there 10 times bwcause we can walk there. I wont drop another dime there.  Oreganos opening next door and Tia rosas ww cant wait!
Totally recommended. Top notch customer service, price and quality. Made our decision easy. And delivery by today! What?!? Thanks to Andrew & Ron!
Great atomsphere and large inside with multiple pool tables, huge dance floor and private tables.  I went here with a group of friends on a Thursday night and it was surprisingly packed.  The hot bartenders pour strong drinks on the cheap and the crowd was fun to hang out with.  Probably one of the better gay bars in Vegas.
The beer flight (I had the Big Boy) was really delicious, including chimay, and was a nice price. \nI can't give any start for the fish, which was 80% breading and 20% actual fish. Fatties (fries were yummy!)\nGood service, nice atmosphere.
Food came out fast and it was tasty.  The made special vegetarian rolls for some in my party, which is always a plus.  Prices are very affordable and I would go back.
We split an Irish Skillet. HUGE. Neither of us could finish our half. Really tasty. I enjoyed the melted cheddar. The cinnamon and raisin pot of bread was like a light and fluffy cinnamon roll. A nice addition. The staff was super nice and attentive.
Crowded but worth the hour long wait for breakfast. My favorite was the cheese grits (which they offer as a substitute for breakfast potatoes). The red chile sauce was also a favorite. \n\nThe ambiance is loud and crowded but I am willing to overlook for their great food.
Great portions, affordable and large selection are the 3 things that come to  ind when describing Carolina Prime Steakhouse.  Although the steaks are not much to write home about, the selections and pairings are plentyful.  You will not leave this place hungry that is for sure.    Their lunch specials are the best!
Excellent, fresh food and wonderful service.
nice and easy check in.  \n\nwanted to go to the pool and jacuzzi.  both were cold.\n\nroom was good for the price.
After Planet Dailies and Trader Vic's, I was soooooo happy to land at P F Chang's.  Good food, pretty good service, resonable prices.  Only a few minor negatives, but I much preferred P F Chang's.
Just moved out to Pittsburgh from San Diego and I was so shocked to find they serve Carne Asada here. This shop is a life saver when I want to have some authentic mexican food.
Open 24 hours. Much less crowded than Wal-Mart but a little more expensive.
Don't expect to be greeted,  it's dark and gloomy,  the ladies are rude,  too rough too quick.  But then the results were good,  and it's so close to my home.  Should I complain,  should I just bite my lip and bare it?
First spot we hit up in Montreal.  Our waitress was very friendly and helpful being that we weren't from Canada.  Service was good.  We had appetizers and drinks.   Poutine tour was very good.
The room is great. The bar was a big disappointment. We sat at the bar for 5 minutes & didn't even get an acknowledgement from any if the 3 bartenders. The bar is not even busy. Two people came in after us got their drinks. I guess our money is not green! Wtf!
The coffee is full and rewarding. I have had just as good, I can make just as good. When I frequent a coffee shop I demand service. The two times I invested at Cartel, I was served arrogance and expectations as customer.
Went there twice on our short trip to Scottsdale because the food and service was so good. They have so many breakfast choices and the kids menu was just perfect for my two little ones. Great prices only downside for us was that they only accept cash. I had read that on here ahead of time though so it was no surprise.
Good neighborhood spot. Pizza and food is good. Price is very reasonable and staff is friendly. There is better pizza in the area but for the price it is really good and my kids gobble it up. not a bad little neighbourthood pizza joint.
Service was top-notch.
This salon uses home improvement tools on your feet (like a Dremel sanding tool). They aren't changing the sanding pad in between customers. They told me they bought it at Home Depot. I have since found out that this is illegal!
Honest and fast, very knowledgeable.
This location builds half the sandwich as the other valley locations. 10 bucks for bread and condiments! F this location!
Excellent food and service. Had the chicken bento box ($9) for lunch came with tons of food. Also had the green tea crime br\u00fbl\u00e9e, unbelievably delicious. Will be back here soon!
They updated the online scheduler to include clearly marked levels.  Thats a boost for me.
Food was great so fresh and authentic. I bought the taco salad and my hubby got the alambre (not sure on the name) but it was delicious. The owner is great he came out and made us feel like family love love love will go again!
I had a great experience here. I got a gel manicure with design and spa pedicure with french and a sea salt scrub/ massage for only 60$!! That's a good deal and the customer service was great. The give you an ice cold bottle of water when you come in. Definitely coming back.
Big elvis was a lotta fun.  And I am not even an elvis fan!  It was a great show.  You have to get there early in order to get a seat.  Oh and dont forget about the one dollar margaritas!
Not exceptional but not everyone can't be Yogurtland. Service is good they have many toppings but the yogurt itself could be better. My least favorite yogurt so far
A very fun place! Great Drag Queens, good DJ and good vibe. Bonus- there was no cover the night I went(Sunday).
The ice cream is good. Haven't tried the cupcakes at this location yet but I will, I've tried them in LA though. I wish they could find a way to make their cookie warm. I hate cold cookies. I also heard they have a gluten free cupcake which is a big plus!
Initially, I was going to take my car to another place but the wait was too long. I used yelp to find another place nearby. There is not a lot to say. This place is close to home, fast and cheap.
Great curry, beef salad and noodle dishes.  Not as spicy as first time I came here but they have ground flakes on the table along with soy and fish sauce.  Always enjoy eating here when I'm on this end of town.
Ok, as a kid I didn't get it.  It wasn't until I am older that I love their hamburgers.  You have to get a double to really enjoy the taste of the meat.  I'm so glad that they are finally moving out west.  Someone please open one up in Camarillo.
This place is horrible. Our fried rice was burnt. Egg rolls were soggy and undercooked. The chicken was slimy. This place is disgusting.  We have ordered twice and both times it was the same way. Do not waste your money on bad Chinese food.
Nice for breakfast
This location is out of business.
Casino review: keep walking..... That's my review! Fitz, Nugget, Golden Gate much better gambling and much more personal dealers!!
Consider this your typical diner with nothing fancy about it. i am a fan of places like this for the simple yet delicious food. Especially nice when you need to cure that hangover. The coffee and food are great for the price. Probably the best inexpensive diner in the area.
This place sucks A$$!!  Service sucks, management, and  atmosphere!!  See ya, were staying clear of here. Rather go eat the buffet at Green valley ranch!!
Excellent food, excellant service and great environment.  Fantastic happy hour deals and you can't beat the 99\u00a2 hand poured margaritas on Mondays.  The green chile Marylou is one of our favorites.
Today was my second time there. Tried the California Club and the Turkey Club. Both were excellent! Iced green tea is so refreshing.
Borderline OK only if you're in a pinch and short on cash but that's about it. Definitely many better choices out there.
I visited this shop after being really disappointed in another shop close by. This place is great. A great selection of beads, lots of them are unique which I couldn't get enough of. The prices were reasonable and the staff was accommodating when I needed assistance. Will definitely be back.
Fast, friendly service even though they were crazy busy. Our sandwiches were tasty like usual. Love the smoked cheddar cheese!
Think the food will be good... If it ever gets here. One waitress working a crowd of about 100 customers. I get that it must go in spurts due to flights, but this is extraordinarily bad. Don't come if you're hungry.
Good food fast. Even when crowded late-night. Had the chicken Philly and it was lovely.
Your meal will have many meats. If you are into that kind of thing, you'll love Nostrano.
Never had a coffee served so fancy w drawings on the top ha.. I'll take it though. Very chic and contemporary (if you're into that) they also have a liquor bar :)
Awful service. One of our friends was told he had a fake ID and is 23. They bent his ID in half and called the cops. Hour and a half later the cops confirm its real, management refused to come out and apologize nor give us anything for wasting our time. Will never be back there again.
Maybe they should close for a couple weeks and do a major deep clean, both inside and out!  Even the menus were stuck together!
Typical Vegas buffet. I ordered the vanilla bean French toast with fresh berries. Very yummy and filling. But again typical $4.99 for a glass of OJ. Wait time at 1130 was about 30 minutes. It also took a long time for the server to come over and take our drinks order.
just read the other reviews :)
work done was professional, fast, and got awsome deal without breaking the bank. im a life time customer and recommend anyone and everyone to stop by. the knowledge of staff and quality of work is a breath of fresh air.
I had the falafel sandwich for a quick lunch, tasty, not overpowering and enjoyed it.
This restaurant is seriously good.  Definitely a fan of their asian nachos & omelettes! Whenever I'm in Vegas, within the vicinity of Venetian, i'm down to munch here! Service is excellent. Though, it can get super busy on weekends!
Good shop, good work, good prices.  Russ is great!
Tried only few things. It's very hard not to make good italian sausage sandwich.... The same goes for calamari and salad\nHighly overrated
The views are amazing. Located right next to Heinz Field, and the Fort Duquesne and Veterans Bridges. Rooms are a bit small for the prices that they offer.
There was a salesgirl named Jen here and she was great! She was this little bubbly thing and helped me get into my size four birthday dress........thanks!!!!!!
Amazing flavors, I have made homemade pizza with the Cilantro Garlic and herb olive oil and I used the White Peach vinaigrette with mustard to make a dipping sauce for my delicious homemade bagel bites. Simple delicious, simply new, simply fresh, the Dipping Well will serve all of your needs.
next time I get the once in a blue moon urge to visit a casino, I'm just going to take $20 out of my wallet and rip it in half.
I will give it 3 Stars the new staff are very professional kind and move with the speed of a Chester cat lol unlike the old staff...Also the place is spotless.
A smoker's delight.  The suite smells like an ashtray and the HVAC blows second hand smoke in my room.  There were college kids partying in the hallways til about 4 am.  The casino is a smokey hell hole.  ON the plus side, it was pretty cheap and the pool was nice.
Love love love Rita's. They change up the flavors everything is great we always get the fruit flavored. So good.
This place was so yummy! My husband had huevos rancheros and I had burrito. The owner is super nice
Failed company. Liars. Bad customer service and bad representatives on the phone with bad attitude and I cannot forget the smartassness of the manager on the phone.
Great staff.  Love the new menu.  Always friendly.  Like the cigar smoke room .
Got a great tan before heading to Texas, when I got there everyone was talking about tanning beds and wondering how I got such a great Tan.  I highly recommend!!!!!
I came for SHOT Show, not the porn convention, I swear.  There is not much to say about convention centers other than they serve their purpose.  The Sands does just that.  Provide a large space, bathrooms and sub-par, overpriced refreshments.  Check, check and check.
Absolutely delicious ramen, every ingredient made from scratch to perfection. I had the Paitan with pork belly and cracklings, spicy corn and kimchi. Amazing. The owners are here. She greets you, he cooks. Patio, dining room and bar. You gotta check it out.
They close the Hilton Honors lounge on the week ends. Very disappointing because they only offer you one drink card to replace the lounge. Very unusual for a Hilton , seems to be a mini Hilton in many respects. Not what I am use to in services, for a Hilton would be ok as a Best Western and the rates should then be lower.
Experience it to know why it's 5 star
The reviews in here were right in. The portions are huge!  I had the hash and eggs with a blueberry muffin. It was good! Just a lot to eat but I did after not eating for most of day.
Great food, friendly service.  Quiet, hole in the wall kinda place.
Prices are way high for a breakfast place. Over 25 dollars for two adults. Cute atmosphere, but the food, which sounded unique and delicious on the menu, did not live up to the talk. Super disappointed.
Great hookah and food.  Love the kanafe. Dj was awesome and service was excellent.  Prefect place to chill on a Saturday evening.
I am not a 1 star kind of gal, but this place deserves it. A nearly two hour wait (though there appeared to be room), unpleasant hostesses, extremely bland food, and a strange behaving waiter, all conspired to an unenchanting evening wasted on this place.
Mayflower in Concord = Bay Breeze in Mableton! The fish was fresh, the hushpuppies bites were really good. Matt our server was very nice. Overall a good experience.
Use to go here at least once a week but customer service became awful and there is better sushi and customer service else where. I no longer go there even though I live close.
Just ordered the steak burrito. I thought the meat was good but on the whole a very simple meal..nothing special. Decent delivery time and decent prices makes this a decent place to order from.
Great time at the Children's Museum! Our 5 year old loved the \"Noodle Room\", the 7 year old really enjoyed the \"Art Studio\".  We packed a lunch and enjoyed ourselves in the shade outside!  We will definitely be back!
Good service and decent food.  Deceptively sweet/spicy wing sauce - I was disappointed with the spice level of my buffalo chicken salad until I was about half way through it and I realized... yep... a nice burn had appeared.  Very enjoyable.
Walked in on saturday night. Restaurant half empty but was turned away cuz no reservation (along with 2 other parties)! Promptly booked reservations on opentable and got seated. Food good but service and general operations will doom this place to a short life:(
BEWARE they do not served crab legs M-F until dinner.My waitress LD or JD was wonderful.They had a different variety of foods.Will not go again.
CLOSED.....These guys lasted about two months...they're gone now, replaced by Zza's Pizza...will review it once I've tried it. But I gotta say, it's a funky location, and location's everything.
This place is absolutely amazing! Greg, the owner is fantastic and always had a great wine for me to try.\n\nI even asked him to contact a small brewery to get my favorite new beer and it'll be in stock at the end of the month. \nI can't say enough good things about this bar.
Addicted to the place had to go back to get my lunch for the week but this time I order for pick up and let me say they are fast , they had it done in 10 minutes so by the time I got there it was ready and waiting for me.
I wish I could give 0 star to this terrible Verizon store. One star is even too much. This is the worst experience I have ever had with any company. The rep was 1000 times worse than car salesmen Seriously, take my word for it and don't do any business with them.
Been coming to Spokes for their happy hour.  It is a nice place with a good happy hour. Their chips and queso is amazing! I highly recommend it! Rumor has it they put IPA in it.. Super yummy!!!
Dee-Lish-us. That is all!
The tequila shots were watered down. Rip off. Only 10 people there on a Friday night, and many seemed to be on X. \nMusic was good, DJ good.
It's a family own restaurant. I love their kabobs.... Excellent customer service. Would come back. This is not a restaurant by itself but it's connected to a small supermarket. More like fast food than dine in.
$16 a person if you're willing to ride with other people or $64 for a private ride. It is an entertaining 13 minute ride but not really worth the price. Feel free to scratch this from your trip ... you're really not missing out.
The staff there is a hit and miss they xar be awesome and resoursefull or compleat ass holes eather way i find what i need and out in a decent time
First time here and will definitely be back! I had the original Picato and it was FANTASTIC!!!! The place was very clean and the staff was well versed on the menu and very friendly and helpful! Can't wait to come back and try something else!!
I love their samosa chaat, every time I'm in Vegas I just go here for samosa chaat. It's amazing!
It's not that bad... The interior/branding is pretty annoying, but the tacos were decent. They have a few things on the menu for breakfast, which I may try if I'm around again.\n\nThe habanero sauce doesn't seem hot, but it sneaks up on you.
I love it! This bar is so great, intimate, and much more spacious than you'd expect! It fulfills my desire for a \"dive\" bar combined with a very quirky, personal, homey atmosphere.
3 hours on a Sunday and I'm still in the waiting room. Was told it would be 1 hour to 1.5 hours due to only 1 doctor being in today. I'm not even in a room. Staff is friendly but the wait is horrific!
Used my Groupon for a massage and blow out. Massage was very relaxing. Shampoo and style were ok. Stylist was a little slow to style my hair, as he was using a blow dryer that wasn't very powerful. Overall a pleasant experience. Friendly staff and central location. I will book a repeat appointment.
Outstanding!  Love the crust, the perfectly cooked toppings, you can tell they use high quality ingredients, and really care about delivering a great, consistent product. Our new favorite!
I am so in love with this place its not even funny. Everything about it is spectacular. I go here every single chance I get, really. The coffee is divine!
Best ceviche had since travelled in Peru years ago. Very authentic and great helpings - had the lomo saltado and anticuchios which were delicious. Service very warm - perhaps overly attentive! Decor - authentic I suppose :p but doesn't compromise eating experience.
Made to Order Fresh Food, Fresh Ingredients, Clean Restaurant  and Friendly Staff. I eat there at least once a week. Highly Recommended. Best Mexican Fast Food. Nothing Bad on the Menu.
Second time here and just as good as the first- everyone should check this place out!
Nice ambiance but pasta was dry and cold
Place is under new ownership, Gyro Express.  Am sad to see the old owner go, he was really nice and I wish him the best!
Great diner with tons of vegetarian and vegan options.   They even have the Trempeleau walnut burger!! My husband got the Elvis shake, which was beautiful and he must have liked because he gobbled it up.
Love the take out here.  Very easy to order online and to pick it up. Not a hassle at all.
Terrible work.  Driver door rubs.  Hood does not line up. Bumper was loose.   My insurance company gavr me my deductable back. I do not reccomend this place. Very poor work
Service is horrible there.  You would think for a sports gambling place they would attempt to liquor you up, but we had to hunt down our waitress several times and eventually left.
I had a bad experience with the service of the place.
Slow slow slow!! Came to get a pre-employment pee test done. No one in waiting room at all and still waited almost 45 min to be seen!
It's a cute place and you get a pretty nice view of the city once you get to the top.  It's a nice place to visit if you want to explore Pittsburgh.
If I have a choice of sushi places in Scottsdale, Sushi Brokers is always my first choice. It is much more fresh than Ra!
Horrible door men and promoters. Waited in line 20 mins after being comped. Got to the door and told couldn't get in without a ticket. Bullsh*t. Do not go here.
Good spot in market square for drinks and food. Great appetizers and wide selection of tequila. Not a fan of their soups. \nBartender named Richard was nice enough to let me print my ticket for justin timberlake. Slower service but overall always have a great time there! Limited seating at the bar.
Mediocre food, terrible service, overpriced. Stick to in and Out. This place is overrated
Manager's. Coach your employees which window is what. When a customer is pulling up. The first window is #1 to us not #2. There's no signs. They need to listen and pay attention. This is the 2nd huge mishap. #1. this job isn't that hard. Horrible!!!!
Good but not great ... the taco is tasty (well I should say the meat) but everything else is just average.  Not bad but nothing to be amazed about.  Fast service and no complaints.  A great place to get your Mexican food fix on.
This place is in our neighborhood and is very delcious! They have a special it's buy 2 rolls get one free! Rocky is so funny and nice he's one of the guys who creates the delicious rolls! Whenever I need a quick bite I come here!
The absolute best tart cabbage/noodle soup and dumplings EVER!  It was awesome.
Overpriced and sub-par food. \n\nThey had a lot of choices for the lunch buffet we tried today, but some dishes seemed stale: some of the weeks including mango custard, chilli chicken, 'jalebi'. \n\nOverpriced.
Customer Service sucks. Last week I waited a half hour for fabric and then yesterday the employees were standing around as the return counter filled. I will never go back to this walmart. I wish I could post pictures,\nOutrageous.
The wife and I love this place and have ate here too many times to count. Great salads, gyros, and pita pizzas. It's a popular and fairly healthy joint, one of the best places to get a good dinner for $10-20 I've found.
$15 for guacamole.\n\nThat's almost all I need to say. \n\nYep, I think that's all I'm going to say.
I LOVE Picazzo's!\n\nEverything I've gotten here is really great and they have TONS of options for people avoiding gluten, dairy, and even soy!
If you're looking to gain weight really fast, this is the place to go. There must be crack or something in these warm Cinnabons. Yummmm!!!
Clean, nice decor, comfortable seating, reasonable priced, good home style cooking, no complaints from this Yelper, I do like home style cooking with quality and you'll get that here.  Do think their average Overall Rating should be at least 3, I really see no reason to ding them on anything.  Went for breakfast only.
It was nice. Not too over the top in pricing. Cool atmosphere. Food was fantastic as well. Will definately go back.
When we walked in we were the only ones there and the person working didn't have a  great understanding of the menu. Our food took a long time to come out and when we got it the food didn't seem to the highest quality and was overly sweet like we were eating syrup or dessert I wouldn't recommend it.
Average shio broth. Ramen was too thick and not al dente enough. A bit like ramen packets.
My daughter is 2 and she started her lessons in December of last year, and I really love it.  Her teacher is Ms.Christl and shes really good.  My baby loves going every week, to see her in the water is amazing, I wish I would have let her start a little earlier than she did.
I think it is a bit pricey for a super casual family restaurant.  The kids meals are like $6 each!  Also, as a vegetarian that doesn't care much for pizza the choice was EXTREMELY limited.  I had a dinner salad and a cheese hoagie.  Would much rather eat somewhere else.
Everything you could want from a buffet!
I got the worst food poisoning I have ever had in my life from this place. It has been three days and I'm still having trouble eating and digesting food. I do not recommend eating here
Took a date here on Thursday, July 3rd and had a great time.  The food was good, the service was excellent and we enjoyed the live music.  I would recomend the restaurant.
Really poor service, and extremely mediocre food, at least for brunch. They had a nice draft list, so I'd be willing to check it out for happy hour.
the food is far off from what is served in hollywood, ca
A great place to hang out, networking or basically just doing some works!. Free Wi-Fi. Great Interior and atmosphere,  and the important thing is Great Coffee !. I always order Sumatra.\n\nOnce in a while I order the desserts, they are amazing !
Loved this place...took my mom for mothers day and we were there for 5 hours getting wonderful services and had lunch by the pool. Cant wait to go back
A mix of families, dates, casual, and nicely dressed people.  Good food, priced a bit high, but to be expected in an area like this.   But mostly its about the ambiance.  A live, light-jazz band playing amid the balconies, flowering plants, multiple levels, and open-air environment.
I came back to try the loose leaf. I was disappointed to see the tea tins were dusty and obviously don't sell well. I guess since this is more a coffee shop than tea place I should not be surprised. I will stick to the coffee!
Great little hole in the wall place. Great service, no waiting and food taste good.
They boast that they have the worlds best pancakes - and it is true! Each bite tastes like toasted butter! Quick and friendly service, cheap, and located inside the Golden Gate Casino.
It's like almost being in Mexico on Isla Mujeres. \nVery comfortable the food is great as well as the service a must go if you have not been here, the lunches a reasonable and filling, plenty of chips and salsa very friendly staff.
Pretty good service for fast food.
People rave about this place but I don't get it.  It is an average buffet.  Quantity is there but I expected better quality.  Things may look nice but tastes is not so special.
So we were hung up on again will trying to get the key the opportunity,to correct her problems. Very unprofessional if you sold equipment that work there would be no issue. If looking for appliances go to Home Depot or Lowe's
I used to like this place because the way they cook their food is amazingly good until the portion got really smaller. Used to be one order of fried rice is good for 3 people now one order is only for one person that's how bad the portion is. I ordered red curry and chicken pad Thai same thing the portion is really small.
i love all rite aid stores 20% off
Love this store but didn't really find anything I really wanted to plunk down a huge chunk of change on... Sales staff were much more pleasant to talk to than the assholes at Neiman Marcus.
They need to change their name to soggy crepe. The only reason they're getting 2 stars is that the filling of the maple \"crisp\" (not crispy) cheesecake crepe was tasty.  \nEven the coffee was watered down and ill-prepared. Save your money.
We went for lunch. The food was just ok. Cheese in my calazone very rubbery.  All the tables were dirty and the booths smelled like dirty dish rags. A spider crawled up my arm halfway through. I told the server and we switched to another dirty table. Will not go there again.
This is a great spot! They have a variety of coffees, teas and pastries. I go here quite a bit when working remote and it's quiet and relaxing with no interruptions. The staff is friendly and service is quick.\n\nI'd strongly recommend.
Just ok...but I've only tried the dessert stuff.
They make really strong drinks here.  If you want to get wasted, order the Volcano.  The last time I was here we tried the Conch and it was yummy.  I haven't tasted the full menu.  The music is good here, but the club wasn't as happening as it used to be.
The store it self is good. No issues. The pharmacy however is terrible. Wait times are 40min to over an hour easy. Terrible service.
Great place to finish of the night after Fremont. Drinks ok price, depending on the DJ you can request songs!
The food was great ! However one of the front hosts was quite rude and unaccommodating .  We asked if we could order for our little one while we waited , and were told we could only pre-order if it was stuffed crust or pan but not off the kids menu . Huh??!
Sound and lighting are good. Stage visibility is good  Seats can be weird if you need to turn around to see. 2 drink minimum sucks but its pretty standard for comedy clubs. Wine is a heavy poor though. Waiters are overworked but very friendly and fast. Tons of parking.
I'm not the biggest fan of chicken fingers, but this place had delicious as hell chicken fingers. But that's all. Not much else to it.
I've been disappointed with this place more times than not.  The fries are often cold and the beef just doesn't taste that fresh and the sandwich is put together sloppy.\n\nBecause of this store I've had to give up Arby's in Vegas.
It's good for a McDonalds.  Nice, clean, and fast.  The staff is polite.  I like that the d\u00e9cor is upscale for a McDs.
Delicious gyro and chicken souvlaki pitas!! Also the staff is very nice and friendly!
Great food, good service.
I was impressed.  This place offers great value for your dollar.  Everything is hand made from scratch (including the pita bread).  The owners clearly care about their product and it shows in food.\n\nI've never written a Yelp review before and this food was so good I was inclined to tell the world.
5 stars for food, and one star for service. Our waitress was horrible! She came to us without saying anything expect \"are you ready to order?\" Never checked on us expect towards the end to bring the check. The busser was pretty much our server. Left a 18% tip only because of the busser.
Open after midnight on New Years, how awesome. All I really remember is the guy with the electronic pad to place orders, kind of like the in n out ones and picking up our fries and cheeseburgers and eating them upstairs in bed a few minutes later. YAY!
Not any better prices than the strip- but clean, a bit far out than I like.
We wanted to go to a place away from the strip. I'm sooooo happy we've found this no nonsense eatery. Plenty of great food, friendly and superb service.
Love these guys.  Its always quick and painless.  They are the GY6 experts.
Very average-seafood was cold and not highest quality-for this price it should be great-and our server was goofy-and chauvanistic
I asked for a burger done medium, they brought out the most charred, burnt, disgusting burger I have ever had. Two stars because they didn't make me pay for it. Not going back.
Very helpful, and fast service! Only took 45 minutes and my iPhone looks as good as new! Would definitely use them again (though hopefully I won't have to too often!)
Capriotti's makes the best damn sandwiches. Bobbi, Italian, or Philly FTW. \n\nThis location is setup a little different than others with their counter but I've never had a problem with service.
Worst experience ever. Not only did they do a terrible job, they made me argue with them for 30 minutes to get them to HONOR their own coupon they sent me in the mail!  Would not, and will not recommend them to anyone.
Horrible Service.. Ordered to go via phone. Still had to wait for an hour when I got there. Servers ignoring me. When I got my food, so disappointed. Waste of money. They are not cheap too. There are better places to go for filipino food. Never again.
great food, great service. Really like this place and their menu is unique and delicious. Have been back several times. Great place for a date or to meet friends or to celebrate a special occassion.
Too many old naked guys hanging around in the locker room and way too many old men hanging out in the family locker room...  WITHOUT CHILDREN!  Why is that???
Nice company and cool clientele. Just whenever I get a whiff of those burgers being delivered nearby... what kind a' oil do they those burgers in? Other than that, it's a pretty cool place
i have ate here several times. the food is good and not to pricey. the best chinese food in the area.
I dined here numerous times and every time I go I receive excellent quality food. I also highly recommend the cold white peach sake to try. The staff is very friendly and when I take my friends with me they are amazed by this hidden gem in the Southwest.
Horrid! Sushi was pre made, lobster was a stew! Both arrived before we had 2 sips of wine (and were good for a few glasses each)- Caesars should be ashamed.
A nice newly renovated hotel and a super cheap rate.  I live all the Hilton products, but the Garden Inn's are the best.
LOVE this place! Cindy does the most amazing job! Her pink and whites are impeccable! They never lift even tho I wear them long. The owner Christine is super nice and always remembers me and what's been going on with me. Very clean and relaxing!! :)
Sometimes you get the uncomfortable feeling in not being welcome there in some parts of the staff is a little bit rude, i I guess you could make the best of it if it was the only place to go, but its not.
My son has seen Dr Ritchey since birth. Everyday we are thankful that he came into our life.  We are confident with his abilities and consistently have seen his extraordinary care and dedication (to patients and parents as well!).  He honestly changed our lives!
I love this place. I has the best salsa and chips. It is a little scary when you have to park out back, but it is safe.
Not too bad but right next to light rail line.  Easy in and out.
My husband and I wasted several hours looking at the OC condos. The concept is great!  The pictures online are great! BUT the barking dogs are NOT. Also, for a $2,500-$3,000 budget I do not want to see neighbors junk on their porch.
The food was good. The atmosphere was great. The view was amazing. The service was 5 star. We will definitely be back. \nWe went for our anniversary and they treated us like royalty!!!
This is a great hardware store.  I can't count how many times they have bailed me out when I need some fasteners, a tool or some building materials right now.   Not only are they a thriving business, but they go out of their way to support and be part of our community.  They are definitely a big asset to our town.
I have been here like every other week, they have good quality of food and they have stamp card. Love this place very much!!
We were very sorry to see Qdoba in Scottsdale close.  We hope they are still here and just found a better location, location, location!  The food is always good and they treat us like familly.
Don't know what everyone is complaining about?  I had a blast.
The grilled chicken sandwich I had today was so salty, it ruined my \"healthy\" meal. Ridiculous! I couldn't even eat it.
One of the best breakfast/brunch spots in South Shore hands down. Cr\u00eapes with fruit or the continental breakfast are my picks. The place is always packed and although very busy the service is always very good and timely.
We were beyond thrilled to have you document our special day. In addition to your amazing eye for detail and capturing precious moments in such a unique artistic and incredible way, you were professional, thorough and a pleasure to work!
Went Thurs night. No wait, nice decor, fast & friendly service, great food!We will be back often. Keep it up.
Been to this place a few times over the last 2 years and it was pretty decent up until recently when I ordered the Beef Caldereta and the meat was spoiled.. And the wife got the bisteak that also tasted old and spoiled.. Very disappointed.
I have lived in the area for almost 3 years and have been going here on a regular basis ever since. The food is great and the whole staff knows me by name. Different weekly specials every week and nightly specials. It is a well run, clean, and friendly establishment.
No. No. No. This place is about as far away from the real thing as Las Vegas is from NYC.
Clean but it is really just like the Bellagio.  Keep in mind this place does not comp drinks when you are at the tables or on the machines.  A bartender said this was Steve Wynn's idea.  One bright spot is Sinatra's Restaurant.  A class act.  Besides that this place is over price and over rated
Didn't find the food good at all. Had the skins blah.mini mozzarella cheese were more like cheese curds good. Meatloaf was OK bbq sauce made it blah and the prime rib sandwich was OK.
Everyone here thinks they are EXTREMELY famous.\nDrinks take FOREVER. But it is beautiful club.
Pasta, pasta, pasta... Yes, please! \nI love their spaghetti and meatballs. Go there during happy hour and you will not be disappointed. It was a little warm in the bar area.
Stayed there three days two nights. Room was nice and clean hotel was great overall good. Only fail was the pool , the hot tub was cold and the pool was gross , get a new nice pool
Hideous sums it up. Won't go into detail, too much negative. There are, a couple ok things about staying here, but not really worth a mention. Do yourself a favor and do not stay here. Plenty of other hotels on the strip to stay in.
Best theater out there.  Dine-in, assigned seating, comfortable chairs, and no ghetto teenagers talking throughout the movie.  If you want ghetto, head over to Christown theater...
House margarita is served up.. which would be ok if they actually shook it to ice cold.. service slow and questionable. Food was ok, view from patio was great people watching.
Another option for paradise bakery or wildflower fans! About the same price range. The SW Chicken salad and the chili chicken soup combo was good.
I know they just opened a day ago but this place is a disaster. Very slow service and the food quality was very iffy.
Not great. I probably won't go back.
Completely pathetic restaurant. I was with Derrick when I went, so reference his story. I would never come here again. I wish places like this were banned from being in downtown.
I just got my one year checkup they brought out filters , service check , transformer was going bad so they replaced it all free of charge Chris wahll came out and did an excellent job thank you so much again for all that you guys have done best service ever would recommend them to everyone  .
Overpriced and the food is not that great!
The one thing with Bashas (as opposed to Fry's) is that things are a hit or miss.  Some items, they've got great prices on but others are more expensive.  This store is clean, large (in comparison to some Bashas), and the employees are friendly.
not bad but can't say I loved it.  But I'm picky I'm from NY. I'm a pizza snob
This place wouldn't let our group in because someone died last week that came off a bus. Okay so now everyone that comes off a bus can't get in!? Thats just ridiculous. It's fine tho I'll just take my money elsewhere.
The Target to hit when you want something you know you saw at another Target, but it was out or wasn't in enough varieties.  After all, it's like a roided-up Target being a Greatland!   They always have what I need when I'm in Henderson.
Good, homemade food.  Big portions and very nice wait staff.  Nicki was very friendly and kept my sweet tea full.  Will visit again on my next trip to Charlotte.  Conveniently located near numerous hotels (for out of town travelers).
My sister and I took my mom out for her birthday.   They changed their menu  not happy about the new menu.   We had asked our server to do something special for her birthday and never did.  The service was not great either.
Very friendly n the food is pretty good! I use to work near by so my coworker n I hit this place up ordered a gyro n some fries n it was pretty filling. Very tasty plus for the owner being so sweet!!
Best sushi in scottsdale hands down. Really fresh fish. Try the spicy mussels...they're amazing. The only bummer is they don't have a full bar. If they did it would get 5 stars.
Love Molly and Natalie...everytime I go here it's so relaxing that I fall asleep and I wake up with beautiful lashes!
I found decent prices here and I did feel a little out of my element I couldn't understand the names on their packaging. I bought some bamboo spoons for 35 cents each. I love wooden spoons for my tea.
Conveniently inside Collision center of Peoria. Staff is nice. Got my rental was on a quarter tank. Return with a quarter tank. Nothing else to say. I had my company account which made process super easy.
Service was terrible, glasses dirty,and silverware had waterspots.whe went for breakfast and told ourselves that you cannot ruin breakfast,we were wrong. The eggs were left under the lamps too long so they came out dry. Save your money go to McDonald's.
Manager contacted me right away, on behalf of the owner and sincerely apologized. She said disciplinary action was being enforced for the wrong doing and if I'd reconsider them. I appreciate that and changed my rating for the fact that I love the color I get from them and they have some I the best prices in town.
This place was so delicious, I actually had double-breakfast. Come for the crepes, stay for the delectable sandwiches. I had the tandoori chicken panini and it was incredible.
Seems like I am always on Southwest when going through LAS, and that terminal is the worst.  The food options range from awful to disgusting.  The security lines are long (but do seem to be improving). I try to avoid this airport like the plague - but alas have another trip to LV upcoming...ugh.
I ordered the crispy spicy tuna ($16) with chicken fried rice ($15), both were filling and well prepared. Service was great, ambiance was excellent. Well priced considering you're in Vegas.
Cheap place\nGood food\nWas never disappointed\n\nIt is small and very packed though :)
Great concept and food. Went in for the first time tonight and got the falafel pita with eggplant and couscous. The falafel was better than most places in town but seemed to fall apart a little too easily. Will definitely be back here
I love dunkin donuts, but when it comes to their other menu items, this pla e is horrible. Hash browns were soggy, one of the orders had packing tape on the wrapper and the guy behind the counter was sagging. It's time to pull up your pants.
Ouch. The gumbo sucked. They could not make a decent roux base. We didn't try anything else due to this basic failure.
the price is cheap for vegas/general\n$10 for dinner.\nyou'll be full. but this won't be the best food. some of it was great most were meh.\ni give it only 2 instead of 3 starts because the selection was kind of small
Doug is great! Very professional and handy at everything I've ever asked him to do. He's a great help to me and I plan to keep using him :)
I ordered the Chicken Fajitas which were average.  The food is nothing special and the service is very slow.
Complete garbage. Today marks the third time I've spent over an hour in the office to have nothing more than have my baby weighed. Terrible bedside manner, long wait times, and totally unprofessional. Not much else to say
For the price, it's OK. The fish I had there was pretty tasty as were the vegetables and potatoes. My dad definitely enjoyed his steak too. The wine list is apparently not bad either. In the end, I guess there was nothing wrong with it, but nothing that was making me want to come back either.
Decent venue, well run, drinks are about what you'd expect. Overall you need to go when there is a good DJ, we had some second rate DJs who aren't local, but aren't good. It was a fun time, but the music needs to be much better to really enjoy it.
Ummmmm where have you been all my life?! Heavenly goods. My personal fav is the poppyseed coffee cake. I've placed large orders over the phone in prep for family arriving. Decent customer service but always ready on time and heaven to eat.
Seems to be a mixture if various Asian dishes. The food was tasty but not out of this world heavenly! Service was ok. Overall, not wow-d by the experience unfortunately.
For less than 5 bucks it's definitely as good as it gets. \n\nIn my opinion I'd skip the pizza, but their burgers and sandwiches sure are tasty and hit the spot.\n\nI just wish there was one in San Francisco.
I like eating here when I go downtown. As I'm grubbing, and I'm the only customer there, the fat bald cook proceeds to yell at the busser. Borderline threatening him. One of the most uncomfortable experiences ever. Shame on that dude.
There is no reason it should take one hour to get in and out of a concert. I dread going to concerts here...no matter how good the show, the traffic ruins the experience.
Great ambience, staff, and food. It's definitely worth the drive. That day, I had an amazing Aji - Sashimi that almost made me forget that I was in the middle of the desert. I don't know how they do it, but everything I tasted was fresh! I'd definitely repeat.
i went in with my niece and 2 gift cards... the girl working and the manager were very helpful.  picked the perfect ham and helped me out with the gift cards... i highly recommend this location
This place takes wayyyyy to long. Usually Starbucks even when they are busy are quicker.
Absolutely horrible service, when we entered the hostess gave an audible sigh like we were inconveniencing her with our presence.  We were seated for over 10 minutes and never had a server come to even take drink orders.  Needless to say we left, and we will not be going back.
The food was delicious and the service was even better. Our server, Jeff, was great and was very helpful with each question. We had creme brulee for desert and it was ridiculous. We hope to go back soon.
Absolutely love this place!  Their delivery is so quick and the food is delicious. Plus, who doesn't love cheap food that delivers?!
Best eyecare office in Arizona! Customer Service is best in breed and products are A rated. Highly recommended
Are you kidding me? Run from this place, you would be better off without one of their cars.
Very very noisy and chaotic. Great food but our server was clearly overwhelmed and, while pleasant, was mildly neglectful (long wait to get menus and to order; took a few tries to get pepper on table).
This is very over priced bland pizza...if you can even call it pizza. Went there one time with a co-worker.It  was packed with people and we thought we stumbled on a real gem. Neat renovated old building...but food was really aweful...wont go back.
Limited dim sum selection, especially steamed food.  Quality is so-so, have tried much better ones in the US.  I'd skip this place next time.  Seem to be busy, but I guess it's catered to foreigners who don't know what real Chinese dim sum is.
Ate at Outback for lunch with my family. Went back to hotel and vomited for the next 13 hours. Cause? You decide.
This is a classic style of barbershop.  This is the kind of place that you go with your dad, get haircuts, a hot towel, and leave feeling great.  Highly recommended.
We love this place for breakfast on the weekends.  They have great healthy alternatives and all you can eat pancakes during the month of October.  We drive from Peoria on Saturday mornings just to eat here.
Good food--simple, affordable and delicious!  Had the combo plate with brown rice and mac salad.  Good sized portions, and the service was friendly.  Kimchi and boiled peanuts were yummy!
I ate here three times recently on a business trip.  They have Chateau Montelena by the glass.  I ate a yogurt parfait there one morning, and it was the best I've ever had.  Had no idea that yogurt parfait could be that good.  Service could be better.
Barber didn't listen to a word I said, cut it the way he wanted. Worse haircut I've ever had. Never going back.
I'm a figure competitor and personal trainer and have had great results with both myself and my clients with dr. Jain's food sensitivity alcat testing. no cookie cutter diets! Great fat loss results in record time!
Sitting in the waiting room listening to a bunch of girls loud gossiping when this is supposed to be a relaxing place. I don't want to hear about nipple and boyfriends after a long day of work and paying to relax. Very disappointing experience!
The food was mostly cold, and it was tasteless....I just wasted time and money to find out I'm never coming here again. Safe your money and eat cardboard instead.
Might just be the must confusing airport I have ever been in
5 words ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI. No name sushi is a must try! AYCE is not limited to the sushi you can have just about anything from that menu. The food is delicious a must eat in Vegas come hungry and you will leave happy.
Friendly staff and easy to get in and out in a hurry.
Pushy and overly aggressive, for you to get things you don't need.Know of two people that have gone to this location and both did not have a good experience with them.
Loved EVERYTHING about it! \nCan't wait to go back next year.
Not a bad place I just had to many bobas  for my liking. Otherwise the taste was a welcome change.
The cakes were very moist and flavorful. They have a lot of fillings that you can try. The frosting is a bit too sweet for me. Do not get me wrong it is a good product it is just on the expensive side. Oh yeah...they do not serve coffee :(
Stopped by for lunch today. Chose the moussaka and an espresso. The moussaka was incredible! The owner, Dmitri, is very friendly. I will be back.
Normally a great place for seafood. Most recent dining was very ordinary as it took 3 times for the cook to get one of our meals correct. And that included manager intervention twice.
Love this location at Gainey Ranch! Great food consistently!
Not a sub fan, but their 'Hero' sub was pretty good!
I bought a Bravia TV a month ago but was charged twice on my credit card.  The staff were not very bright.  They were more like high school/college kids who were working there part time for extra cash.  I am still trying to locate the elusive store managers Mark and John to get my money back.
While it was great eating outside in the patio area overseeing the pool, I could not say the same about the food.\n\nI had the salmon salad, which was light as expected, but a tad bit salty.  The salmon itself wasn't that great, it seemed a bit old and not fresh.
This is one of my favorite restaurants! The bruschetta is amazing. My favs are the brie & apples with fig, and the prosciutto with figs & marscapone (so good!!). And we really like the butcher block, so many yummy things to eat!
The green chile burrito was different from what I've had in the past. They use oregano vs cumin to flavor the meat. I can't say I'm in favor of it.
Great ice cream, fantastic service. Love it. Had to also get some to take home :-)
First night: the bed is as stiff and uncomfortable as they get. The pillows are very thick and I have now been on hold for 10 min with the front desk to ask for feather pillows. Unacceptable.\nThe room is nice and large and is modestly decorated.
My family and I eat here quite often. Today was not a great experience. Staff not friendly. They don't smile and give the impression they do not want to be bothered by you. My meatball sub was lukewarm at best and literally thrown together. Not impressed today. It will be a while before we return.
When I cook and fail it's still better than Seasons 52. \nLooking for great food in upscale settings within a walking distance? Go to Hillstone just East of 26th st.
I am Russian so I love having a little bit of home right here in Arizona. Food and service are excellent!
Love their chicken pot pie soup.  I had to get a BOWL of it.  And then a po-boy pastrami melt.  YUM!
Horrible first and only experience. My burger had a hair in it on top of it being extremely dry and bland. The lettuce from the salad was also not very fresh with many brownish leaves.
This place is very good for a filipino dinning experience.  It's a bit pricey but the service is good and the people are nice.  I would recommend it as they have many options on their menu.
This place is great! A burrito shack & circle k gas in one stop! Where else can you stop and get gas for yourself and your car in one stop? Fill up your car and try the breakfast burrito supreme...you & your car will be gas-ed for the whole day.
Love this place. I was always a fan of YC's. This place is kind of the same concept with way better ingredients to add to your bowl. Not only does it seem much fresher there is a lot more to choose from. The drinks are also really good with some long pours.
Worst Chinese Dining ever, and on my Birthday too, customer service is rude & my appetizer was the last dish to get into the table... 1st and Last time here
CAN WE SAY I LOVE TUESDAY'S JUST FOR LEG AND THIGH FOR $1.47 MMMM HMMMM Yes As good as it giets!
Calling all hipsters, this is your bar
I love this place, great atmosphere, the employes are great and you cant beat the prices, i normally im not a big fan of frozen yogurt but this place is pretty incredible.
Great coffee, good service, owners are nice. Food is quite good just not 5 stars.
Staff was incredibly rude. Disregarded our appointment for 3 scheduled pedicures. They were not busy but rushed us out. Will never go back nor recommend such poor service. Very disappointing when there are such other great & friendly businesses in that plaza.
Some of the best burgers around, if not the best. Has a great old school dinner feel. Minimal seating inside with plenty of tables outside making it a great location for a late dinner outside.  After a great burger, desert is also great here. Definitely worth a trip but be warned, the food is addicting
Reasonably priced compared to most yogurt places, but yogurt had a weird taste, like it was on the edge of spoiling....yuck.
The best BBQ I've had in Arizona.
Really nice and helpful on the phone~ I live in Chicago and wanted to order a pre/post-natal massage set for my bff who lives in Gilbert, and they were very helpful! Will update after feedback. :)
I don't understand why this place is multiplying all around the city. The food is really poor. Noodle dishes are mostly noodles and oil. Rice dishes have the same sauce. pad Thai has very little but noodles. Save your money.
Great place for nail supplies! Clean, and friendly staff.  Such a great selection for gels, and shellac!  I love stocking up on seasonal colors here, and brining them back to my shop in SLC.
We visited 300 East to celebrate our daughter's birthday and had a wonderful time!  We all had something different - 1/2 roasted chicken, Asian-Infused Shrimp, and the Gorgonzola stuffed Filet.  All three meals were superb and just the right amount!    Worth the trip !
Small little nail shop, nice and quiet. Came in for eyebrows and a manicure and both turned out good. The hand massage I got with my manicure was awesome. Reasonably priced. I'll probably return again.
I had the ribs and as advertised...they fell out the bone! Great stuff! The fries were alright. The apples and cinnamon were so so. The service was good and a good variety of drinks.
Great place. ALWAYS crowded!
The food use to be really really really fuckn good here\nBut not any more.. Suckx the food is all picked over eeewwww..\nI had to wait for FRESH!! Food to come out .. Uuuugghh.
shitty selection, go to h and m...\nalso shitty customer service. you are not allow to make returns.
Had to drop a star for these guys.\n\nHave tried a handful of other \"non deep fried\" dishes and they all just kinda leave us flat.\n\nThe Chow fun is still the best dish they make. We have been moving over to Chous and Chodang lately for Asian
Thai house was good but not the best thai place I have had. I had the red curry chicken medium and it didn't seem to be spicy enough for being medium. Also it was pretty expensive.
Worst Chinese food ever.  If you have to, save your money and find a Panda Express.  This place has the fill them with batter, dough, and keep the quantity of meat or seafood to a minimum!
Scott does  a great job!!  He never misses a time. Let's me know when he will be there. I always look forward to chatting with him. He is extremely friendly to my dogs. Billing is always timely and correct. I highly recommend their service!!!
Pablo goes to school here. He seems to like it. He has learned alot.
Wow, harsh reviews!\n\nI found the guy behind the counter helpful.  He steered me in the right direction and I got a meal I really enjoyed.   BBQ'd tilapia and Chicken Adobo were very tasty.
This place is local favorite!  Such a random menu from sushi to Italian food yet nothing disappoints!
Mike & Lou are great !! Very friendly & honest.  Being a woman you always fear being overcharged & sold things you don't need, definitely not the case!! Use them you won't be disappointed !!!
What I expect it to be. Hot food, cold custard.
This place was pretty bad. We got the nutella, fruits du mer, peanut butter & bananas, and the mixed berry crepes. The only one that was good was the peanut butter. I think a lot had to do the poor quality of the ingredients. Would not go back.
I keep coming here because its in my neighborhood. The service is hit or miss but the sushi is fine, I think that's all we ever get. For the limited restaurants in Ft Mill you could do worse I guess.
Too small=too crowded\nBouncers=rude\n$30 cover charge=not worth it\nbeer & cocktails=too expensive...even for Vegas\nmusic=ok\nGallery Night Club=never again
Went to see Jessica Cannon for the first time. She did an excellent job on my highlights and the violet color she used is perfect! Highly recommended!
Terrible service . Love when the bartenders are drinking more than you. Not to mention harass you about playing the machines
A step up from typical bar food, with a corresponding small increase in the prices. Eccentric decorating and a varied beer menu. Of course, the scotch whiskey selection is extensive!
One of those things in Vegas Definitely worth doing at least once! Amazing view! We paid a little extra for the car with the full bar inside-all you can drink for the 30 min ride. Great views of all the sights of Las Vegas.
Not a fan for a music venue, Good music but really who wants to sit at a tiny table to watch a rock band. No drinks on the stage floor area allowed the fun police run around to keep you from standing too close to the isle or too close to the stage area with a drink. Not a huge fan of the area either.
My favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. Their menu is extensive and delicious, the atmosphere is charming and reminiscent of eateries in Brooklyn - a long narrow storefront filled with mismatched furniture and a painted tin ceiling. Each time I go I try something different and am always impressed.
We spend winters in Arizona and look forward, each year, to eating here.  We've always had great service and food.  The restaurant is clean and staff  friendly.  A shopping day in Chandler is not complete without eating Greek.
Food is not fresh, not much selection of food in the buffet. Utensils are not clean. I will not come back. So many other options in Vegas.
They charged us more than market listed price by a few dollars food was average tasted like everything had too much celery salt on it ... Not a good experience ... I would rather eat at angry crab any day way better food and this place only gives you one wet nap for real lets not be cheap now ..
When I brought my dog for the full grooming, they cut off my dog's right eyebrow... My dog, mini schnauzer, looks kinda funny because of no eyebrow... I know it will grow back but I can't believe it...
This place serves a poor excuse for japanese food. I dont understand how they keep their doors open with the product they serve. Nothing on the menu is worth trying. \n\nThe man behind the counter is unfriendly and gave me a annoyed look when i asked for wasabi.
Was a little disappointed here.  The food to me was very average and a bit on the salty side.  Our waiter was also a bit preoccupied talking to one specific table for a really long time to give us decent service.
First visit today & I am very pleased! Great service & felt at ease with staff! Thanks Dr. Dollarhide & staff! Highly recommended!
Ha! They tried to make us pay $30 cover. Yeah right. Well, we got in for free 99 but this spot was wack and overcrowded with lots of wackos. You won't see me in this club again.
Tried this out yesterday. On a Saturday art 5:15, there were only two other occupied tables. The service was slow but pleasant. I got the vegetarian platter and it was yummy. I will be back. The yogurt cheese dip and pita bread they give you is amazing.
Took a while for food. Picked up baked spaghetti and salads.  Good value.   Salad dressing was a bit off, enough to set that aside and toss.  Otherwise a 4 star.  \n\nI'm rating this for \"fast food\" expectations
If you've read any of my reviews, you know I like my fries well done. Sonic does a fabulous job of cooking their tots well done. They are awesome! I also like their mini banana split. Just right!
Hands down the worst bar I've been to in Arizona. The place was filthy and full of only men. I went there with my sister and we were pretty uncomfortable, to say the least. Not my scene at all.
Come here twice and once they've only had one belt running so they had to turn us away. This time their credit card system was down. Not coming back to try a third time.
The sushi chefs are friendly and the staff is very attentive.  The tuna karai is fantastic!
So disappointed! Paid about $25 for tasteless Dungeness crab legs. Even the butter was tasteless. Just awful! ... And the karaoke sucked as well. Who has karaoke at 5pm?
Horrible breakfast greeting/ service horrible ! Very bothered! Einstein bagel forever:)\nWill not come here again. Not worth the trouble. Made sure to post this though
The food here wasn't horrible but the service sucked and was very slow. It took over an hour to get our food once seated. Stay away from the pizzas...they are like dense cardboard. The burger was pretty good but overpriced for what it was.
Bedbugs... need I say more?  I woke up covered in welts... so did my buddies.  I guess we got what we paid for.  I'll never stay here again.  I would write a longer review, but the bedbugs just make it all moot.
Service was decent enough, but the layout of the airport is rather convoluted. So much zig-zag running and train-catching between checking in, security, gate, and other places. Arrive here especially early to allow for all of the waiting in lines and hurrying, seemingly from one side of the place to the other.
Great set up with a bar section, table dining and a deli. Good solid food and great atmosphere for either of the three you are looking for!\nGreat Owner....\nCheck this place out!
Menu is ok, service is subpar. Waitress Amanda was not pleasant and seemed annoyed to serve my party of four. I have gone to this place a few times before but after tonight's experience I will now take my business elsewhere.
Good service, good food, good portions, always a great experience.  Real Italian food.  Reasonable prices.  Quiet atmosphere.  Best italian in the South Hills.
I never have any issues when it comes to the McCarran airport.  \n\nWhen departing the security lines are quick and organized. \n\nWhen you land here everything is marked as where to go.  The taxi guy has a great system of loading people in the 20+ cab slots.
So beautiful and really makes you feel like you got away from the city.  There is a wide variety of trails for all fitness levels.  \nVery tranquil.
They are very nice, on time and quality work. I would recommend them, and use them again
Try the Stingray! So delicious. Great service too.
Nice.  $5 glasses most of the day, and a great selection of wines.  From Asti to Zinfandel.  Give the oven-roasted olives a try; great bargain and delicious.
I think it is the best sushi in town!  I am there at least once a week!
The amount of time to receive drinks from the bar while sitting on the patio is very slow. We have been here for two hours and have only been served our 2nd drink. They need better/faster bartenders to remain competitive. We will take our patio business elsewhere this summer.
Good food,  good service.. Beef tacos,  kens noodles and a 2 Mexican comes... Great cheap eats... We will return...
Service is usually slow and the food is meh.
One of my favorites ever, I think the one in NYC is slightly better, but both locations are fantastic. I ate here 4 times over the week since I was at the hotel for a conference. I have tried many items, and all of them are fantastic.
Strangest jersey mikes i have been to. All the employees shout at the top of their lungs- I almost went deaf from hearing DO YOU WANT MIKE'S WAY?!!!!! Over and over. The food tastes just like every other jersey mikes so I don't know what they are screaming about.
Was disappointed with the customer service and how employees were too busy talking amongst themselves. And just pointed to where I could find something rather than showing me. The worst part it wasn't even busy!
Great store. Pretty much the same as Home Depot. If you can't find it here, you can always head to Home Depot. Between the two places, they pretty much have everything you need to remodel your home. I do prefer Home Depot Behr paint over Lowes brand though.
Pappadeaux used to have this oreo cookie mousse dessert thing\n\nIt was the best dessert ever in this world.  Ever.\n\nThen they stopped carrying it.  So now I won't go back.  I protest Pappadeaux!
is there a such thing as a nice or clean walmart?\n\nnot yet
Best haircut I have gotten it a while. Kelly is awesome. Definitely going back. Too bad I am not from this town.
Had the thanks giving dinner. It was one of the worst dinners I have ever eaten. It looked and tasted like a pre cooked frozen super market meal - but for 24$. \nThe service was good though.
Eh. I don't love this food store. It smells pretty bad. It also doesn't seem like it has the best selection of anything. There are no scallops either. Plus they don't de-bone their salmon.
Beautiful Tennis facility is part of the Charlie Kellogg and Joe Zaher Sports Complex.
Fantastic place. Great customer service. And the baked goods are perfection in every bite! Bring the family,order a cake, or just grab a coffee and cookie! Don't think twice about any decision, you won't go wrong.
Flowers stunk to high heaven with all the chemicals they sprayed on them to try to make dead flowers look fresh. It didn't work, they looked like dead flowers. Absolutely the worst bouquet I've ever bought. Don't bother.
Terrible, terrible service. I brought a friend promising that this place was good, only to be completely ignored by the wait staff. Will most likely never go back- I don't find myself ever wanting to pay $8 for a Caesar salad again.
Worst service ever! Didn't have many domestic beers an the they where not draft. We had to ask our waiter for everything.
I love chipotle and this location is the best. Fresh ingredients made your way by friendly and helpful staff. \nMany Chipotle locations tend to have crazy lines and this one never seems as it does. One of the few chain restaurants I will go to.
Nice menu selection. Looked clean and well kept. Food was ok, not very hot when served. Will go again though, give them another chance
This place had the best Mexican food around! Why did they close?! It was one of the only unique and delicious restaurants near by!
I love this place and the foods are delicious!\nI got the vegetarian plate and my boyfriend got the prawns curry.\nThe service is FAST at first but got slower afterward because it got busy.
This company is a scam.  I purchased 5 shirts...went for the fitting, paid the taxes, and 5 months later, still nothing after dozens of calls and emails.  The store front is gone.  STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY!!
I love this place! Reminds me of my trip to Japan. I recommend the tonkatsu traditional style. If you haven't been and like Japanese food the definitely go!
I've been here 5 minutes, only one hair stylist here doing a trim on a guy's hair, while chatting and watching YouTube videos and consistently stopping. Should maybe take in to consideration that she has a customer waiting.
Used to be a fun bar, not anymore. The food is ok. I won't be back anytime soon!
Impossibly crumbley and unable to hold up against the cold compound butter, there was already so much butter used in the scone that it was practically a biscuit worthy of Paula Deen's last indulgence meal before bypass surgery.
We got delivery last week and wow was it good!! Still yummy as ever!! We go there like once or 2wice a week!! \n\nI'm actually going to order tonight, but this time I may venture out of my comfort zone and try something new!
LOTS of girls to choose from at this strip club.  and, it's extremely dark in there, so it makes the girls look even better.  \n\nTIP:  to save $30, call the club for a limo to pick you up at your hotel, and you'll get in for free.
Wonderful place, great boba and great prices. Authenticity drips from everything they make :)
Stopped in and picked up a piece of homemade baklava as a special treat.  What a disappointment!  Nothing more than pastry sheets and honey with little to no filling.  Sadly, we won't be back.
Called in before to make sure it wasn't busy,  walked in around 5pm and got sitted right away.  Super friendly,  Clean and beautiful holiday environment.  I got exactly what I wanted. Very happy,  will return again.
Pretty good deals for a major hotel on the Strip.  While the Signature is on Harmon, there is an indoor bridge to the MGM Grand with access to LB BLVD.  Spacious rooms at a decent value!!!  Only downside is parking is Valet only.
great airport, the Delta Terminal sucks!!! Hey Delta, how about becoming serious about your SkyHarbor customers?
$20 All You Can Eat Sushi!! It's pretty good sushi too and they give you green tea ice cream for dessert too. Yum! We'll be back.
Great Italian sub, also the greek salad is good too.  Customer service not so great....  We do love supporting local businesses.  Restaurant was busy for lunch  but unkept, there were picture frames and extra stuff blocking tables and on tables, so we could barely squeeze into our table from boxes etc...
This place is the best. Iced latte is the best I've ever had - almost wondering if they use cream instead if milk it tastes so good. Only complaint it that they are always busy with all the seating usually taken up - however a business that is busy is a good business with awesome product and awesome service!
Not a good experience. Fruit was not fresh. Turkey sandwich was dry and had no flavor. Sandwich fell apart as I ate it. Customer service below average. I rarely complain but this was not enjoyable. Will not come back.
Lo-Lo's is the ultimate chicken and waffle spot..not only is the food good but the atmosphere is always upbeat..as you watch TV and listen to some music that will make you want to eat
Pay attention to more recent negative reviews.  Was sooo much better when they first opened.  NOT.  Good.  Anymore.
What I like most about this NM is their dress department.  They have just a bit more glitz and glamour.  It IS Vegas after all.
today, it took forever for our waiter to just take our order, the three tables around us were seated after us and got their food before our order was even taken.
I love this CPK. Their servers are always amazingly friendly, knowledgeable about menu options, and usually pretty funny. Their menu is extensive... something for everyone. My favorite is the Moroccan Spiced Chicken Salad and all of their pizzas are pretty good. Their seasonal soups are always fantastic too.
Everyone was so helpful and sweet when I came to buy my husband a new grill. Thank you Keith especially! You were awesome in all ways! This is the Home Depot to shop.
This is my first review and it was so bad, that i made sure i wrote this review...Do not come here unless u love MSG... Food comes out Luke warm and at the price you pay, might as well go somewhere to eat
Everyone here is really nice and take there time with you. \n\nThey didnt have a game I wanted that was pretty old but they found a store near by that had it and had it sent over.\n\nThe prices are pretty good.
So I had two wisdom teeth extracted with bone graphing done today with Dr. Cedric Loud and I have to say he's an AMAZING doctor. Very professional and I'm still on pain meds but have to say the best experience at a dentist I ever have had. Thanks bright dental
They're ok, if you're into breaded wings. The honey bbq sauce is pretty good.
Slowest and most disorganized Starbucks ever! 25 minutes for 2 regular coffees and a pre-made spinach wrap.
Arrived at the bar for NYE. Was given an all-inclusive food and drink menu for $40. What a deal!
Poorly organized lines, \"free\" drink with an outlandish cover charge, and crowded. No room to dance, and tge music they pump out at the entrance is fun top 40 dance, while inside it is aggressive hip hop. Nicest part of the club are the escalators going up.
If Preloved and my boyfriend fell into an ocean, I think I'd have to save Preloved.\n\nIt's unique, it fits great and its chic. I don't have much scrilla but the key is to wait until their sales.
This is a rather desolate Office Depot located on Tropicana. Staff seems nice enough but it feels uncomfortable to browse around because it's so empty. There were a lot of sales when we went, probably in time for Christmas.
The owner is awesome, the employees rock, the goods are great, and that's just the inside!
After reading so many fabulous review I was let down by the food and experience. Not worth the 600 + that we spent. I also never received out golden tickets
mehhh I've had better for less.... I'm talking about the food and service(lack of) Go to Mcdonalds or dennys instead. It's just convenient but then you wait 45 minutes for chicken tenders that are mediocre at best
Exceptional service. Affordable and extensive wine list. High quality food. Really good, highly recommend.
Medium well should not be difficult.  This is a tourist town.  Know your audience and make them what they want.  Sent it back bloody- came back charred on outside and red inside.  Get a thermometer!   Lost my appetite and $60 just for steak!
Good chinese food is hard to find in AZ. This place us legit!!! This is coming from a chinese east coaster. The beef stew noodles in soup is tasty. Gotta try the beef pies, they are awesome! The green onion pancakes are pretty good too.
Fantastic staff, fantastic beer, fantastic owners. Pretty much a really good place to meet you friends at for dinner /drinks & chat! Reasonable prices and great selections.
Not bad, just not great! It's solid if you looking for a cheap meal however there are some sanitary issues. Let's just say my cutlery was as clean as it could have bee and the same goes for the table. Once all that was resolved it was okay. The potatoes were definitely the highlight of the meal.
This place is absolutely terrible. I echo the sentiments expressed earlier. United need to tear this place down and build something befitting the 21st century.
Big plates, two bites, overpriced.    Tasted good but I was still hungry after numerous plates of foods, I won't go back.
Their kitchen was closed for cleaning last night at 8 so no prime rib.
Out of all the Korean food that I have tasted so far, Soyo has the best. Their bulgogi is the best!!! I love their atmosphere as well. The people are extremely friendly and the pricing is not the bad. This place is definitely five stars.
Great selection, was very excited to see that they offered Kolaches! I thought the prices were average but the selection is amazing!
The sushi is great (I've never had the food off the menu) I particularly like the Harry Potter roll. They go crazy with the garlic which I like, definitely worth checking out, and they have all you can eat which is great if you can put it away.
I have always had good service here. I had placed a catering order that somehow they lost, and they were able to turn the order around in less than 20 minutes the morning that I showed up to pick up the food. AMAZING!!!!!
What can I say, a Beatles bar that does not have Beatles music, over charges for drinks, I mean seriously, one martini, one rum and 7up, one corona and a diet coke...$49....\n\nYeah, a one round mistake.
The place is clean, and well run, and the food is pretty good.  We happened to eat here during a happy hour special and everything we ordered (appetizers and entrees) were all half price.\n\nA nice variety of food at a resonible price.
It was cheap and popular with the Jews, so it had to pretty fucking good. And now it is dead, replaced by inferior, more expensive imitations. \n\nGood night, sweet Stage Door Deli. You are missed.
So pissed of what turned out last night never had a problem here at all! The damn security kicked me out for getting a cigarette burn on me because I went to complain -about a drunk person there. I don't even want to give a star.
Dishonest dealers, stay away from this establishment like the plague. \nAlways comes up with a different story and not versed in customer service.\nGo to Scottsdale Gun Club for professional service and great selection.
Service was outstanding! Food prepared quick with LARGE PORTIONS for a very low price. I am amazed by the low prices that the Protein House has. I loved the chocolate dessert muffin. Mmmmm! Larissa Reiss has a goldmine here! Go check it out!
this place is disgusting. the food is gross - both in terms of how much they give you and how it tastes. the windowless interior adds nothing to the experience. I don't know why anyone would give this more than one star. i would like to give it negative stars if i could. it's a house of gross gluttony.
I used to be in the industry and I know what my car does and does not need.  They couldn't seem to get that, and kept trying to sell me crap.  Over-priced, slow, very dirty, and an overall sketchy vibe.
They are really creative with their pizza! My fave is the Thai Chicken pizza. The only downside is that sometimes it arrives cold...
1 star is way too much for this place.  Will definitely never come back.
Never again. Wish I had read these reviews first.
we were not impressed. Average wait time. Average tasting food. We should have stayed closer to the strip.
My kids love this place. It makes me feel better getting this for them than the golden arches. Im in denial, but a pretty good one.
I tried to dine here at 11:15 on Tuesday but they weren't open yet even though the hours posted claimed they opened at 11:00 am.
I just got a yearly pass so obviously we are fans.  The down side is that not all the informational boxes for the animals are not all functional so that's a bummer.  Otherwise is a clean, well maintained zoo that the kids really enjoy.
Home run. Again.  Carpets cleaned perfectly.
Decent pad thai. They had their kids in the restaurant and they were loud.
Service was terrible, but food was delivered promptly. It seems as if this business don't value their customers. Food was alright- nothing special. Will not come back because of lack of friendliness.
Mediocre, pretentious and overpriced, even by Las Vegas standards. Pedestrian presentation of decent steaks. Outrageous prices on the wine list. Go somewhere else.
Nice place to get GAs & a Car wash... Great Service!
Lovely massage, in clean warm room. Roxanne was really great and focused on my sore spots just enough. Also I'm a big woman and I felt very comfortable and accepted here. Mentioned Yelp and got a discount too. What a deal!
Was surprised by a co-worker with cannolis at work one day. Excellent. \nSeeked them out on my own a few weeks later, and they were very good, but not the same as the first time. Can't explain it. Still, definitely worth it. Buon appetit.
I love their food. So far great service and a nice man delivers. Very nice friendly people and service orientated..
Pure barre is by far the best full body workout. I recommend everyone to try it but you'll be hooked for life.  The instructors are all amazing. The owner gena is very personable & cares about teaching you to take care of yourself. Love pure barre
The best birthday cake in town! The sandwiches are super delicious! Love this place!
This location closed and I'm so disappointed.  The drinks were amazing and the service was always A++  It was the only Bentley's location close to me so I guess it's back to the Mermaid
I don't know how good this Jersey Mikes is because it did not close at 10am as started on Yelp. It closed at 9pm....off to smash burger
This place is cheap and quick, filled up for about 15 - 20 dollars and thats dirt cheap for sushi. But on the other hand i filled up for about 15 - 20 dollars and thats dirt cheap for sushi. Just know what your getting into.
One of my favorite places.   Good service.  Good food.  And I especially like the crayons and paper table cover to write on. Hangman or tic-tac-toe are good fun while the food is prepared.  Kazoo bbq pizza is awesome
Just drving by and saw this place had just opened.. thank you!  Great place...had the hero and it was great! Glad to see new restaurants coming in to the qc...  This place will make you wonder why you ever ate at subway...incredible meat potions on my sammy..
It could have been a great experience but the Gun Master that was assigned to me was a complete jerk.  He was cold and was very rude!  Told him it was my first time shooting a gun.  When the sound of the bullets startled me he actually rolled his eyes.   I don't recommend this place at all.
This is the wrong address.  If you check the Winco website this location has a Power Rd address, NOT a Hampton Ave address.  My full review is in the Power Rd Yelp entry.
Jetblue is always consistent in its excellent service, on-time cheap flights, and relatively smooth flights.
Pizza was delicious and service was friendly and very accommodating. I got the white pizza with garlic sauce (instead of the basil pesto that's on the menu) and it was wonderful. I would definitely go back.
Nice & fresh but nothing spectacular. I'm still in love with Krispy Kremes.\n\nBring Cash!
This place was GREAT! The fellas were friendly, helpful, and fair with prices. I plan on taking my vehicles back here for any issues they have.
Off the beaten path but well worth the trip. HUGE fan of the pork chops and mac-n-cheese. Very reasonably priced and the staff is very friendly.
this place was not worth the price at all.  the sushi was okay, not what I expected at all for this establishment and the price.  there's a blue ribbon in new york and it's so much better than this one.  \n\nsave your money!!! do not eat here
Oh so good! They even have little $4 cakes!
I have ordered here several times before for take-out. Every time, the food is ready to be picked up very quickly and it is always delicious! They have several tradtional dishes that my Chinese mother used to make that I can't always find in most Chinese restaurants. This is, by far, my favorite Chinese restaurant in town!
The lobster fajitas were amazing! $26. After reading the reviews about the service I was hesitant to try this place but our waiter Fab was awesome!  I'll be back to order the same & ask for Fab
Had been longing for a decent croaker for a long time. I ordered the croaker wing combo. The croaker was decent. The wings had good flavor. I was immediately greeted upon entry.  I like when that happens it shows that u appreciate your customers.
This place was a plesant drop in spot for a quick lunch. Lasagna was delicious and the Stuffed Mushrooms were very tasty but the best part was the wonderfully tasty and cold Peroni beer. Sit at the bar and let the cute bartenders pour you a cold one.
Happy hour was pretty decent, service was on point...best part? Seared tuna salad! Definitely good enough to keep going back :)
been here a few times... pretty mediocre stuff. I think I would rather have Panda Express, but its a toss up
Equipment is not well maintained. Pads are wearing out and not replaced on a fair amount of the machines..  No attention to oiling machines.  Place is not especially clean.  Not enough lockers.   Cardio cinema is a complete waste of space.
Great place to sit (on the patio) and enjoy coffee/gelato with someone, intimately -- if the weather permits. Really pleasant place to chill; music is good to boot!
Amazing breakfast! Even take out is prepared like its on display. I'll be back tomorrow!
Good, cheap, fast, and a bit messy eat for a quick lunch. The pork is very tender served piping hot with soft hot buns. Definitely recommend stopping by at some point if you're in Edinburgh for the festival.
This place is awesome! They have any kind of random junk you would need to make some cool artwork! Just about everything is sold by the pound, which also makes it really cheap! My friend got a bunch of stuff to make a \"mad eye moody\" costume, and it was really cheap and she looked great!
While its not a traditional burger, the Dumpling is possibly the best burger I've ever had. I had to stop going because my waistline was disappearing. My husband and I now only go for special occasions. So delicious! My mouth is watering as I type.
This was surprisingly good!  We were just looking for a casual lunch, and went in with low expectations.  But, the food was quite good, and the service did a nice job.\n\nI'm not going to seek it out again, but if I'm standing next to the place, and I'm hungry.. sure.
Delicious food!  Well worth the wait.
Great service overall I was very pleased! Price was reasonable. I will be using them in the near future!
THE place to watch a sporting event in Vegas. Tons of seating and large TV's. My dream is to watch a big game here and rent a room with a pool table. Those rooms easily run a couple of thousand but one can dream. I love all the signed jerseys all over the place.
Visited again today.  LOVED the new musical instrument section and the expanded sheet music area.  AWESOME.
Every item was heaven . Trust me on the chorizo fries w the fried egg on top. Die.   I mean dreamy delicious perfect yummy ness.
Great customer service.  Was greeted right away and all of my questions were answered. Event got some extra percentage off my buy!
This place is disgusting! I sent food back for the first time in my life and had it replaced by something else entirely and the new dish was disgusting. They still charged me for it. Way over priced garbage!
Definitely underwhelming. I expected more after all the hype. I had a very blah soup and salad. Even the chocolate drink in the big glass was underwhelming. Will not be going back here.
I had a sandwich which I can't remember the name of.. it was like the Earl Club but with avocado. It was definitely good but nothing special. The sandwich was hot, and so the avocado was warm which was weird for me... but the line moved quick and service was fine. I would come back
I must of been eating at another Max's in a pararell universe!\n\nFood was terriable, service was worse! Went and got Sushi!
Papa Del's is great! Senior year I lived across the street from here, so obviously I frequented it! They have a great area inside to sit down and eat the pizza, watch TV and drink some good beer! The pizza is pretty big and tastes great!
They put on a good face, but they also fall flat on it in some ways. It is great that they have both secure and insecure parking for professional drivers, but their driver lounge is not air-conditioned, so when the truck is actually in the shop, you have the choice of sweating outside, or sweating inside.
I love chipoltle. Huge portions!  My favorite thing is to order from their mobile app.  You get to skip the long line which is awesome!  Fast and friendly as well.
This place was okay.  It was very dificult to make an appointment and when I finally did it wasnt worth the trouble. My hair didnt turn out how I wanted even though they went back and redid it
All the food was excellent, especially the sliders. Our waitress was excellent. We have been here many times and are never disappointed.
5 star margaritas...no sweet n sour.  They make them from scratch and if you're staying there, you get 2 for $12.  You just can't beat that.  We had 3 too many.
I've rented twice here now.  Both times I've had a charge on my card after the rental which I've had to call about.  Both times I was charged for fuel even though I returned it completely full.  They reverse the charge, but seems like they are trying to slip one past me.
Finally a chase opened up in my neighborhood. Clean, nice bankers, no wait and friendly.
The food was good but I don't think its worth the price. Suchi was good I loved the lobster roll but again its not filling and costs too much. The jalapeno yellowtail lived up to its hype but I wouldn't pay that price for it again.
This is hands down the best place to work. Everyone is warm, inviting and happy to help you find your way. Work for a day and you will stay for years.
Just walked out of the Vertie Grill after waiting over an hour for our food which never came waitress went to get the manager he never showed up good food lousy service.
It's all about the environment here. I went there for an evening. I wasn't looking much for the food but their crepes were not bad at all. However, if I leave this review with one note is that this is an ideal place for dates and/or to show a visitor a good relaxing time in Montreal.
Love the atmosphere. Very  cute seating arrangements .Need to work on quality of food. The fish just didnt seem so fresh.
most of the things I have had here have  been decent.  Not mind blowing.  Nice to have this around as an option though.  Don't have the macn cheese but the fries, bowls and burgers are good
Took my kids there everything came out quick and we ate it all.  Kids wanna go back.
Cute, little restaurant!  The food is good for the price.  I love the BBQ sauce,  just wished they gave more of it.  The young lady at the window was very friendly and helpful. I will definitely come back for more!
They have fesenjan and that's hard to find. Athen fries are wonderful here! Hooka lounge is a great evening on the sideline from the strip. Cheers!
I'm surprised this place has such great reviews. I thought their rolls lacked lots of flavor and the fish was not fresh at all.
The buffet was decent. Not the best but still edible. The tri tip was the only thing that really was worth it.
Standard, good Middle-Eastern food.  My date described the server as being \"le serveur qui nous a bien fait rire\".  I really felt for the guy because I understood that he wasn't clueless out of any bad emotion.
Food is good , but price is on the high side in my opinion . I would go back more if price is little cheaper !
I expected MUCH more for the 4.5 stars.  Had asada flautas.  Below average at best.  Chips and salsa were average at best.  Sitting area is too small.  Would not return.
A fairly new outlet mall that's nested in the Westgate center and near the University of Phoenix Stadium, home of the AZ Cardinals. The location is ideal for a day spent shopping, dining and events but the outlet center itself lacks in entertainment. It is quite small and the store selection is limited.
Good pancakes. Eggs and breakfast burrito I would say are just ok. Not sure why all the rave reviews.
The same thing that happened to the last guy who wrote a review, happened to me.  They quoted me a $49 fee, charged me $55 just to show up and then another $65 to unlock the door!  Totally lame, I should have done my homework first like I normally do.
I loved the huge bed room and view of golf course right behind winn hotel. It is gorgeous relaxed place. I recommend to stay weekday to get best price.
Back again for more airport bbq.  At least it's in NC.
Coffee is the standard very drinkable DD brew.  Service is slower than police response time in Detroit.
Awful service, first time I have ever walked out of a restaurant. 10 minutes to get drinks, while one server just walked around very dirty looking and not helping take orders. Food is to average for poor service!
Good little place to get some apps and drinks. Charcuterie plate is good, service is good and is comfy.\n\nI like this place
We went for our anniversary on 7/20/13 and the whole experience was awesome.  We have been to here many times and always have great food and the service is always good.  The whole time our server was very attentive.  And they even wrote Happy Anniversary on our dessert plate.  I love it here!
Great old school restaurant excellent service tasty prime rib  \nTable side preparation of dishes.  \nDo not be fooled by the location in a strip mall\n\nWould have been 5 stars but tne steak Oscar was tough \nThanks Tom for the service
This restaurant has a great atmosphere and very nice service. The menu is not vegetarian friendly and the margaritas are super sweet. \n\nFood is really good, had the salmon and pumpkin bread pudding. \n\nWould recommend for a night out with friends or with a date.
Had their strata which seemed overpriced and honestly not that tasty.
I have never had a bad meal at Uncle Sal's. This is the type of italian place that has you unbuttoning your pants at the end of your meal AND taking left overs home! Great wine selection too!
We went twice, first time, service was good. Second and last time, we arrived 30 minutes before closing. She emphasized they closed exactly the posted time. We are always respectful of closing times and doubt we would have gone past.  \nWe decided to leave. \nI hope she was able to close on time.
Michael is the best in Vegas! The room is welcoming and comfortable. He knows his stuff and is extremely affordable! U gotta get here;)
Extremely happy to find a cheap restaurant with a Gluten-Free menu. I was pleasantly surprised with the number of options that I could actually enjoy. Yeah for Mac&Cheese !
We order from this Dominoes all the time and the pizza is always delicious. Unfortunately, we always order marinara sauce and they never bring it!! Very disappointing. Literally, every time!!!
You had better be VERY hungry when you go to the restaurant.  We took a couple of people with us, they did not believe us, and there was WAY TOO MUCH good food that we took home.  In season, the Fruit bowl is so amazing...
Great food!  A little pricey for a broke mook like me to do regularly but yummy!
The service here is mediocre  at best. The main reason I revisited this place was because they have the best nachos I've ever tasted, hands down. The d\u00e9cor of this establishment is very nice and the coolest part was the TVs in the mirror in the bathroom.
Tried the dinner menu once and wasn't impressed. However, lil known tidbit- one of the Only places in Shadyside you can order off a brunch menu at 10 am on a Saturday. Plus all you can drink mimosas! After 3 your playing with house money.
This place has almost no parking. It was packed with people that were even allowed to block the door. Its noisy, crowded with no place to sit or wait unless you want to stand there for an hour. \nThere are too many other places to get a simple torta. I wouldnt wait & wont go back.
It was very quite when we went on a Sunday afternoon with our groupon.  Ordered the ham and brie and greek salad.  It was good but I am not sure good enough to make me want to seek it out again - sorry
I just have to say again how awesome each and every employee is at this location. I am a loyal customer here for life. Madeline and Brooke fully exceeded my expectations today and I couldn't be happier.
Great place to climb. I love that there is a place to climb in the west valley. They just repainted and it looks really cool. A lot of fun routes to be found here.
I got the double spiked The Buzz shake and it was so delicious.  It had some coffee flavored alcohol stuff in it.  The burgers were definately overpriced and I can't say it got my mouth watering.  It was good, but not my flavor.
Dropped by to have an afternoon snack and  ordered the six piece BBQ chicken wings. Wings were dry and the BBQ sauce was too sweet like the sweet and sour sauce at McDonald's.
Couldn't find a clean table out of 7 open tables. Pizza wasn't bad but we won't be returning. Soda fountain was very sticky from old spilled  soda.
This club is now officially closed for good due to redevelopment in the area.
Gluten-free crust was underdone and not very tasty. :(
Huge chicken plate for under $10. The flavors are authentic, and healthy.  I really enjoy this place and literally come here on week nights for take out when I don't want to cook.  All hail the food court.
A few years ago I almost bought a flat above this place. If I had I'd be the size of a house by now. The food is great, reasonably priced and the staff are friendly. It's well positioned in Stockbridge so get a seat at the front and people watch while enjoying a pint and a hearty bowl of soup.
This place is horrible! The bread was old and they didnt even have pickles!  The sandwich was put together very poorly and was not cut properly. They still messed up our order even after we corrected them. We will never be coming back again.
The view is amazing. Straight up it's really cool.\n\nother than that I wasn't super impressed, the music was alright but the crowd was more late twenties which if you're on the early twenties side of the ball, esp as a guy, there's accessibility issues. I like XS more.
Just ok. I had the Italian Rigatoni. It was very bland. Could have used some salt but, apparently, having salt on the table is beneath them. Also, the rigatoni was supposed to have Italian sausage in it but I didn't see any.
Every time I order online to pick up lunch, the food is always cold (not just lukewarm - but COLD). They need to figure out some basic time management. When I go through the line the servers are usually pretty nice. I have noticed that the portions have decreased over the past 3 years.
It's a good breakfast but it's depending on its reputation way to much. What kind of breakfast place charges you extra for filter coffee?\n\nThis place is filled with tourists, if you want something just as good, half the cost, and way cooler, head East deeper in the plateau!
Not only was the food wonderful but the staff are friendly.  The ribs are sooooo tender and the red beans & rice are fabulous.  The cornbread is YummmmmY.
Very slow food service. Took almost 25 mins to get our food. The food was good but just took too long.\n\nThe furniture is incredibly uncomfortable. Ouch!!
This place is now closed. It's open as a different Thai place, but I have no idea if there is any relation
I checked in and got a free edamame..  That was pretty cool.  The rolls are pretty big and it was fresh. Some things here are not my taste, like the music.. or that sake was barely on the menu.  I'd happily go back though.
Didn't put the cabin air filter back in and I drove away. Had to come backand everyone stood around pointing at everyone else trying to place blame. The price of an oil change was too expensive. Anything over $100.00 for a 4cylinder is just stupid.
Must be pretty good if I've come back for a second vehicle to be done. Tint on my Touareg has held up flawlessly and performed as expected. Precision cut and the time to do the job right the first time has brought me back!
Definitely a mixed crowd as stated before.  Decent food, a nice place to watch the game that is on that day.  Not a place where I am a regular, but there seem to be the same faces every time I walk by...weird. 2 stars.
The dessert crepes are waaay better to order than the savory crepes. Simple. Short.
I was here for Happy Hour, but they were closed during posted business hours.  The food may be pretty good here, but I'll never know because their door was locked.
This place used to be so good. I especially loved their salads. They put the drsg on the bottom and was so fresh. The steak is okay but they changed their seasonings. It doesn't have as much flavor any more. It is okay but not as special as it used to be
It's not the best sushi in the world, but it's decent and you can eat until you're full and not spend a small fortune.
Horrible. Booked a time online. Called to confirm and yet they're late. So late that we had to change our plans (catching a shuttle to Milwaukee airport). DON'T USE THIS COMPANY IF YOUR TIMELINE MATTERS.
Food was not that good.  Did not get our orders correct.  Lacks seasoning and flavor! There are definitely better places to go!
Unfortunately I never heard back from the company.
i wait long time but nobody come service me. It taste bad,I will not come again.\u5f88\u96e3\u98df\u7684\u97d3\u570b\u9910
Very cool boutique and amazing pool area! I have never been to Miami, but this is what I imagine Miami to be as far as the decor.
Another miss for Mint Hill. Very over priced food that's not good at all. That advertise corn hole tournaments on Sunday but don't plan on playing anyone. The vibe is also terrible. Won't be coming here again.
Cherry Lash Lounge is the best in town for sure!!
Wow...can't believe the positive reviews.  Had the mini dogs in a blanket.  Yuck!  Greasy with burnt ends.  My husband said he could have had a better meal from the dumpster.  It was over $6 for six little nasty bites.
Food is nicely prepared. Service is offered with a smile. If in the neighborhood I would stop by.  Definitely better than average!
This place was okay, maybe because the italian ice was pretty sweet, but what am I saying, it's dessert, it's supposed to be sweet! The custard was pretty solid and the combo of the ice with the custard was pretty good. All in all, A-Ok in my book :)
Great service... Much help when I asked questions.
We had great service and great food! Candice was fantastic!\n\nVery large variety of egg dishes. Very satisfying and fresh. Everything is made the scratch...even the hot sauces.
Great curds
I had to give it one star to get in here.   It received an 8 on risk factors on the current inspection list.  I have never seen one that bad.   Yikes.....
The pizza is unique and different. The fresh mozzarella is the best in town,
Delicious yogurt but sometimes you don't get as much as others. Seems like a better value if you go to self serve places like cherry on top
I visit LifeSpa inside Lifetime fitness to get my haircuts. My experience there has been excellent, I always ask for Kelsey she is the best hair stylist and I am always happy with my haircut. Thank you and I will be back soon!
Service and food on original location is so much better. I was very disappointed as this was closer to where I live.
You can't beat the carne asada tacos or the bombero burritos!  Al pastor is the way to go for a different, yet authentic taste of Mexico.  The family-owned vibe is very present and it makes the experience even that much more intimate.
Pretty good place! I like the fish tacos and the huge watermelon margarita the best! They also have really good enchiladas. Yum.
Well, that was the least customer-friendly experience I've had in a long, long, time.  The cooks prefer to prescribe what they want in lieu of serving the food as you want.\n\nGo to Joe's across the street or go hungry.  Beats this place
This is the best fried chicken in town! Whenever I go during lunch, the line extends out the door onto the sidewalk. \n\nThe only reason I didn't give it 4 stars is because they don't accept credit cards and I wish they'd offer fries instead of tater tots.
Grade: D+\n\nChain restaurant food. Loud and chaotic. Eat somewhere else.
Overpriced, average Italian in a hyped-up wise guy environment supposedly reminiscing of the old days of Phili lore.  Italian food should never cost this much.  I tried it twice, twice too many.
Good happy hour food and drink options.  The food was well prepared and tasty.  The waiter was overloaded so the service was lacking.  Also, he wasn't up on the menu so I had to send back an order that included ingredients he didn't tell me about.
Great margaritas! Love coming here for great atmosphere and good food.
Found a groupon, so we decided to try it out. Service was fine. Food was good. The Cheetos dusted onion rings were interesting. Good for the price with the Groupon, but with so much in Vegas, not sure we would come back.
As of 9/10/11: came here craving some pastries before my Mont Royal climb and found out from the Gallery lady that the bakery is CLOSED! :( \n\nMy search for almond croissant in Montreal continues...
Adequate prime rib...someone recommended me the sesame crusted sea bass. Normally I dislike cooked fish,cept Chinese steamed. But it is amazing....drafting this between bites!
Felt like I was in the dmv for a day. A hour and not one person name called.. omg!!!! I'm here cause my bill keeps getting bigger when I don't go over mins or data. Thinking about T-mobile..
I took my kids to the Cupcakery and I joyed the cupcakes. The only problem is the price of the cupcakes I paid $5.00 for one cup cake that was to much. I ended up buying four cupcakes. Not to say that I did not enjoy eating the cupcake, but it was overpriced.
This was the dirtiest eating establishment I have EVER walked into. Floors ,walls,chairs,tables, everything was really dirty. If the front of the house was this dirty I can only imagine what the kitchen looked like.
Great food - but why is this place so damn small?! Had to line up for over 30 minutes...they need to move to a bigger place!
No. No. No. The reason I give 1 star is you can get full for cheap, and there is a salad bar. The rest of the food offered is just mixing the same few ingredients together in different ways.
It is Pei Wei...there is not much to describe or tell.  The food is salty and oily, but that should be expected.  The price is good for what you get.  I like having the to-go option.
I absolutely love this place and love how close it is to my house. They are so friendly and helpful when I have no idea what to order.\nThe only thing I would change are prices, it's a liiiiitle expensive but I go more often than most probably do ;)
Very outdated, and super crowded. It is nearly impossible to walk in a straight line, and there is not nearly enough seating in the concourse.\n\nBoarding was very chaotic, as there was really no where to stand or line up without getting in everyone else's  way.
So maybe the food is good, but hello if you're gonna be a place to have a full bar and lounge places to sit, don't close before midnight on a weekend. And don't take my candle just so you can close early. I definitely won't be coming back here again.
Went here with my sister n law for breakfast. Huge portions, cheap price.  Food was good, atmosphere fair. B+
its Bi-Lo.. what is it left to say?\n\nI use the Fuel Perks... and you can usually see me on Sunday mornings.. (a little before 12:NOON)... hint hint!!
First time I tried.  It was awesome. But this time it is actually not good.  They also increase the price for 4th July holiday. But the food was worse. Oysters were not fresh. King crabs are small.  We were really disappointed. For almost $70 a person. Totally not worth it. Stay away for good.
This is a hell hole, there is mold all over the restroom,the carpet is filthy, the towels are soiled and Cable is basic of basic. Pictures will explain these and other short falls.
Decided to go out of the way and go to this particular location. Was greeted with a rude \"what do you want?\" Every table was dirty. There was soda spilled on the floor and was already to the point that it was sticky. Overall worst Jimmy Johns experience.
Service is very good, My husband doesn't want I take his clothes anywhere else.
Went to the buffet today and was very disappointed! Hadn't been for awhile and it has gone downhill considerably. While the service was good, the quality of the food and the quantity of the selections left much to be desired. At least the Coconut Creme Pie was good!
I'm a regular here. Lately they've been inconsistent with their sauce and toast. Sometimes it's really salty. Other than that, the chicken are always fresh and moist.
Not bad for a 24 hour joint, fast service but the food was only worth 2 stars at best... Definitely will NOT be coming back...!!! Dirty tables & floors...!
I can't say enough about Volkwerks and their team of professional mechanics. I will never take my VW any place else. Quality workmanship, fair prices, great folks!
What a bad show! Bad production. Audio wasn't working for first 10 mins of the show, so not entertaining. I could see the \"magic\" before it happened. The girls stepping into the box when they were not supposed to be seen. I would not recommend to waste your money.
Food was fantastic. Service was a little slow but other than that, loved it.  Great patio and inside seating area.
I read the reviews. Heard good things. Was excited to try it. It was just ok. Wouldn't return. Pretty limited menu. Disappointing selections. Split the chopped salad and Reuben. Meat was very fatty and huge chunks. Hard to eat.
Love the environment, the menu, and the service has always been great.  Nice sized portions and good appetizer options.  Our family enjoys eating here about once a week.  We enjoy the jalepeno hummus, dolmades, and most any other thing on the menu.  The food is fresh and tasty.
Great service. Pizza not so good. I'd rather get pizza from pizza Parma. The brick oven pizza from the market district giant eagles are even better.  I really wanted to like this place. My wife and I will not return.
Great service, the family that owns this place are very friendly and personal. They get to know you, learn your orders and it's very clean.
Tried it once and will never go back. Tried a chili dog and a burger. Was trying to give this first visit a fair shake but it's not going to happen. Food was terrible and service was below average. I'm hoping this place will shut down and FILIBERTO'S will take over the building.
This was a fun club. i celebrated my 21st birthday it was deinetly a hot spot. the music /drinks were great! Enjoyed it hands down. Definetly a memory never to be forgotten!!
Service with Christopher was great, food was good! Salsa is too sweet and the fried ice cream wasn't freshly fried. Some minor changes would make this a great little place!!
a new concept Chinese food restaurant, good atmosphere, excellent service, which is very rare seen among its peers, good place to hang out with friends and family.
Clean shop with friendly staff.\n\nYou are not allowed to shoot certain types of firearms there unless you are a member (Class-3 & shotguns, for example) -  The person I spoke to about this could not explain \"why\" they had this rule.
I wasn't not impressed as not only did they NOT have Braunschweiger, they didn't even know what it was.
This ymca is very large.  It has 4 floors to exercise.  Like 10 racket ball rooms.  Towel and rags are ease of access to shower and etc.  The downside is that most hours of the day it is crowded because it is located downtown.
t's a one-man show here resulting in long wait times, long call hold times, and overall sub-par customer service. The one employee was nice but this is just a sign of poor management at this location.
We came here for Thai food with one $. It was a little pricier than expected and servings weren't generous. Decor is cute. Space is tiny. A-ok if this is your neighborhood Thai spot. No need to go out of your way.
Order taker: cup or bowl? Bowl. And I get a cup. \n\nCalifornia club on a croissant. Get regular bread. \n\nSeriously dude? Why even take the orders if you're not going to listen?
The food was excellent. Price was right. Large selection. Great customer service. You won't be disappointed.
I don't eat fish so I'm not sure how much my review is worth but on my first visit recently the chef made me the most wonderful veggie roll -he even did it without the seaweed which I hate!  Excellent!!!
Sorry I was not impressed. The wait was so annoying. The person in charge of the line could not give us a timeframe for our wait - which ended up being almost 2 hours. Never again will I wait 2 hours for food that is just ok.
They have a good happy hour. Quesadilla flavor was good but tortilla needed to be crispier.
Best bbq in CU! Some portions are not extremely large, but everything tastes great. Prices are extremely reasonable. Plan for at least a 30 minute wait around dinner time.
I have eaten here over 10x. I used to go a lot on my lunch break, but I have stopped. They had really good burgers. The environment is nice, but the last 2x I went they messed up my order and I believe they made a mistake and put sugar on my french fries.
After eating here a couple of hours i got hives and went to Urgent Care twice.  I believe they put too much MSG on their food.  I will never go back here again.
I decided to bump it up to a 4 because I had the sesame tofu which was delicious. Everytime someone at work wants to get takeout, I'm always hoping Lin's wins the vote.\n\nLunch portions are perfect.
Love their food! Always fresh and delicious! Not much to look at theme wise, but it's clean and sanitary.
I have been twice!!! I am systematically working my way through their menu!!! Just love everything about this restaurant, love the family environment.... keep it going
Such a beautiful venue but such poor uncaring service.  My elderly mom got food poisoning at Frank\nAlbert and the most care we got was the operator .. They could use help
We absolutely love this place! We went there several times during our stay in Las Vegas and it was great every time. The server was really nice and attentive and the food is awesome. Try the Blueberry Pancakes!! We can definitely recommend this diner.
this place had the worst food i ever had in my life!!!! they were very rude .. dont ever go here!!!!! super gross!!!
Great sushi.  There are quite a few choices and the ingredients were fresh.  Plus the service is very good.
Pricey!!! But the food was sooooooo good!!!!!! Again another one of those places in Madison which are good to go once in a while.
Pretentious. But sometimes you want that for lunch. Food is good. You just have to chew a lot. Lots of vitamin rich food.
Quite possibly the worst Chinese food experience of my life. Inedible, left the undercooked beef, the overcooked chicken and what I think was supposed to be soup and ran out the door with kids in tow. DO NOT EAT HERE should be the only sign on their door.
I came in and a waitress came to our table , took our order and then walked away. Another lady came to us and asked what we wanted , then the first girl came back and asked us again!!! The restaurant has 4 people. This is not good! Write it down you dumb blonde
This place made me remember why I don't live in Scottsdale anymore.
Great Place.  Did the yelp special $28 for the $45 service.  Was very friendly and professional. Will definitely recommend to others and I'll definitely be back.
Yum!  Homemade pizza.  I ordered up the Butcher Block:  Sausage, Pepperoni, Meatball, Ham and Bacon Bits and it was delish.  I'm looking forward to coming back to see some hockey, check out the other eats on the menu and play a little Shuffleboard.
Always low prices! \n\nClean floor. Clean staff. \n\nYou just gotta love Wallyworld! \n\nI mean.. past the political stuff :)
Do yourself a favor and get here. It's incredible. I've been to the original in New York and this is as good. \n\nThe pizza will simply blow your mind. I recommend the pepperoni. Plenty of room for large groups too.
The food is better than average for a buffet, BUT... the cracked and chipped dishes are a concern. The walls are filthy, so I will pass on a next time..or until they just make a few common sense improvements. The food is pretty good.
Average and  expensive. I would almost suggest paying for a cab to get you off the strip and enjoy a more authentic Asian experience. Ambiance was fair. Portion sizes were healthy but the chow fun noodles didn't really tickle my fancy. Lacked the flavor depth I was looking for in a restaurant in this price range.
First time coming here. The bartenders were cool, but the waitress (cocktail server/whatever) was really rude. I couldn't even ask her anything. It was as if I was interrupting her by asking her any questions. It was weird and I felt uncomfortable. Probably not coming back.
I thought it was solid.  I got the Pittsburgher with an Iron City.  I had to experience Primanti and I enjoyed it.  \nService was good on a Friday afternoon, Beer was cold on a hot day and my sandwich was satisfying.  What more could you really ask for from a sandwich joint?
Terrible service the morning we were there. We were seated promptly and told to go to the buffet lines. The server didn't come to take drink orders until we were practically finished, and didn't come again with refills. The breakfast food was OK, not great.
Beautiful ride if you take the two hour ride. We do this at least twice a year and always calm, peaceful ride!  Today the rear guide loved to talk too much and yelled at the horses the entire ride. Annoying but still a beautiful ride.
The stalls were expensive and I was laughing at the cheek of selling Christmas trays at \u00a35 each that pound stretcher are selling for \u00a31!
Men of X is the worse show I have ever paid for, DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY, these guys have no talent and cant dance.  whoever choreographed their show needs a new job he has no talent
Back again in July of 2010. \nThere was a line up, but the food was equally good. Great breakfast!
Fantastic chopped salad.  I had the pork shank; very good.  We went to dinner with another couple and really enjoyed the whole experience.
Went to a child's birthday party and all the kids had a great time. A bit chaotic, loud and screaming kids everywhere :)
Love this place. Great service with excellent Greek food. The gyros with the yogurt dill sauce is amazing. I usually order to-go because of how speedy they are! Would recommend to anyone. A +!
It's a mall. One Big A$$ mall with 4 levels of shopping. It boasts having Canada's largest food-court selection, and as others have mentioned: it's part of the underground city.
This was a cool dive bar.. too bad we got there in time for only round before they closed.. fun crowd!
Food was excellent! My sister had the filet mignon and LOVED it. I had the steak classique and it brought me great joy! Definitely recommended. Bring a sweater bc it's a little chilly, but well worth it.
Sushi Happy hour is the hidden secret. 6$ 5 piece Salmon (sake) and Tuna, plus others. Make sure you get a drink from store before sitting down. They only serve hot tea but will charge you for whatever you bring.
Great place to spot for a drink or quick bite to eat while downtown.
Staff is friendly and awesome and goes above any beyond!   But the female owner or manager is such a heinous catty women!  I hated how she talked down to EVERYONE...including ME!  I feel bad for her staff!
Hands down a great place to go \nEgg drop soup wonderful\nLady behind counter was exquisite!!!!!!!!!!\nGo back in a heartbeat!!!!!
Teppan was just okay...had to wait awhile for Teppan chef to come...miso soup was nasty and dressing for salad which I normally love was just okay...sushi order got mixed up and almost got someone else's sushi...
Meh. Mediocre at best. Service was horrible. It took 20 min to get drinks and then we were asked if we would like to order appetizers.  I may have enjoyed the food but I was turned off by the service.
Lamb shawarma and calamari so delish, make you wanna slap yo' llama.. maybe even yo' momma too! =D jk But they are dammed tasty, though!
More of a 3.5. An endless menu of delicious chocolate-related confections of relatively good quality. A little on the pricey side though.
I would recommend Yellowtai instead. Same chef, much better food and environment. Slightly higher prices, but still worth it.
I had a delicious french toast that had a tasty crunchy topping (maybe rice krispies) topped with bananas. The staff was very friendly and it is a great place to stop on the way to Surprise Stadium. The only downside was the very weak coffee.
The service is the best thing about this place.  That is why I gave them two stars.  The rest is down hill from there.  No flavor!  Too expensive!  Limited variety of dim sum! I'd rather go a little farther and enjoy a greater variety at a more reasonable price.  Won't be coming back here.
Usually I'm not a fan of Chinese buffets but after a disappointing buffet acurance else where decided to give this place a try and I enjoyed it. Lots of food and atmosphere wasn't bad either. I would most likely go here again if I got the chance.
The best pizza I have ever eaten! The service was excellent! Being a vegas restaurant in a 5 star hotel the prices were also reasonable.  Will be going back on my next trip to Vegas!
I always get excited to go here, but I'm never that impressed with the food. It's good, but not great. Nice atmosphere & staff though.
Nice, clean local place in Green Tree. Might be a little pricey but the food is good and homemade.
AMAZING yoga studio! I love every single instructor I've had the pleasure to experience. All have very different styles, so you never know what you are going to get. A special shout out to Angelica & Heather, always so upbeat and positive. The small classes make a huge difference as well & so does the sustainable yogawear boutique
Better during the weekdays so you can enjoy a quiet stroll around the park.  Don't\nLet the little ones feed the large geese.. They are mean !  Although you will get a good jog out of it while trying to put some distance between yourself and them.
Great real ale and knowledgeable staff
The price is crazy high for mediocre food and it took 15 minutes to get a cup of coffee.....after getting up to ask the manager ----- crappy service and crappy food, go to McDonalds you'll be better off
Very delicious. I had great customer service, as the staff is very attentive. And they have a great brunch and dinner selection! If in the Summerin area I definitely recommend trying them out.
Had high expectation, so wanted to like this place, was quite disappointed. So so service, ok ambience, food was bad. A good test is how well the lamb kebab is prepared, I had to send it back and get something else as it was super chewy like rubber, disappointing!
Dropped in for happy hour, and couldn't get a waitress.  Finally came she wasn't attentive at all.
Great stuff , give it a try!  Go to their website for current location, they move around,\n\nbrownbearbbq.com\n\nOh ya, they cater and its awesome !
We sat on the patio. Very nice environment, and great service! Ordered the filet - it was nothing special, but all together was a nice experience. Weird to see cheese curds on the menu at a steakhouse. But ok!
Amazing bar!! The bartender, Carmit, is freaking amazing!! ..BEST bartender ever! ..karaoke is always a blast! Actually great singers and the hosts are a blast. Definitely recommend this bar to anyone and everyone !!
What else can you say except AMAZEBALLS!
Probably the best buffet i had ever eaten at.  The food choices were plentiful and the food was delicious!  You definitely need to come here hungry so that you can taste a little bit of everything.  Definitely will be coming back here again.  A little on the pricey side but well worth the food.
I'm gonna make this one quick.  BIG food but just barely average in taste/quality. The music playing in the background was absolutely terrible but at least they had some funny and entertaining videos playing on the TVs.  Lastly... coffee... bad.
Long lines but exactly what I expect for an airport. Fast enough service to get a coffee before my flight.
I have never had a thing here that wasn't amazing. The wait for your food is totally worth it and acceptable with their quality.
The pizza lacked taste and had way too much cheese. The crust was not cooked all the way through. It wasn't worth the money spent. The only bright spot were the wings which were cooked well and the sauce tasted good.
Well as with all the Strip sushi joints the quality of food is awesome, service is awesome . I ate at the bar and the bartenders are great, but I just can't justify the portions and the prices can't give this more than a 3 star because of those reasons.
This place is great! All the food is home made every day and it show! The service is excellent. Highly recommend it to everyone!
Good subs!
The soup is not very flavorful, especially if you know really good pho. Sorry but it was not that great. And the quality of the meat was mediocre. And the prices are way too high.
usually a great place but I was hungry and the line was too long and the service was way too slow for a fast food place.
Best donuts thus far, in the west valley, in Buckeye AZ. Better than Dunkin. For those from Cali. they taste almost as good as Yum Yum Donuts, beats going to Cali. Located on Watson, in the Frys shopping center. Enjoy!
Worst service ever
2 words: Food poisoning. \n\nMy stepdad and I both got food poisoning from Garcia's...not pleasant.
I have been getting my haircut here from the Owner of Texture on Bell rd. her name is Vonnie with a V if you go in there please say that joke to her. I have never had a problem getting in and she does a great job
Words cannot express how much of a hatred I have for Century Link! If I had any other   option I would switch in a heartbeat.
Didn't even make it to the table.  Told a certain wait time, waited twice as long were never seated.  Got a drink from the bar, a vojito, strawberries stuck in straw and mint pulled too fine
Beyond expectation\nNever had food deliverd where\nI needed to let food cool down\nBaked ravoli excellent garlic cheese bread\nExcellent ! Will recommend to anyone and everyone ! Thank you cafe Verdi .
I've had two really nice experiences here and think this will be my go-to place for a pedicure. I've yet to experience a wait and my pedicure lasts for-ev-er. Plus, it's a great value that includes a bonus hot stone massage.
Fish not fresh. Tuna frozen!  Ebi from same frozen shrimp I buy from 99 ranch market!  Sushi is bad. Service was really bad. Never going back!
The food here isn't bad, it's just that there always a looooong waiting list and it's packed like a box of over stuffed matches.
Yeah, overpriced, chocolate flavored water = hot chocolate from the Bellagio Caf\u00e9.    If you're looking for hot chocolate the best place I've found is the Coffee Bean inside Planet Hollywood.   Go get your cocoa there and then walk over to the fountains and enjoy.
Sub-par food for the price (or any price, really). Bad service.\n\nI can't think of any positives about this place other than it's closed to the sports venues downtown.
The dj is horrid.. takes a long time to a get a drink, if you sit in the booths. the food came out cold. Had to send the burger back, asked for it without sauce and they put it on anyway. The bloody mary tasted bland.
no stars! place is disgusting. found a worm/catapillar in the kim chi. didnt give us a refund. gross. dont go there. for any of the food. it's so dirty. so dirty! so rude! so cheap! signs everywhere about extra charges.
After you put your order in, there are tons of people waiting for the drink but the service is pretty fast.  This convenience of being fast taps into the quality of their drinks.  I ordered a small Strawberry Surf Rider and it came back super watered down... Need I say more?
Food is okay, service stinks. Left here hungry 2 times now. Manager is clueless, staff poorly trained. Never busy, no wait on weekends or peak times. Wonder why.
The food is a step-up from normal bar food. With that said, it is still bar food. None of the beers have impressed. The atmosphere is decent enough, the service is often lacking. And for what you are getting, the prices are a tad high.
Not terribly thrilling... but I can see a 12 year old going nuts in here. The roller coaster was fun but I wouldn't pay $$$ to go on it a second time. I *do* love indoor rollercoasters though...
Wednesday night lobster special 16.99 can't go wrong.   Cold beer hot food who would complain with that. Plenty of tv's to watch all your favorite sport's. Ill be coming nack soon
Fun. Love the game atmosphere. Good was good. Bartender was really nice. Would  definitely come back.
Initially, the first room we were given smelled like cigarette smoke.  We got different room because of that.  But next our room didn't have hair drier.  We asked for another hair drier, but another customer had taken it, and there were no other available.  And this is in middle of winter time.
MEH....So so, Way overpriced for what you get. If you're into aviation, then you'll enjoy the commercial airliners thundering overhead every 55 seconds from McCarron Airport. I'd play Desert Pines or Royal Links instead next time.
Food was okay.  Didn't really care for the texture of the meatballs and the bread was rock hard.  That said the appetizers and desserts were good.  Supposedly the pancakes are where its at so I may try those next time.  A little bit pricey for what it was in my opinion
Had a double bacon cheeseburger, with cheese fries.  Filling, but nothing special.  Found the beef underspiced.
I just left there waited 15 mins got home after being in class all day very hungry odered shake,Bacon western and onion rings'That is the worst HB I have ever gotten\nThe bun was blk and dry the hb very dry and I threw it in the trash worse dinner ever
Do they buy packaged donuts from Giant Eagle and throw some different toppings? Might as well. Those would taste better than here. I love donuts. I don't understand how the service here is worse than the sister store in Oakland. Awful.
Excellent Mexican food, good service, comfortable surroundings. Excellent choice.
I used to love this buffet so much, but I feel like the quality of food has gone down over the years.  The prime rib here is still good though.
BEST massage i've had thus far! Jesse focuses on your problem areas and needs and the 90 minute deep tissue massage focusing on my back, shoulders and neck was awesome! I am so glad to have found a very knowledgeable LMT. Highly recommended! I will definitely be back! :)
Absolutely love this place! Owner Joe is hilarious, people-oriented,  welcoming,  and just down right awesome. Portion sizes are huge,  the food is excellent, service all around fantastic!
Did a good job of cleaning but definitely missed a couple of spots that I'm paying for (air vent louvers). Looked to upsell me right away to something that didn't make any sense.
Good steak. Service was great. Speedy service requested and speedy service received... Would recommend if your looking for a decent steak  in the charlotte area..
The place may be small but the food and the service is second to none. The teriyaki chicken is the best in town. Appetizers are so good along with the house fried rice. This place need to be on diners drive-ins and dives show!!
This place was amazing! Great Service with a smile, it was clean, and had Excellent Sushi. As good as the Sushi was, the dessert was to die for. We had the Hawaiian Bread Pudding.. OHMYBABYJEEZY! So damn good! The Miso soup was pretty good also.
Pretty boring sandwich, unless you just really like meat. Service was downright rude. Overheard the server talking smack about us because we were disappointed with our meal. Pricey. Wont be back. Used to go there all the time when they were more authentic.
Loved this place! Went here looking for a good nail salon in champaign that wasn't as expensive as on campus, and had a great experience. They are under new ownership. Did an awesome job on a fill and have reasonable prices. Also offered me a soda and gave me a shoulder massage while my nails dried!
I know I will be chastized for this but I dont get what the big deal is. It is very cute and quaint and if you want to impress your date it would probably work. I love the little table outside between the restaurant and bar, thats adorable.
Toughest place to rate. Atmosphere was great. Service very good. Place was a blast. Food sucked especially for the price. But I'd say come for the fun get drunk and order the cheapest thing. Split a burger and have a blast.
tried to travel a day earlier due to the terminal illness of a relative. informed that it would cost $ 400.00 more to due so. leeches !!!!!1
Some businesses don't care about their customers.  The girls who work there are nice and down to earth so it's not that.  It's the old dirty towels and freezing floors in the machines without any mats or at least an extra floor towel in the dressing space.  This place is super basic nothing but average across the board.
Only reason why it doesn't get 5 stars is because you always have to wait 20 minutes for a table and service can be slow at times. Not the worst thing - just means they're so busy because its delicious!!! Just go 30 min before your hungry.
I AM IN LOVE WITH THE THREE TACO DISH. Mmmm... marinated pork.\n\nTrust me, you do NOT want to pass this place up.
This is very cheap food - the eggs and bacon are good, veggie omelet not so much.  Service is amazing and you are really made to feel welcome - I think the better call is the pancakes or french toast.
I totally understand the love showered on their prepared food...just wish I had caught them a little more stocked.  I tried the tropical chicken and shrimp pasta and both were pretty decent.  \n\nI would like to try more.  We' ll see if the opportunity arises.
Saw her ad on Craigslist and asked one question via email. Good luck with your business because you're going to need it. Couldn't believe the unnecessary rudeness. Lost a possible client.
So much fun. Defiantly go!
Find a different frys supermarket if possible. This location is really busy.  I have had to complain to management a few times for not having enough registers open,  not enough baggers and not restocking items that are out. Every time it gets better for a couple days but it soon degrades to the same situation.
Nice employee but bad flower selection. They tried to sell me dead flowers.
I heard about EBC on NPR and thought I would give it a try for breakfast. I was really impressed with the service, incredible tasting and healthy food, and nice, casual atmosphere. My friend said EBC made the best scrambled eggs that he has ever had.
Great Atmosphere.  Good Sushi.
These guys do a great job. Honest, hard working, competent, friendly. I've taking my car here for a year and will continue to for many more.
Thank the good lord they are closing!  The fact that this place lasted so long is a testament to the fact that people will eat just about anything...\nLenny is the king of schlock food!
The first time we ate there was so good. we planned next trip especially to eat there. However, the second time the food was gross. It was so bad we never ate there again. It's true, it depends on the chef. I have little to say about this place, I was disappointed.
Do NOT book this hotel. They make it up like it's luxury but don't be fooled. Almost no amenities, and so out-dated. Either you demand an upgrade to the \"presidential suite\" or leave because the presidential suites are the only ones that are equivalent to a standard Holiday Inn room.
Nice clean restaurant and really good cheesesteaks.  Good variety on the menu between cheesesteaks and chickencheesesteak sandwiches.  Consistenly good.
The human race has jumped the shark.
Checked in tonight, the room we were originally given did not meet our expectations. Sean at the front desk was very accommodating and went out of his way to make sure that we had everything we needed.  Can't wait to see how the rest of our stay works out.
The burgers were decent, but they weren't worth the cost with how tiny they were.  I can think of a number of burger joints in Madison that are much better.
There's nothing like eating A stone's throw from the beautiful fountains. The chicken and the ravioli dishes were incredible, but the $50 sirloin was tough and disappointing. Expensive, but this is Vegas...
Best Eggs Benedict in town.
Cousin Vinny serves up some good Italian. I've had the tortellini and the five-cheese spaghetti bake (with added chicken), and both dishes were phenomenal. Other than Oregano's, you'd be hard pressed to find great Italian food at these prices.
Had my hangover breakfast here. \n\nEverything was just fine except the scrambled eggs. . . . they were strange & fake like?? Not sure how you can screw up scrambled eggs so I am taking 2 stars off for that. \n\nService was excellent and so were the pancakes.
Better than ever... Amazing Italian food at an affordable price. Wouldn't go anywhere else.  Thank God JC is back!
My buddy and I both got food poisoning after eating here, enough said
We been here so many times it use to be our \"Sunday place\" to go. But the service has been getting worse every time we go in. Yesterday we had gotten take out, the smallest portions I had every seen from here. Probably not going to be our \"Sunday Place\" anymore.
My first visit and we were served old guacamole, tried flagging down the server multiple times- the bartender looked right at us and did not tell her we needed something.  Drink order was wrong.  Not impressed.
A early stop at 4:01 am for a delicious iced caramel coffee with a blast of expresso for that WAKE ME UP moment .. The lady was friendly for being really early and super fast ... Awesome service ..
So not feeling it. The drinks were watered down .. The food came out cold and one of my tacos fell on the table the waitress didn't even offer to replace it. So not worth it. Never coming again.
I just found the GM's card in my wallet and I don't remember talking to him...damn...I must have had a really good time
pitaya bowl!!!!!!!! super delicious!! %100 authentic!!! and the staff/owners are great!!!!!
They do have some good chicken fingers but other than that they are over-rated and over priced.  Their lemonade is excellent but they charge for refills.  Cane sauce was good.\n\nOverall, I will not be a repeat customer.
We had the Baked Lobster Bisque and we shared a Pastrami Sandwich. The soft Sinatra music playing made the meal very pleasant. Our waiter, Toni, was wonderful. The food was delicious and the service was excellent. What a lovely cafe. I can't wait to go back and try other dishes.
I had a great experience with this company. Showed up on time, manually cleaned and disinfected my ducts and made my home smell fresh. You could also tell they take pride in their work.
it's just ok ,  wait so long
The Arizona burger is incredible! I want to have one every day!
Best greatest/bar in Vegas. We stay at the NY,Ny just for this place. Stay up late drinking and playing then wake up and go to Nine Fine and get the Irish Breakfast. Best meal of my life and the waitress was awesome. Belly full and I'm off to add poker tournament. Doesn't get any better.
pronounced wou-chee-NAN-go but you will say WOW-chee-NAN go with the two key syllables  being WOW & GO!
I wanted to update my review. I am more satisfied with the service and food has been great. Just a little comment, the chef should be a little more willing to accommodate special orders that are easy to do. Weather is perfect for their patio! I also recommend the burger special on the weekend.
This show is more serious than Mystere. The acrobats in Le Rev though was PHENOMENAL! The whole time we had our jaws touching the ground. The set up of the show was great, audiences are able to view the performers from anywhere they sit. This is a show I will definitely recommend!
I've had villa pizza before but not from this restaurant. They got to us fast but it wasn't very good. It was really bland and had no flavor.The cheese was sticking to the box in the corner. Won't order here again.
We heard great things.  We were disappointed in the tuna tartar appetizer.  It didn't have the flavor that other places offer.  Seasons 52 had a much better, similar tuna appetizer.  If you are near the mall with a big group, it would be a reasonable option.
I am glad we found this place. We live close by so it is very convenient. The food is awesome. I always get the chicken shawarma, it is very flavorful and comes with a great garlic sauce. The people are also very nice. I would definitely recommend this place.
Food was good until....Cockroaches! On the buffet line!
Only place in Vegas that has AYCE sashimi! The restaurant itself looks outdated and old but I honestly just care for the sashimi, oysters and soft shell crab! Service can be improved upon but overall good.
Finally a Chinese style shabu shabu spot. This place has some unique broths and organic ingredients. Try this place out it won't disappoint.
Now, I've never been here but a few of my boozing buddies have. What I hear about the partying and music sounds real great. From what I've heard I can only say round 2 out of 5. I'd need some first hand experience for higher marks or a better review.
Can't say the food is good or bad. The service was so terrible, I waited and didn't even get to eat. Gave up and went to another nearby establishment.
Very little is better than this place; seriously.  That said, since hands have changed, a few things have changed that I could do without.  Still, this establishment houses the best cool treat in all The Valley.  Full vegan options is a great plus.  You can also try any amount of flavors you like without being looked down upon.
horrible horrible horrible customer service!!! I waited 30 minutes at the bar watching at least 6 employees standing around texting with out even acknowledging my presences... not to mention the bar tenders nee to go back to school and learn how to make cocktails
If we lived here, we'd eat here once a week. Excellent food, excellent value, excellent service.\n\nIt's too bad the Fox group doesn't expand the Greene House concept outside of Scottsdale - this would work well in Austin and other cities.
Yesterday I forgot my lunch and I decided to go to the Central Cafe for lunch.  I'm so glad I did.  The special was Shredded Beef Tacos.  They were by far the best tacos I have had in a really long time. :)  Thanks Central Cafe for the best tacos.
I am a big time fan of the Russian honey cake and this place was a disappointment.  The cake had too much shortening added to it and the cake was really dry.  I will not buy honey cake from them again if they will cut out fresh quality ingredients to lower costs.
Boring Mexican Food!\nOverpriced for such a casual ho-hum place!\nNice wait staff, ,though!
Worst customer service ever. We got all you can eat sushi and they literally served us one roll at a time and asked us if we wanted the next one when we finished the roll and took forever to make the food causing us to get full quickly and wasting our money.
Really knows his stuff and is really reasonablly priced!  Without a doubt the best and most honest mechanic I've ever dealt with.
Don't come here if you are an ASU fan. Apparently, other games are more important. Way to cater to your neighborhood.
Awesome happy hour!
The lobster bisque was excellent, as if I was sucking that gooey stuff straight from the lobster's head, LOL.  The entrees were good too, I sampled everybody's selection, even the desserts were good. Don't take my word for it, you gotta try this place yourself.
Got free tickets, otherwise wouldn't have gone.\n\nCheesy and amateur.  Turn off lights and have someone randomly scream at you: same experience you'll have here.\n\nLearning is fine but not what I would choose to hear about Scotland if I could do it again.
Coffee was good, but not worth $3.95+tax for a large. Can't expect anything cheaper though since it is located on the strip, and in one of the fancier hotels.
I'm trying to keep in mind this is one of the oldest hotels in Vegas. That being said, I'm just not impressed with our room, the actual hotel. The pool is by the nicest spot in the hotel. \n\nBring your money! This is just as pricy as any where else in the strip
sushi was just ok, way over priced.  Service was slow for the amount of customers in this place.
Spicy poke bowl was not that great !!! Very mushy and slimy !! It's supposed to be spicy salmon it is not spicy at all !!!! Overrall there sushi is good . I've had better sushi/poke bowls!!
Food is good, service and cleanliness need major improvement. Teen staff mostly ate and was clueless to the customer,\nMoire mature servers, steam clean the place, would be a great experience.
food is mediocre at best and it's overpriced. I've had better korean before, avoid this place.
Strip Steak restaurant inside Mandalay Bay is one of tbe best kept secrets in Las Vegas. The food is excellent and the service is superior. The mashed potatoes with garlic are to die for. Come hungry. Awesome place!!!!
A very popular breakfast spot in Queen Creek. Lots to choose from for breakfast & lunch. Good it's good &, the service too. This is my 2nd time here.
Slow service. Good ribs. OK chicken, fries tasted weird. Ignored by waiter while waiting for food. Probably won't go back, I like Lucille's better.
The concept of a small, intimate, italian restaurant is realized. I've gone about 5 times now and every time it gets better.\n\nMeatballs and Polenta are to die for. \nThe Pasta and Anchovy sauce was crazy ridiculous.
went back for the little guy's birthday after his first game of miniature golf the dinner request 'hot dogs!'...still delicious, still super friendly, still worth the drive.
If you aren't from the East Coast, you have no idea what you've been missing!!!! Get to Rita's fast!!! This is one thing my family has missed for 2 years since moving to Arizona. So glad there is finally one in Surprise. We have already been there 3 times in one week.
Waited 15 minutes for a server to acknowledge me. Left before being acknowledged at all. Rating based on service since I didn't wait around to order food.
Great hotel, nice decor and design.  Room was state of the art and the view was breathtaking from 29 floors up.  The layout and parking was great as well.  Next door is the city center with quite a bit of things to do.  It is definitely the city-center.
Prefer to go here then buy online to help support oir local business..great stock and super friendly staff
It's a hit or miss here depending upon what stuck up college kid you get serving you.
Ridiculously long waits,  not enough staff.  Waste an hour or more of your stay in Vegas.  Cars not the newest.  Only good thing is the price.  Staff try hard,  just not enough of them
Was not a 100% honest in evaluating the problem.
Get new staff.. The orange blossom beer is so good. Get some to go or elsewhere because the service here is bullshit. I think the servers are drunk or high and I had to ask for everything
Left directv after increasingly poor customer service. Lately, I got a different answer about future end dates every single time I called cust service. I'm done. Got Cox today and I love them. Goodbye, DTV. Forever. You had the chance to make it right and gracelessly passed.
One of the best/biggest gyms of all the large hotels in Vegas but also the most sterile, brightly light spas I have been to anywhere. Go to The Bathhouse or Bellago instead. I even prefer the more quaint MGM spa.
Service was great and the owners are nice. We got 6 donuts consisting of maple bars, the apple crumble, jelly, and glazed. They were reasonably priced and pretty good. I have them four stars because they are good, but not as good as Bosa. I would rank them also slightly worse than Krispy kremes
Not bad. Best as a decent take out. Crust was too hard but a good taste. Dining room is a few booths and tables and was not air-conditioned very well but hay, your there for the pizza and garlic knots.
I really enjoy this club! I have been here few times and the ambiance is always good.. It is expensive but beautiful! Dress super fancy and sexy! \nI wish it was a night pool party every night!putting the feet on the water while dancing and drinking is amazing!
This is the worst Japanese-American restaurant I have ever been to. Food is literally something my Japanese friends can make literally 10 times better. Food taste really bland and disgusting. Don't ever eat here because they over charge for meals here and the quality is terrible.
A SHOW TO SEE WHILE YOUR IN VEGAS!!! the show was simply mind blowing....im not going to give any secrets away in this review....you just have to go see it =))
Broken promises by the Geek Squad. One word: disappointed.
Wow... this place is awesome! Went here with a friend and had the tasting pre-fix dinner we couldnt even finish it! And for $40 bucks not bad at all!! came with appetizer and desert, cant beat it!.
Cool bar in a scary location. Great bartender, neat atmosphere, great dive bar. Marked down for sketch walk to/from parking lot.
This is the place to go for wings! I've been going to Beef's in Florida all my life and couldn't be happier to find they have expanded to Chandler. Great place to have a beer and watch the game. Their happy hour is pretty good and they have a large patio. The staff was really friendly too!
Best Fast food burger place in the country!!
Every time I eat here it always taste like true Chicago food, from their Italian Beef to thin crust pizza amazing!
Honestly been here a lot and tonight dinner was the worst service I've ever had. How do I order a porter house dinner and I don't get my salad until my steak arrives to the table. Then I asked for medium on the steak but comes medium rare and cold.
Ive been coming here since they first opened. Anthem didn't even exist. Of course, Im gonna say it, I love the outlet store :) This outlet is where I get all my cookware.  Excellent quality at bargain prices.
Great facility that treats riders and horses with the utmost care and respect. Emphasis on jumping, but still an excellent center for riders of all levels. Attention to safety is paramount. \nVery competitive pricing with great discounts for packages or homeschooling! Highly recommend this facility and its' professional staff.
This location never disappoints!! Food is always consistently great, and if you come at the right time, (witching hours) you may see the cook singing and dancing along with the music in the back. And it is awesome! ! Love this place!!
This place is a trip to morocco! Try the tea and the date shake. The bread is awesome. The owner is a gracious host and gave us a bunch of stuff to try. I love the decorations in the place too! A fun trip out
Great food...worth the drive.  Chicken and humus is very good and the lamb is some of the best I've had.
Although we typically do not like buffets we tried this, thinking that since it is at the Wynn, it would be good.  The only thing that was half way decent was the pastries.  Everything else was typical dry, cold, and crappy buffet food.
Closed on 12/20/14 when Ii visit. So really no stars.  I will just give a in the middle vote
This is my first time coming here. I'm not sure if I got something that you should get. BUT the bread or crust was really excellent. The service was good as well. All in all it's different than the average place to eat .
Great atmosphere and customer service... This restaurants best selling points. food was only ok - priced way to high for what you get.
Their service was very good! I went in at 3 pm on a Wednesday so it wasn't packed and our food was served to us really quickly.   Overall food was delicious and service was great! If you love sushi their AYCE is the way to go! Would recommend this place I'm definitely going back!
Tried this place last night and while the food was excellent, the service that night wasn't.  It took way to long for anyone to acknowledge and seat us.  After asking for water twice, they finally brought us some.  This place could be great if they would pay a little more attention to customer service.
It's been there for years and I had never been. Finally went and wow was it good. Defiantly one of my new fav spots.
Interesting place to shop at.  They sell a lot of things, but mostly female clothing and accessories.  Not a place for me, but I was just there returning something I received from the holidays.
My favorite Greek place in the Valley.   You can't go wrong with anything on the menu, they serve the best calamari I have ever had.  The Italian food is good as well.   Service is slow, so plan on awhile and it isn't served with a smile, but it doesn't matter, the food is that good.
No respectable cab driver should ask YOU, the passenger, how to get to your destination.
Service was terrible and slow for an early sitting at 5 pm. Food was blah. Took 1.5 hours to eat.
After being seated at three different tables we decided to sit at the bar.  We then found out they were out of lager.  How the hell can a brewery be out of lager?  The food was decent, the service was below average, and the crowd was the usual here in Glendale, old white folks.
The food is amazing but the service is pretty bad. Very unprofessional. Get it to go.
Just about my fave restaurant in the burgh.\n\nYou can't go wrong at Lidia's, whether you go for Sunday brunch or a nice evening out. It's Italian food worth going out for, friendly staff, and a beautiful space in the strip.
Went to Krave while it was temporarily at Rio. Ridiculous drink prices ($9 domestic bottle), and maybe only 1/4 full on a Saturday night. Don't bother signing up for their text message drink specials...the bartenders don't honor them. Not worth going off the strip.
The wifi is good, the beds are decently comfy, the showers are nice, the staff is amazingly friendly and helpful, and it is cheap-cheap-cheap! \n\nI do not know what else you could possibly be looking for in Champaign.
Went for a friends birthday and had a blast! The show was fantastic and the people in the show even came out after to take pics with everyone! I would see it again.
If you're around stop by and have the wood fired pizza! I promise its the best pizza you will ever eat. And not to mention the fantastic atmosphere! It is such a beautiful building with original architecture still in place. Amazing!
So much crafting, so little time.\n\nGood prices on home decor things, lots of items to complete scrap booking and artsy projects. \n\nSometimes they have great sales, sometimes if an item is not on sale, its over priced.
It's like a MIX food, Mexican and Asian style except avacado and chips. But I love it sooooooooooooooooooo much especially add avacado (extra charge for it).
The carne asada was pretty good, but we thought the chicken was mediocre.  Nice homemade tortillas.
Mediocre sports bar. The place is clean and looks nice, but honestly there is nothing that really sets it apart from any other place around town.\n\nOne issue I have is the lack of selections for someone that eats vegetarian/vegan. Even some pretzel bites or hummus would be nice.
Nice smaller Resturant, staff was helpful and gracious. The Chicago calzone was really good. I will be back!
Kaori is awesome :)and the food looks amazing. The decor is simplistic and cute. You can invite friends and be accommodated extremely fast
The Food &The staff Is Awesome Specially the Buffet ,I love it ;-)
Great bartenders, always has a crowd at night. Thursday nights are 50cent drafts, but you have to be sure to get there before it runs out. Definitely a JWU hangout on Thursdays. Also a great place to head after alive after five
Great service, great food, great price. Lots of gays, just an FYI if ur a single straight male... Like me!!! All good. Place is not that busy, people watching can get boring. Otherwise good safe place to go :)
This is a great place to get supplies for seed starting, seeds, garden tools and supplies. They have a few organic fertilizer options but not as many as a few other places in town. Most of their seeds are their own line which is reasonably priced and grow well. They also have bareroot plants and garden transplants.
This taco bell is always timely, they never mess up my order, low cost, and the food quality is consistent every time. The taco bell drive through is a guiity pleasure of mine. No complaints here!
A very good restaurant. I am very critical of Thai food but they have many great dishes. I come for business but always stop here. The fresh spring rolls are exceptional.  Peanut sauce is different than most places but good. The panang curry is my favorite dish
The service was very good.  They feed you until you can't eat anymore.  The food was just OK though not great.  The banana pie for desert is a 12 out of 10.  It was awesome.  the creme Brule was horrible.
Awesome!  Mark got me in the best shape of my life.  Check out my before and afters to see for yourself!
A bunch of crooks! Mangers included! FINISHING my review 8-29-2013 Food was greasy, just like the bartender who asked me if I wanted any pills. WTF? I walked out!
It's a neat restaurant and has friendly staff. I had a bad experience when I was younger eating here by choking, so I can't really review it properly. The only thing I can say is that they didn't charge me for my meal. I appreciate them making light of a traumatic situation.
Not the authentic food I was hoping for. Standard Mex-American fare.
A recent visit to my favorite patisserie has me very pleased. Amelie's now has house plates and mugs! I still like to bring my own mug because theirs are quite small.. \n\nThere are also many more counter attendants to retrieve your delectables and help move the line along.
Lady on phone was rude and would not take there coupon, food was not good, way too much breading on shrimp and general chicken was hard as a rock. \nI would have to pass not impressed at all, kids wouldn't eat it either.
Funky small cafe on the corner, not a lot seating. Had a chicken sandwich and smoothie...the sandwich was tasty and would recommend going back.
$40 buffet for one adult (inclusive of tip) There are self pay stations.  There was a lot of variety.  I was hoping that the desert station was have lots of variety, too. The desert selection was not up to Vegas standards.
Eh.  It's entertaining.  You are paying for the entertainment with higher food prices for food that really isn't all that impressive.  \n\nNot sure what's changed for me.  Maybe my taste buds have gotten wiser over the last 3 years.
Awesome place. Hip vibe and music the whole time. GREAT beer selection for a good price. TVs everywhere. And Christina from Lithuania took great care of me. I will be back!
Great quality and selection of workout, yoga and athletic apparel.  Not your typical, lame stuff you find at the generic sports stores. The owners & staff are very friendly, courteous and helpful.
Nice staff, drive thru option available. This is a simple Mexican food place.\nPrices are reasonable.
Yummy!!!! We got breakfast here everyday while staying at Aria in Vegas. Their vanilla sugar crepe us delicious. Add a scoop of gelato and it's perfect!
Fresh and yummy.  I nice change from Pho
Baconalia\u00a1!!!!!!!!!!!
The miniature town with thomas the train and the four-person snake game were my favorite parts.  It seemed like a lot of exhibits werent properly functioning so im very glad we got in for $3 during the last hour or so... overall it was fun for a day date pre dinner time  :)
Better than most Circle K's wasnt as dirty. Clean for a Circle K even though it dosent take much to be a clean Circle K.
I was severely mislead by Frank A's, \"It's hot, but the food ain't bad.\" review.  It was very cold and by far the worst food I've ever eaten.  You would have to drag me here in cuffs to get me to return.
What do you want when they throw food out for the masses. Had a lot of everything and when we were leaving, we saw a rainbow in the distance along with angels singing. Wait a minute, that's my stomach making that noise. I'll go back and strap the feedbag on the next time I come to town.
Pretty darn good cheese steak. The bread was really good and the meat had no grizzle. Took about 15-20 mins to get our sandwiches, but it was worth the wait.
Average.  I went for dinner, not drinks, and the food was unimpressive.  The bloody mary was served with a slim jim straw, which was different to say the least.  It seems this place is all about image, but not about substance.
Salty miso soup.  Disappointing sushi.  Likely due to the possibility that it looks like not a single Japanese person works here.  The waitress had no idea what Futomaki is...sigh.  Montreal.... Not one good Japanese restaurant?
four stars for their buffet and the greatest dessert bar ive seen. however, I have not yet patroned the Wynn hotel and I've heard that one puts this buffet to shaaaaaaaame so we shall see!\n\ncrab legs crab legs crab legs alone deserves four stars.
Stopped in for a pint.  Had some pizza (was OK) and hit another place.
Stayed here over the weekend and it was fantastic! The pool is fun, the rooms are cute, and the best part is there are NO KIDS! So if you want to have fun without kids around this is the place.
Third time here it's never open.\nI'm at Harkins a couple nights a week that's the movie theater I walk in front of the store they never seems to be anybody there.
Brilliant place for a nice cup of tea/coffee.
Very crowded sometimes...
Promoters lie and say they can get you in for free ... Not true! Make you wait in line for two hours!! And then charge you $70!! Not worth it at all ...
This is the first stop in Arizona and what a surprise. I tried the Greek pasty which was delicious with tzatziki sauce on the side. Great beer selection. Sit outside and enjoy the weather!
Good pizza, so so wings good pasta.
Most of the staff is rude and constantly lies to try to upcharge you. They also are very rude about paying with a card and physically asked me to write a check so they didnt have to pay the merchant fee.
Fast & friendly service and fast food as good as you can come by. I wouldn't expect anything less of Chick-Fil-A!!
I have liked everything I've tried here.  I found the gyros to be average but the daily specials are fantastic!!  My new favorite food from anywhere is the Zaytoon kalamata hummus. I'm addicted. It's out of this world delicious!!
Repeated the French Onion Soup and it was just as awesome as last time. And although I've heard the chocolate cake was great, my personal opinion was the carrot cake was heavenly
Just switched back to Verizon from AT&T. A little early to tell, but so far so good. Bought online and went in to the local store to have my contacts transferred. Went well and no charge, but couldn't transfer photos. :O(
Interesting pizza place extremely similar to other pizza places i've been two in the Illinois and Iowa campuses. I ask for my pizza to be extra crispy so I get the hot, crunchy texture. Always a great meal for quick/cheap purposes.
It was just \"ok\" if you don't know what good sushi is them you will probably love it.
This place is perfectly weird.  It's the first place where I can truly let out my inner unicorn. I love it here !!!
What happened to all of the coverage on the local sports?  The Arcadia News used to be very supportive and involved in Arcadia High School athletics.  No articles and only some pictures of some of the sports these days.  Shouldn't a local paper support its local high school?
We went here somewhat often because we lived in the neighborhood. The food is alright. It's never too busy and the service is fast. Pretty cheap. Regular margaritas are small, so get the large.
Just good food very cheap. The staff loves my son and we have been coming here since I moved to Henderson in 1996. Good local place to eat. We love Frank the drink guy!!
It is as if someone wanted to bring the Laughlin experience to the Las Vegas Strip. The bed was comfortable and the room was quiet. However, for $250 a night, I would like a place with restrooms somewhere near the restaurants. A hundred small things make this a \"never to repeat\" adventure.
Everything is super beat to hell. no new stuff. All beat 70s and 80s rock stuff. condition is bad. Staff is annoying and I've seen them over at the Tempe zia raiding the bins for stuff to mark up. I would skip the trip.
For the second time, I got hair in my food. They seriously need to wear hair nets or something!!!
The space is small but the crepes and lattes are dope. Super busy on the weekends so of you can hit up Bradburys during the week
We were a party of 4 and each of us was very very disappointed in the food.  Awful experience!!  Avoid it!!!
A pretty cool outdoor venue located in the middle of nowhere.  The parking is free and the security is lax so make sure that you bring in some of your own drinks.
If you come at lunch it is worth it however a 3 hour wait at dinner it is not worth it.
Review: The veggie Mac and Cheese (squared) is the single best plate of food I have ever eaten in any restaurant.  End of review....
I ordered the white pie and a red pie with pepperoni.  Both were good, but not outstanding.  I saw some pasta dishes come out that looked pretty good though.  This is a cute little Italian place if you are in the area, it may be worth a try...
Barros' pizza is fucking bomb.\n\nbut i was very annoyed by paying for ranch dipping sauce, and the \"buffalo\" dipping sauce...i'm sorry people..but hot wing sauce isn't thick like dressing. it's ok tho. but for like 50 cents....please.
don't see many live shows to compare this to. but as an average guy watching it  i found it rather entertaining. orchestra, vocals, costumes and the specially built theater collectively made this a nice night. at about 1 1/2 hours it is just about right.
High end Ice cream store can't even do a dip cone at 8:15 oh well heading to McDonalds...
Cucumber mint agua freasca... Enough said
I have tried a lot of restaurants in Vegas and honestly this is the ONLY place that my BF and I return to on every visit.  The environment is casual and the food is so good. Gonzalez y Gonzalez never lets me down!
Love this place. The service, food and salad bar are excellent. Great desserts too. Only downfall is the parking so carpool if in a group.
Great tasting steakburgers and delicious frozen custard...My fav is Hawaian Delight Sundae or Concrete (blended)
God, why did I ever go back?\n\nI had low expectations coming here again, because of what it was like the last time, but this time it was worse. We sat in these seats which reeked of BO, and had to move several times to a seat that wasn't nasally offensive. WTF.
Worst frozen yogurt place I have been to yet. Usually no problem with places but this place was worth the bad review. The customer service was very rude to my group of people. Pricey and the people at yogurt places are usually a little more happy but she was rude and didn't care about her attitude towards anyone.
Got one of the worst pedicures. My feet hurt for 3 days after. Not much more to say other than I won't be back.
THIS RESTAURANT IS AMAZING. It is so good that its worth even flying into AZ just to eat here. This is seriously one of the best places Ive eaten in my life. Their Ahi Tuna sandwich is beyond words. Please eat here. Its worth it even if there is a long line
It's suited for the 8 & under crowd. Small and cramped space but since it is indoor and keeps us out of the hot sun, it's okay. Since the holes are short, won't take you that long to through everything. Wish they also had more space for arcade games.
this shop is closed.  don't bother the nice man that now has the number ;)
Garlic bread delicious! Pizza phenomenal! Wish it was more like deep dish but crust tasted great! Staff was wonderful!
Horrible service from start to finish. The waitress was rude taking our order. Not friendly or welcoming at all.
I love their macaroons, and the sandwiches are tasty as well!
Pete's is seriously addicting! The fish is crunchy and hot, but the fry's are a little lackluster. You can tell they fry the fish to order because everytime it takes about 10-15 minutes to get your food even in the drive thru. Hate that they don't take credit cards though!
Worst airport ever!!! Flight deck staff are so rude! Staff at the airport as well. So rude!!!  I live inflows Angeles and have never been treated so badly in my life!!!
This place is a sweet dive. I've never been here on a busy night, but I do know that its a good place to enjoy cheap drinks  and edible bar food after work.
As always, you can expect the huge menu at the Cheesecake Factory.\n\nAnd, as always, the food is consistently good. Not great, but good.
Bad News Car Wash, Forget about customer service. Rude lazy people work there and my car came out with spots everywhere
I like the tuna sandwich and they have a great happy hour.  The service is alittle corporate pushy but overall a fun happy hour spot. The portions are big n the sliders are well made.
I've been here many times over the years. Not bad.
Located on the first floor of the Golden Nugget hotel, across from the pool.  Open 24 hours and was good and inexpensive.  There were so many options for breakfast, lunch and dinner and the dessert selection was great also.  Ate here quite a bit because there there so many options.  American food, traditional.
Crystal at High Effects Salon in Suite 120 is the best! I love the way she colors and cuts my hair and I trust her completely with it. She also sells Aveda products so if anyone is looking for a stylist I highly recommend her!
They have no respect for hotel guests. Full cover at marquee. The penthouse suites room had a broken air conditioner, burnt out lights, and dirty stained carpets. Save your money or use it at another luxury hotel!!
Do not walk out of here without trying the salty caramel brownie!  All of the soups are good as well.  Prices make me consider dropping my rating to 4 stars...but the 24 hour convenience trumps prices in this case!
Good for the ambiance and experience.  Food just fine, but certainly not great.  Not a wine guy, so the included wine carafes were irrelevant.
The Banh Mi sandwich is sooooooo good!
The veggie nachos @ Zada Janes are amazing.  There is also a good brunch (no alcohol, though) and wide selection of veggie options.\n\nMy advice?  Get there early, especially for brunch.
Good stuff but room for improvement. There is no \"wow\" factor to their stuff. Wish they had all the toppings/choices listed to make it easier. I still think the Chocolate Sorbet at Sweet Republic tops Nami's choices.
I was able to stay here using my SPG points. Worth the points, not worth paying. \n\nThe room is was good, but my only gripes are that the room was dark and the self-parking was far.
Awesome Fish Tacos.   Had the Full with all the sauces and it was great.\nWill definitely eat again.
I always come here with our groupon deal. I always take my souvenir home too.  The flavors are good and you can mix the flavors and you can also sample them. I wouldn't say their the best but they sure do beat a lot of other places out there.
This place is amazing! Prepare to get messy (don't worry they will give you a bib and gloves)!  The food was awesome and cooked to perfection! I was shocked at the size of the shrimp! \n\nThank you for taking care of us, Jesse! Can't wait to go back!
One order of the BEST swedish pancakes w/ lingonberries, please :)\n\nMinus one star for the turkey sausage, it tasted a little weird, but overall a great breakfast place that leaves you full (and probably a little fat :)
Southwest has lots of great flight options from all over to get to Las Vegas and the fares are unbeatable, it's almost too easy, i.e. too tempting, to just jump on a flight to go have too good of a time in Vegas.
I love this place! The sushi is good, but EVERYONE who works here is so nice! Love the chefs and servers!
Good to find some fancy olive oil or herbal tea, or some decoration things as well as cards. I can never seem to find nice cloths on any Marshall's except for some underwear\n\nEmployees do a good job keeping it in order for how people do mess things around.
i took my girl to vegas and we went to see the show. its WAS amazing and i enjoyed it. we had great seats and i was not disappointed.
Came on a tuesday afternoon and it was pretty much deserted so i didn't get a chance to experience the party that everyone talks about. My hunny and I still had a blast with the drinks, chatting with some of the super friendly staff and thoroughly enjoying the music selection. Hopefully we'll go back on a weekend!
It was quiet on a Thursday night. People were still having a good time on the dance floor. The bartenders can have a little attitude. Almost made us feel bad for asking for a drink like we were bothering them.
Chef Micheal please go back to the old fries. Thanks.     \nU\nThe fries are back jack. update
Horrible music \n\nTypical Im gonna stare you down and never acknowledge you with a smile type place.
We laughed a lot. Brad Garett was very funny. Don't heckle him, his is very good and heckling back. For the whole show. The other guys were very funny too. But for the price I would go to another club and see other comedians and save a few bucks.
Every pita jungle gets 5 stars from me! My favorite restaurant, so maybe a little biased ;) Nonetheless, the consistency is always there with every location. Thanks PJ for always fulfilling my roasted red pepper and hummus with chicken fix...plus the garlic dip! :)
Very disappointed with our experience. If you are looking for an overpriced meal with poor service then this is the place for you.
Decor and location are the only amazing thing.... Food is not really great and service is so so, I have been there a couple times only because it is convinient, they really need to innovate with the menu, there is no wow factor, everything is decent but very plain
Great homestyle Italian fare.  Casual atmosphere, fairly inexpensive, and some of the best Salmon Picatta I've had in Charlotte.  Pizzas are great, too.
This place was really great! Plus, if you check in on Yelp, you get a penny shot! :)
Never got to even try the food as service was horrible from the start.  This is the first time I ever walked out of a restaurant, as hostess stand wouldn't seat us despite our reservation and refused to seat us in the many open tables in the lounge.  I hate hate rating a restaurant solely on service but this one is well deserved
Mmmm, so dericious! they are always so nice, quick & our dinner is always fast. Happy hour is amazing & affordable!
Everyone here has been super nice to us. We always hang out at our Local casino Red Rock, but their host Todd is such a rude, abusive guy that we accepted the kind in invitation to go to Aria... Having fun with George Harris and Nicole Maroe....
We went to the Heard Museum for the Lego exhibit.  The exhibit itself was small, but kept the kids entertained.  The museum is pretty large and has a lot to look at.  It's a beautiful museum.  I just felt it was a bit overpriced.
restaurant is closed and not open for business anymore.
This place was horrible.  That's probably why they are CLOSED now.
I have never been disapppointed with anything I have gotten here. My favorite is the hummus trio with chicken. I ask for cucumbers instead of pita. Yum.
They suck
Great place to eat.  I could have eaten the bruschetta all night! Service was good and friendly. A tad bit slow but didn't mind. Very generous portions!   I would definitely go again and have recommended it to several friends!!
Free, beautiful and ever changing. This place is adorable and I can spend hours in here!
Wow, I am shocked by all the great reviews of this place. The spring rolls were about a 4 out 10. I ordered tofu with curry sauce. The sauce was very bland and the tofu tasted of freezer burn and had the consistency of chewing gum.\n\nAwful food.
I went into A Gamer's Paradise and was i impressed i was greeted at the door with a great welcome from a guy i guess named Dylan. he was very informative and knew what he was talking about. I was happy with the his costumer services.
Stopped in to get some lunch but it looked a little dirty so I decided to go elsewhere. Good thing I did because after checking the health ratings I am surprised they're still open- a 27!?!? Really? That is freaking scary! No recent award either.
Good but not great. The food, service and atmosphere were all ok. Nothing stood out as either great or terrible.
I love this Buffet. It's a little pricey, but can we complain? It delievers on damn good food. I hope the their standards stay the same and I'll keep coming.
A nice, inexpensive place that gives you endless options for combinations of vegetables, sauces and proteins. It's a little dark and dingy so it didn't get five stars
I work nearby so this is a regular stop for lunch, dinner, happy hour or just a quick glass of wine to unwind.  Good service, delicious food... what more can you ask for?
It is a decent hotel with nice room and i got upgraded to a nicer room on the 22nd floor and that was awesome. It was cheap too especially the day after new years. I won and and lost in the casino and it was just a place to stay in vegas.
Not clean or managed well. Children run wildly and there are flies in with the sweetbreads.
Amazing food - seafood is so fresh & all the food we ordered was delicious!! Wonderful service too! A must any time of day!!
Fine place to go if you want a casual dinner but don't expect much more.  Well priced, many options, everything good but nothing amazing.  Loud atmosphere, service fine. If you're looking for a more celebrity chef type restaurant you can easily find better options.
Group of girls celebrating a birthday were being way 2 loud and ruined the movie for everyone :(
not bad
Very bad service at the Restaurant seem like they call friends vs people who have signed in will never come back and give my money to this place, you know you have bad service and waiting over 1 1/2hrs, when the Bartender keeps asking \"you still haven't been called\" not cool bad service
This place was just okay to me. Food is good and the service is excellent. I had the kung pao chicken and the servings are HUGE!! Not satisfied enough to come back.
Hungry for Thai food and found this little quaint restaurant Saturday night. I was thoroughly impressed with the flavorful pineapple fried rice, pad Thai and delicious yellow curry. The owners are very nice and friendly and I definitely will come back again!
I had the pad thai and the California roll. Both were pretty good but not mind blowing. They do have a very robust menu so I would go back to try more of their offerings.
Will have to definitely check this place out again when in Vegas...that is all :)
go here.\nits PHI\n\nbut you know you go too much when they stop carding you.\nfyi
Never been ignored quite like this, and I have a rather hard to obtain timepiece from a major brand that they sell.  Hint, hint: your most likely buyers are people who already own and collect the watches you sell!  I doubt I'll ever come back here.  What a waste.
Decent food and service, not the best sushi, but not the worst either.
Pretty cheap food to get especially if you want something late night at ballys. The food is decent 5-12$ breakfast items
If you want inattentive service and the worst wedge salad in Arizona Nimbus is open 7 days a week. Very disappointed with this experience and the apathy shown towards us when we addressed our concerns. They did at least comp the salad.
Best meatball sandwich! Rivals my mommas. Worth it!
Terrific independent record store.  Great place to find new music.  Good stock of hard to find CD's.  It is terrific to have so many listening stations.
Boo!  Super small and by 11 there were no more chairs to lay on.  The pool boy had to bring over chair cushions for us to lay on the ground.  Oh, and this was a European style pool but I only saw two pair of boobies!  No fun!
My wife and I have been here twice now and each time the subs were delicious and the prices are very reasonable. Plus, cheese curds! My favorite sub so far was the Philly cheesesteak. Great customer service too!
Great bar service, wonderful Cesar salad and I love that it comes with the yummy little dinner rolls. Definitely caters to an older crowd but the food is good and reasonably priced.
This dive bar exceeded all expectations. They have great original bar food, but also hidden surprises on the menu, Grilled Romain Salad, Dumplings, and Apple Crisp Dumpling dessert. Pretzel's and pizza's also good orders. Ask for Paul and Alex to set u up.
Love this bar!!  Great place to sample a wide variety (and price) of wines.  The \"wine card\" is such a brilliant idea!
Avoid this place. Food tasted stale. I'm guessing the toppings (chicken, shrimp) are simply defrosted and places on the noodles or rice. Even the veggies tasted watery.
this location wont ship over 75lb while the one close to galleria mall does can sombody explain? and that teenage blonde mgr is worthless: bad coustomer service bad attitude.....
Fantastic place, my wallet got stolen woth everything including my debit and drivers liscense and Julie was a huge help and let me withdraw money by using my sherrifs card. great service!!
This place is overpriced for what you get....the food is okay.  Not very authentic.
I only drank here, but found it to be nice, with fair prices and a good crowd. I'd go back...
Came back for a trim, and this time had a $7.99 coupon. :) Candice was there and trimmed my locks.  Great job.  \n\nSo, kudos to Cassie & Candice. If you go, ask for one of them.
Second time trying green cab. Both horrible experiences. My cab didn't call when it arrived. I got a text message saying it was here and went straight outside and it had left. The second cab took 40+ minutes to arrive making me that late for dinner. This company provides zero reliability or customer service. Will never use again.
The sports book is very nice in design, but the people I dealt with here are not friendly at all.  I will not return as a very nice sportsbook with friendly people is not hard to find in Las Vegas.
Just had the sweet corn soup. Omg. Yum!!!!!\nI will order that again next time I come here.
I'll make this simple...\nThis place is a shame. I don't understand; their main business is to serve tea and yet the tea is bad?
Went for lunch today staff was very nice but the food was horrible.  Had a philly cheesesteak and it was so bland it wasn't funny.  Canned mushrooms were used and did not compliment the sandwich.
I think that was just about the worst meal I ever ate.\nI ended up throwing half of it away.\nYuck
a fun, super relaxed bar with friendly people!  great vibe, comfortable chairs, and not too loud.
Went for a WWE show (not my choice). Every staff member said hello as I walked by, was friendly and helpful. This place is clean too - the bathrooms, stands, walkways. Didn't go to any concessions but I got a $7 beer at one of the bars.
Great salsa and margaritas. I am definitely going back if I am ever in the area again. Amazing inside!
Got there right at opening time and seated at the bar area where the bartender was our waiter .  He was so distracted he forgot to place our order.  One hour later the pizza came out. You have to eat it with A fork because it's soupy. Not an enjoyable experience
this place is falling apart...outdated
Horrible service and overpriced drinks as well as crappy food!! Won't be coming here again! Beware they'd rather put crap on their tvs than the pittsburgh pirates game even after we requested to watch baseball game! Don't waste your time go to Jerome Bettis!
This place is overrated, over priced and over sized! The sandwich I had today had no flavor and was not made how I asked. I will not be visiting this place again.
Looking for a bakery with french macaroons after my trip in cali. So i found this place close to my house. Very cute shop. The macaroons fell apart when you bite them. So maybe it should be more cake like. The hazelnut is my fave! Wish they had chocolate though.
I ordered their cafe latte, it was so plain and no coffee taste at all! Wouldn't visit their store a second time
This is the old page for this apartment complex. My review was moved to their new page.
A total waste of $23 for Sunday brunch. That is what I get for being too lazy to venture farther from the conference center. The food was good but not great and there weren't many dishes to choose from. The service was just adequate.
TOR.TI.LLAS......Delicioso :)!! Andale mi amgos.....
Good spot to sit and try a mix of meatballs with different sauces, the happy hour makes this place worth it. A plus is the portions are pretty big so if your up for sharing it still suffices. Also the drink menu is unique so if your up for a change its worth the try.
The marinated pork is really good. Everything else is kinda meh.
A microwave? Really? And who uses styrofoam anymore? NO comparison to the Greek Bistro in Henderson. The meat was precooked and dry, and the owner was weird.
I dropped my bike off spur of the moment and they hooked it up. Only wish they would have know more about British bikes and then I would have given them a 5 star rating. I will definitely be back though. These guys are professional and very courteous.
Typical bar, nothing spectacular.  We ordered wings and some sandwiches.  The sandwiches were fine, but the wings were that special.  The service was okay, but we had a brand new waitress and we were her first table that she waited.  I'd go back, but just probably wouldn't go out of my way.
Mediocre food and service.  If I didn't live in Montreal I would go back..(meaning it was decent, but much better spots available in Montreal)  I've actually eaten there twice, both times were similar in service and food quality.
Boo! Bring back the old comedy show. Knowing they are this big of a-holes, I will never spend money here again.
Shitty
I like the fact that you can make and build your own meal but the older lady that runs the front seriously scares me. I dig this place for what it is. I love getting the pulled pork with spinach, egg, sprouts and fried rice. But to call this place \"Mongolian\" is kind of a joke.
Great place for breakfast! So accommodating and friendly. My husband and I went with our 3 year old and 4 month old. Both the cook and server were amazing! Food amazing! You gotta check it out. We will be back again!
Outstanding food, outstanding service. Love the place as a whole. Worth the money
Good food, easy ordering process, really fresh tortillas but what impressed me was that they didn't use throw away plates or utensils, thus reducing the waste.  Congratulations .
This place is great to walk around. Anyone into art needs to check this place out.
We got cupcakes for our party and they made them look awesome.  Not only did they look great but ours tasted fantastic too.  We will make sure to go back for all our pastry needs.  Much better than other cupcake places we've tried.
Seems has if they have gone down on the quality of the product from what I remember... it saddens me.
Best CU ever!!! Great customer service!!! Knowledgeable service and gets you in and out quickly! Thank you!!
Excellent food and service. The banana pudding is great!  My main entree was the steak burger which was excellent as well. \nWe had to wait about 25 minutes for our seat, but it was worth it!
Quick, simple and large portions! You can def plan on sharing unless you are a fatty!!
Gotta love Barro's!!  Used to load my car up with as many people as possible and drive over to Barro's for lunch...much better than High School food!  To this day (over 15 years) the pizza is *STILL* excellent!!!
Discovered this place via \"Dirty Jobs\",  Food is great but a little pricey & portions are a little skimpy. The olive oil cake is a must!! Be prepared for a crowd.
So i came back and ordered a Nutella Milkshake. OMG!!!! I heart Burger Bar!!
Modern salon with an array of services.  Professional, friendly staff. I'm always asked where I get my hair done after I leave the salon!   I refer them to everyone!
Not that great, very busy and it seemed every store I entered was out of what I was looking for.  Parking is horrible as well.  I don't plan on ever going back to this place.  I gave it two stars instead of one since the misters are nice in the summer.
The son of the owners of Los Dos Molinos will do well here. Good draw from the neighborhood, great Tequilas, and terrific food!
best prime rib house in southern nevada.
Food was ok.  I ordered the scampi no taste,  all I could taste was the oil & the 4 shrimps that came with it.  Portions are small.
I love the Forum Shops! Always a great place to shop and just enjoy the environment!\n\nPlenty of great shopping! Lots of yummy restaurants! \n\nSomewhere you have to check out in Las Vegas! I am a local and love hanging out here!
love love love this place!!!
I have had great and honest service here and have been going to them for years.  They have always given me an estimate before they fix anything.  The service is fast and they will work with you on dates.  In the past they drove me home and picked me back up when I didn't have a ride.  I really like this place.
the service was great, the deal was good, the food tasted okay but I was sick for two days after eating here. thats about as much as I can handle at the thought of this place
Best smoothies in town... Expensive for supplements and vitamins. Friendly staff
Their food is delicious. They have a few Vegan and Vegetarian dishes & I love the fact that it is a mom & pop type of restaurant. I always leave satisfied.
Great service - especially Adrienne. Rochelle the manager is pretty cool as well. Great food - Loco Moco is my favorite.
was this one of many casinos that didn't offer asian gaming opportunities? i forget. so many didn't. it didn't matter.
Fast and easy rental for a truck and unit. Normal people working the front desk, thank god. I would highly recommend.
Worst customer service this evening!! Which was none. We sat at our table for 10 minutes with no server coming to our table. After a table behind us had people seated and within 2 minutes they had a server take their drink orders. We got up and left. We won't be returning.
Clean but a little too family oriented for me. There are always kids and even though I request not be to near their lanes we always end up by them. Beer selection is decent, the remodel looks nice. Animations on the screens are bizarre. Go on Sunday for DOLLAR MANIA, including $1 PBR pours.
Good looking staff and decent drinks, food is not good at all.  I have had steak, salmon, and crab legs and all were very bad.  I have been here a few times and every time walk away upset I went.  Food is really not good. almost bad.
I go here almost weekly...usually get just the basic wash. They do what I expect them to...My car always looks great...only thing I don't like is their cinnamon smell, skip it and buy your own! :)
I love this place. I walked past it for a year before I went in because of the weird entry. The owners are very nice, the sushi is top notch, and the custard buns from the dim sum menu always make my meal complete.
This must be a joke.  An hour in line and an hour for the car! !  The big boys line's moving and mt.   Never Again!!
Wow. Gross gross gross. I stayed here Memorial Day Weekend 2007. The whole place reeks of cigarette smoke and I've stayed in nicer and cleaner rooms at a Motel 8.
I loved the homemade pasta, but I guess that wasn't enough. They're not in business any longer.
Amazing place. We are from Washington so this was our first AMC experience and it was excellent. Love how you just push a button on your seat and the server brings you everything. The wait on the popcorn was a little long comparative to getting our other food and drinks. They even validated 4hrs of parking from the garage.
It was good and affordable.  The customer service was great!  The tables by the kitchen are kind of sticky from the grease & the menu is a little confusing, but the guys are happy to explain it to you.
The hotel is good for the price.  Friendly staff, convenient location.  \n\nOnly stayed one night so didn't experience the cleaning service.  Wish the bar was open earlier than 5pm.
Absolutely delicious!! Their sushi is always on point, the Korean street tacos are to die for, and the broccoli and beef melts in your mouth it's so good!!! This is a wonderful atmosphere to go to on a date night! (I've only been to the M casino location)
The food was OK. I had the gyro sandwich special. The cashier is grouchy and needs to put hair up before she goes near food.
I can't imagine how much fun this place trends late at night.
Breakfast food is excellent, so is the service and restaurant.
This place is caught up somewhere between 1979 or 1982.  It is really bizarre especially if you check out the Burger Palace.  Really weird.  Anyway it is a cheap place to gamble and upstairs there is a retro (not on purpose) lounge complete with a piano man.  We ate at Ming which was cheap and decent chinese food.
Decent salads and sandwiches, but not the sort of place that makes me go, \"Oh, I crave that food!\"
It took 3 times to get there.  Check the hours before you go.   We arrived 30min before closing one night, and were somewhat discouraged from sitting down.\n\nFinally made  it back for lunch, and the salads were pretty good.\n\nModerately priced.
Too sweet. Tried the famous almond cake and some cupcakes. Cannot even finish eating them. Plus, the stuff there are rude, maybe just because there are too many customers in the little place.
The staff is a team of pros, but really friendly.  Lobster tacos went down well! Good for parties or just hang out at the bar.
Love every meal we've had here! Small plates are awesome, half price wine is awesome, GCP.... AWESOME!  Can't go wrong with pretty much anything on the menu, meals are hearty
horrible       go  to bubba's
Everything on the menu is authentic Japanese food, served the traditional way. I actually had a small dish of matcha and curry salt served with tempura. Noodles are made daily and sashimi was amazing. For the amount of food they serve, I think it's fairly inexpensive.
To put it simply, calling this Japanese is insulting. It is a teriyaki place and they don't get that right. Corn syrup and sugar is not teriyaki sorry but no thanks. Also the staff is unfriendly and would rather stare at their cell phones then say hello. Won't be back.
Wasn't good at all.
Nothing special. Free Internet but connectivity is sporadic at times and capable bandwidth is limited due to non-trunking, cheap service.\nSandwiches are above-average priced for a below average portion/sandwich-content.\nCustomer Service is top level, in the industry.
Too noisy...they are fighting over parking with Uhaul...menu isn't the best...but I finally after many request I got the Mgr to get Wifi for customers! Limited on what drinks they can make..mostly a beer joint for sports fans!
Grade : B\n\nOld school bar and food. Great prices. Decent service.
Must try. We were in from out of town and this place was highly recommended. We had the french toast and pancakes. Both were excellent with a unique twist. Service was friendly and quick. Pricing is fair for the portion size and food quality. We will be back.
I damn near broke my finger on my chair.  And they hate giving refills.  Food was ok, higher than Hardee's but lower than Applebee's.  Nice interior.  A bit pricey.  Poor service and poorly maintained furniture.
Ghetto...
Great choice! Excellent wine list and great food!
I come here often because its great for lunch and they're usually quick. The workers are always nice and happy to greet you. There's a lot to choose from so everyone can have something they like. My favorite location hands down
Friendly staff, great service, yummy food, open 24hours. The chipotle bbq tenders were delicious! And the cesar salad was huge, and had large veggies and avocado, yum! Also, great happy hour specials.
I never write reviews.. but I feel EXCEL Auto is well deserving of all the positive feedback & support :) I have gone through Excel for both mechanical & auto body services & have had a professional, honest, timely, well done service every time! Highly recommended THANKS EXCEL
This is a sub par Italian restaurant. The food is just OK. Pricing is around $25 a person after tip and no wine.  They do try had, but the food is Bland and not very exciting.
The place is filthy dirty. All surfaces, floors, walls and condiment bottles a mess.  Pork OK, but sides flavorless. No recommendation here and won't be back.
Amazing atmosphere! The Guinness BBQ wings were the best wings I've ever had. The bartender was very kind, and professional. I will definitely be coming back to this bar the next time I'm in Vegas.
Unclear what all the fuss is about. I certainly wouldn't stand in line for this place. There was nothing too interesting on the menu. I had pancakes. They were fair. Wouldn't get them again. The server at the counter was very pleasant and efficient.
Food ans service was great.... But no public wifi and the ac in the restraint was too high and caused both of my aunts feeling so cold. As well I felt cold in the restraint as well....  Turn down the ac and provide wifi...
Smaller then I hoped. And really only highlights one artist upstairs and has changing exhibitions down stairs. I like a bit more diversity in my museum experience... I've heard about some great modern artist that are from Glasgow... so where is their work?
Food and service well done. Price and delivery match. An enjoyable place, particularly in the summer.
The Place is first full of Ghettos. \nIt's very Loud, unclean and humans there buy everything.\nI mean there are always empty Shelves. Never again.
I'm upset at las Vegas yelpers, ive been let down before, but this was terrible. I had a carne asada burrito, came asada taco, carnita taco, and a cheese quesadilla....I'm happy I only threw away $13
Love how you can pick out the tires you want online and appt. time.  Show up and they go to work.  Professional not pushy.  I will be going back in the future.
Speed in after a movie with another couple. Not impressed. Rack of ribs were absolutely torched on one side and for the portions the prices are ridiculous. Not for me.
Nothing special, other than orange juice taste like poo. The waiter refuse to redeem the YELP checkin offer , she said I have to print it out ! Its ridiculous,  what a scam! Yelp shoule take them down.
Food was decent at best... if you can get over all the flies its good. If not, order carryout...
My friend and I had the tasting menu which was really unique. It consisted of each course cooked two different ways. I had never had a tasting menu quite like that. The service was great and we were well taken care of.  The wine list was also provided to us on a tablet with 1000s of wines. Great place for a special occasion.
best nail place in town , kim the owner is amazing
thank you \nRK
Loved the pulled pork sandwich here.
this place is truly outstanding. it is located in an office park not far from the strip.  the setting is simple but the service is superb.  the two women who run it are gifted at their craft. their prices r absurdly low for what the get.  highly recommended.
Hands down the best donuts I've ever had. The Nutty Pig and Cronuts clearly contain addictive additives! I've tried more than I'd like to admit and each one is a mini masterpiece. Cupcakes are so 2012. THESE are the next big things. Apparently coming to Green Valley soon!
I walked here from the strip because I thought it would be an adventure, and it was!  \n\nGot to see some cool, and at times, strange live music\n\nAlso got to see the last band of the night get kicked out of the establishment\n\nStickers everywhere!
Wonderful place for burgers.   The trio was a great way to try 3 different options.   Tyson our waiter was wonderful.   He took care of everthing we needed and in a timely fashion.  We will be back again soon.
Excellent food and reasonably priced! Had the flank steak and chicken tacos - loved it!
I tried the white pizza and picnic sandwich.  The pizza was the best white pizza I've had anywhere, and the sandwich was very fresh.  I look forward to trying breakfast here.
Too crowded for a lunch time errand. Sub-par interior cleaning jobs. Classic car  on Scottsdale Rd is much better for not much more... Headed there next time.
Food was good but there are better around.  It was too salty for me but we could get in without reservations and that is not easy in Vegas now.
I could not believe that when you get a portion this huge that the quality could match. A truly awesome diner!!
I went there with a group of 50.  The waitresses are friendly and able to get everyone in and out in less than 2 hours.  We were all ordering off a la carte, it wasn't that we have limited menu, but yet the food all came at the same time and everyone is happy.
Slow service, not always the most pleasant staff but my drink has never been messed up.
Fish and chips typical irish fare, have some good bands that plays there as well great for happy hour and hang outs great staff as well. U2 tribute band Joshua tree usually plays out there.
It is May people! To have a swimming pool in Phoenix Arizona look as dilapidated as this is unacceptable. I went out to the pool for 5 minutes and turned right back around. \nThe room is like any other Marriott room, awesome bed and pillows, as usual. Room service food was very good and prompt.
I can't stand this place.  I made 3 attempts to purchase (and to get educated) on a new mountain bike.  The sales staff were arrogant and completely useless.  I finally purchased a new bike from another store.  It's a shame as Landis is right by my house.  I will not even buy an inner tube from them.
Great place to hang out and watch Sunday Football.  Good food selection and excellent service.
Cool restaurant in the heart of \"The Village\". I had a great experience, and would recommend it to adults. You can have great fun especially during the summer.
The best BBQ I have ever had!! My husband is a rib lover and said he has never had ribs like these... not to mention they have great staff!! Chelsea our waitress was great never had to ask for a refill!! Thanks!!
Really chill hotel. No complaints from me.
Zoe's was okay! Definitely a fast food atmosphere. The food was pretty good but not the Greek I was expecting.
They are simply the best. \n\nFANTASTIC SHOW !!!!\n\nA+A+A+++++\n\n10 STARS !!!!\n\nYOU GOTTTTA SEEE THISSSS !!!!!!
Parking is horrible, but then again you get what you pay for.  The fitness center itself is nice, but it takes an average of 15-20 minutes to find a parking spot.  I think I'll spend the extra money for a health club with ample parking.
The nicest, cleanest and prettiest modern theatre I've been to. I think it's cool that there are multiple bars and you can order hot food. It's a bit more expensive than your standard theatre, but I'd rather pay the extra cash for a better experience any day.
Not the best experience for me. Maybe it's the day we went when NOTHING was going on. I'm not coming back.
Beautiful hotel yet I was not highly impressed.
Food was average. Place was so noisy you couldn't hear your table without a megaphone. Not sure how to describe the ambiance, except to say it is someone's Las Vegas attempt to be urban something. Really, I expected more and got less.
A small museum with a lot of uninspiring works.  If you must visit, try going when the price is reduced (or free).\n\nThe building is nice and easily accessible via the Metro, but the quality of the exhibits when I visited was lacking.
We got some sweets (don't know their names) and bread here, and they were amazing. Seemed authentic as the rest of the clientele were conversing with the owner in Polish.
Walked in to the salon around 6:40p when the door clearly says they close at 7pm. The lady was cleaning up and said she she was closed already. \n\nI don't think you should advertise you're open until 7p and tell a customer you're closed 20 minutes before. Bad first impression.
Worst!! The staff was rude to some of our party, our bathroom was dirty when we arrived, there was cum on our bed (eww), they never brought us extra blankets and our TV was broken. Housekeeping and maintenance were awesome with us though and moved us to a clean room. We will never stay here again.
It is very expensive and the front office staff are quite snobby.  I love Dr. Meier though, the only reason I would ever go there!
Great new Szechuan option. Very authentic. Try the cold appetizers (not on the menu) and the spicy boiled beef.
Undeserving.  They advertise a amazing Frenchie Burger. What we got was an awful burger served with cold fries. How does a high end brasserie serve cold fries? Stay away.
Excellent from top down. Dr Tran and his staff are a class act! I had my invisilign done through Dr Tran and throughout the whole process he kept me informed and set expectations. Upon the completion of my invisilign I was more then happy with my results. I highly recommend him for any dental work that you m
This is actually my 3rd visit here. As a local with a Trop Plus card coming here is a great deal. Today I had the Salad Bar. Very healthy and includes wraps, soups, tacos, sliced ham and turkey.  Very comfortable atmosphere!
This place is just \"meh\".  Sure it's pretty cheap and the people that work there are nice and helpful but in a city with so much more to offer, it just didn't do it for me.
Bun Bo Hue.... that is all I have to say. You don't always find bun bo hue with that much flavor but this place has it all. I'll be back for sure
So great - new stuff coming in all the time!  As a Treky, I'll be back a lot!
This place was so good I went there 2 nights in a row convincing my friends it was worth the trip off the strip.
I already loved the delivered pizza. Never been inside. Inside there is seating with a waitress who us awsome!  Try the Sicilian Pizza... omg the best thick crust in town. Meatball pizza is fantastic. But today I'm doing pepperoni. ... well so much for the diet :)
Dim sum was acceptable but not great. Fried taro was bland. The hat how was fine , too, but not great. Nothing was really warm. The servers were friendly and so were the hosts.  The small beef dumplings were ok but , again, not so tasty.
its supposed to be all u can eat sushi buffet but they limit you in what you can order!! EPIC FAIL.. you just lost my business, going to eat next door from now on..and poor customer service with the waitress constantly on her phone checking her mail etc.. not professional.
Food was awesome ! Portions were a little small but other than that everything was wonderful!
Went here today with a friend, she found it through yelp. All reviews are completely accurate! Great food, great prices, nice to be able to know that anything on the menu was going to be good to eat. We were able to test out samples from whatever we wanted before we placed our order. Cannot wait to go back again!
I've been back here and the sushi is still the same. Don't try anything crazy. Just stick to the basics and you'll get by just fine. Asked for water and lemon. Just the water showed up. The piano next to the place can make it annoying. Avoid the sushi.
Been to Greek Patio many of times and it's a good spot for lunch as it's close to my work.  The plates are a tad expensive for lunch as I got the Soulvaki plate and a drink and it was over $10.  The food is decent but nothing I would go to for dinner.  3/5
Not too busy mid-day. Lots of indoor and outdoor seating.
Love this place! It was my first honey salt and I loved it! service is amazing the food is incredible. I will definitely come back Again.
Amazing apple dumpling and apple pocket!    Cute little place.  Great service and reasonable prices!  My husband and I will be back..and back..  :)
Yummy hot dogs. Love the potato salad!
Friendly staff
blah!
It's so good to be home and enjoy our favorite donuts!
I was in La Brioche recently and the service seems to have gone downhill. The food was still good, however.
Yeah, they have hams and whatnot, but it's a good place for lunch too--their sandwiches rock.
What a pleasant place to enjoy some food and a few drinks before our flight.   Food was fresh and the cocktails were creative and fun!  Parhom, our server was attentive and enjoyable.  Thanks again for the pen!  Looking forward to visiting Terminal 4 soon!
I have seen every Cirque show on the strip and this was my least favorite.   There was no story line to follow and absolutely no element of surprise which I always find in Cirque show.   This show was basically consist of old tricks from other shows strung together and quite boring.
Food was great. But service was very slow. The atmosphere was amazing!
Food the quality of Chuck E. Cheese, so be prepared.  However, this place is fun! The pit stop challenge, segways, and two tracks for karts.  Definitely, a very fun experience!
Akways something wrong.  Don't know why continue to visit this location. \nDirty rice side was dry and tasted burnt.\nDidn't give the desired dipping sauce for tenders.  Wrong drinks. \nThe employee taking the drive thru order sounded like she didn't want to be there.
Good place to get a quick cup of coffee. Kindly pricey even considering that it's in a hotel. My iced americano (small one) costs $4.50. At least it tasted ok, otherwise I would've been very disappointed!
I don't recommend this place, they are very slow. I took my son last week and it took us over an hour  to get in, then I called them two days later because the medication didn't work, my son was still sick, and they never returned my call. Bad service, I won't go back there again.
So much fun. My 3 & 4 year olds loved it. Great place to go w/kids when it's hot in Phoenix.
Great service and reasonable prices - you will not be disappointed. Have used their services 3 times. :)
Sam Fox gets it right again with the Fish Salad - chopped cabbage, avocado, radish, jicama, grilled salmon. Lime vinaigrette on the side. #healthymexicansalad #perfectlunch #heaveninscottsdale #foxconcepts
Service is bad - cashiers have no smile and look angry at every occasion.\nPut the heavy frozen food over veggies multiple times.  Sad that the only strong point is their location and no other competitor around.
Food was good but the decor was a little creepy.
I have been going to this location for about nine years now and I have never had an issue. I have many things repaired, fixed over the years and each time its at a decent price and done quickly.
Awesome property, bur the first night our room smelled like onions & ketchup.. Tonight it smells like fish sticks. We want to move but nothing is happening. Lame!
Staff was cool. Pizza was not. Seemed like it was over cooked, hardly any cheese on it, and tasted tough. will go somewhere else next time.
Had a lovely Sunday lunch.   All of the staff were super friendly and attentive.  We shared two different sushi rolls.  Both were delicious.  A firework display of tastes.   Super miso soup and tea as well.  Great architecture and ambiance....including the driving music.
The service here is god awful especially on game day.  There is literally one waitress for now hundred of us.  The food is good but not worth 1 beer an hour and late for the game.
Speedy service, nice technician who calmly and expertly removed the spider webs (shudder) from our new house. The only thing I don't like is the whole cc on file, we'll just charge it every 2 months. Wish I could do auto pay from my account.
Person told me to hold on the phone for about 20 mins when I clearly just had ONE QUESTION cause she said she was doing something on the computer. No please no thank you. Go to arroyo plaza, theyre more educated and theyre nicer!!
Good food. cool side of town.  Decent coffee.
Best Steak house West of the Mississippi (and beyond).  I have eaten here 10+ times and truly appreciate the food, the service and the owners.  They have gone over and beyond to make sure we have a fantastic dinner every time.\nThe Filet is amazing and the mushrooms are the best I have had.
Open 24 7. Clean facility. Capistromy and turkey cole are excellent ! Definitely will be back
Such a fun event! Always love to be able to take our dog Ziggy out and the pup cakes from sprinkles are his favorite treat! Thanks so much yelp and let's get more dog friendly events going!
WRONG LOCATION - instead go to the charlotte bus terminal near 310 E Trade St and Brevard street. Go outside the station and down the sidewalk on the other side of the burger king.
I have been taking my schnauzer Akima here since he was a puppy and now he is over two years old. I have always had great service and whatever I ask for the staff always accommodates. I have had many dogs growing up and have been to many groomers and this has been by far one of the best.
one word... SLOW! 15 minute wait for 2 sandwiches? \"We're all out of turkey\" then \"We're all out of ham\" and I'm all out of patience!
Had several vehicles 5% tint. Always an excellent job. Taking my abarth there Monday. Can't wait. \nRecommend times a thousand. If you're looking for a tint guy, look no further.
I called a week later to see if they could update my gel nails & they were rude on the phone and were going to charge me way more than any other place.  I won't be going back there again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Undercooked egg, overall very poor
I went a while back on the weekend and the girl that sat me was sooo rude!!! And unfriendly she really didnt make me feel welcomed. The food was alright not like how everyone makes it seem on the reviews. The egg and I is better.
This place is now closed. Thank Christ!\nLet's hope it's replaced with something even a little better. Shouldn't be too difficult.
Poor service... Had to ask 3 times for a drink ! The burger was well overcooked ! The only good point and star of the night was the cockail ! All the rest... Pass
I mainly go here for the kimchi which i like a lot. I think their dessert section is kinda weak. Still a good place to go to for Asian food stuff though.
Be patient.  It's a nice airport but it does get chaotic.  Scheduling seems to be random and gates get really busy with flights leaving right next to or across from one another.
Fuck you yelp for removing my review BI\nTCH harbor island apartment suck ass crack with a sick dick
Good sandwiches, but our order didn't come with any spicy pickles!  Fresh, high-quality ingredients, but I was really hoping to try their namesake spicy pickle and was disappointed to find they didn't put any in our to-go order bag.
Nice looking place, clean other then that a bit pricey for the food quality. Chips were cold and the salsas were watery and flavorless. Customer service can improve. It has potential, restaurant look but fast food service. Dissapointed.
One of the best gyros in Phoenix. Only reason not 5 stars is because of the one refill policy. Not a good idea. Also, the sauce cups are too small.
They don't have bbq pork any longer.
Great sushi and service.  The 5th star just being held back because of the high prices.  Incredible ambiance and easy to make reservations online.
I love the atmosphere and the service.
The best neighborhood sushi spot. The service, food and set up are perfect. Not the plastic sushi you get is Scottsdale, but the family-run small business version that makes America great. When we talk about having sushi, we know we're talking going to Hana.
This place is awesome! The employees are friendly, the place is always clean and well stocked.  Even if there's a line out the door, you'll be in and out pretty quickly.  Oh, and their flavors and toppings are pretty delicious too.
really disappointed! i guess i expected more from seeing it on tv..but it was dead on a friday night... came down the escalator from moon all hyped up and this brought me to a low!!
Best sushi, service, and price!
The rooms are great and you can usually get great deals online. They always have great concerts going on and in the summer they have concerts out at the pool which is like a beach. They have stuff for the kiddos to do like the Shark Reef.
I LOVE THIS PLACE....i love everything about it...so what if the tables teeter totter a bit or you have to wait for your food?! the food and price are superb and that's all i care about!!
I love the food here.  So delicious and fresh.  Nice to be able to eat outside and have a drink as well. The chicken is my favorite.
Terrific vegan food and great beer-woohoo! Just wish it were bigger so I could sit down and enjoy the food and drink more quickly!
Yes it WAS a dump. Surprisingly it's closed lol
This place has the best wings and on Thursday for football special they have a prime rib dinner that is incredible . The service and general manager chris are all very friendly and professional.
Closed. 4 good
It is a small place and on busy nights do takeout. Great food for sure.  I have not tried a dish that wasn't good. Their food is prepared with care. We eat here often and always take extra home.
We have been taking our pets here for over 15 years.  Bunnies....kitties...all get treated with love and respect.   Fantastic new building...super comfortable for you and your lil ones.  \n\nCan't recommend them high enough!\n\nJon
Opinion.. finely dice your Jalepenos in your cream cheese, too big of slices and it wasnt spicy.
Food is decent \n\nDrinks are good priced\n\nManagement was just rude and I will never be back.
Went to the drive thru on our way to Tucson. It was about 9 am, the guy could NOT get our order right! We had to repeat like 4-5 times, then when we got to the window he still had it wrong. Terrible.
Fast service , great food, and excellent beer. Beeeeer. Beeeeeeeeeeeeeer. They should stay open later though. 10:30pm on a thursday is unacceptable for being  the only place walking distance from the hotels that serves alcohol.
Amazing food and awesome service!!! Ate at the seafood place right next too it for 3X the money and this place was AMAZING compared to them! Came back the next day too!!
Always a good move! Can't go wrong.
I have been going to this place ever since I can remember but the last time I was there, we were sitting waiting to place our order and cockroaches came crawling out of the booth next you us. It's safe to say that we immediately walked out and will not be returning.
The subs are great but the pizza is really horrible, it's worse than Bashas.
Oxtail was good.. other than that the flavors of the food were REALLY bland. Their flan had a really bitter sauce, that was gross.. wont be back to dine here there are so many better options for Tapas in town..
I'm a big thriftier. \n\nI love finding small thrift shops since they usually contain the best treasures but this store is lacking. I also feel its prices are a little higher than they should be forms thrift store. \n\nI'm all about saving animals but you're a thrift store.
It's McDonald's so you know the menu and prices but do you know the location. This location is updated and clean. Fast friendly service both in the restaurant and at the drive thru. It is a busier location due to being centrally located but that does not stop this location from getting the job done.
I love Pho, but not to Pho Kim Long...I've had better! \n\nI give it 2 stars for the convenience of its operating hours.
The handmade noodles here were amazing   I have to say our entire group was not excited to go here but we had limited time before a show   Ended up living it   Was one if our best meals all around in Vegas    Would give it a 4 star but service was spotty some great vegetarian options
This place is delicious !  Great family place and not too expensive. The plates are huge also so you definitely get what you pay for. Service was good! although it was a bit packed and had to wait 15 min to be seated but it was well worth the wait!
i've rented many cars in many location, but here is the first  to add on additional\ninsurance without my consent, or at least my understanding, making it a very expensive rental. Confusing at best, I notice that I'm not the only one with this experience. There are better options in the same rental hall.
Jennifer is the best! My hair came out the perfect color, soft and shiny! She is excellent with blondes and did my full highlight and low light. The experience is something note worthy and sets her apart from other salons. (There is vino ;-)
Slllllowwww....waited over an hour at \"Diehard express\"... they need more help.   Everytime I go here same story....wait...wait and more wait. Terrible way to run a business.
what happened to the bob???!!!!!!!
Only place for a long platter and the best corn beef on rye.. . This is an every Friday morning treat for us.  Great service great deli counter cooks. . What more to say,  oh,  yes,  the bagels. Tuesdays bagel special 5.50 dozen
Surprisingly, it was one of very few things open when I went out looking for food. The service was good. Food was OK.
I wish I had time to add a review but couldn't because the whole freakin restaurant smelled like PUKE! I had to leave, couldn't stand the stench.
Busy place! Good food delivered quickly despite being full. WIll return.
Ok burger... Bit pricey, odd atmosphere, slow service. Not the best place in Vegas for a burger. Probably not even in the top 20 in Vegas. Lame atmosphere also...feel free to skip this place and enjoy one of the many other great Vegas places.
This is my new Vegas hotel of choice. Beautiful decor. Excellent room service/ customer service. Nice gym and club! What more can I ask? I love it here and will most definitely be back with and without the kids :)
Nothing very special.
I moved away from Pittsburgh 4 years ago and still miss this place. Not the most authentic food ever, but I think it's great! Quick, easy, and conveniently located.
Sandwich and plantains were both good choices, but I thought the Aji sauce, a green chili sauce, was great. Loved the kick with the plantains.
Where has this place been my whole life???!! Books, old school games, music, albums, instruments and much more for a decent price. All are in well condition as they are used products. They test all games before you buy. I wish they had one in west Phoenix!
I like running in here for a quickie lunch with their slice and drink special.
I got a burger that was ordered medium and was beyond well done. It's a burger, figure it out
Worst service that I've had in a long time. Food was average at best and way over priced.
Great Happy Hour deal. Appetizers are outstanding. That quesadilla is amazing. Beautiful staff and friendly locals.
This place has the best burritos and tacos around! Everything is made fresh and you can taste it. Staff is on top of it here. It is great to have this in Chandler!
I know it's Vegas but this place was overpriced which is ok but we left hungry.  It's a high class sports bar with good view of the Bellagio casino floor.  The Salmon salad was raw with a flavorful dressing.  The sliders were good little dry but not messy.  We really enjoyed the chocolate cocktail.
The hot dogs are fantastic but the gyros are just ok. My daughter loves the hot dogs here but $3 for ONE hot dog is painful. We would probably eat here a couple of times a month but instead have only been twice ever because of the high price.
I was totally let down by the Hilton. I stayed here for a business trade show week long. The morning buffet was horrible. One day it didn't open until 1130am another day it didn't open until 800am.
let the tourists have their fancy strip, i am stickin' with the 'Tez!
FREAKING AMAZING ! I am biased brother-in-law works here, however this is a fabulous place to grab not so commonly seen foods. Chef Matt and the rest of creative minds did a wonderful job, fabricating this tantalizing menu of compliment off of one another.
I saw all the mixed reviews...  I had a very different experience than some I guess because the Pizza  we got was full of premium ingredients and one of the best I have ever tasted, including my own pizza.  We all agreed on that, so...
Addressing negative older posts...i am pretty sure that this place is under new management or owners. Solid if not great. Very clean and really good breakfast burritos. Looking forward to lunch the salsa bar is pretty authentic.
A great cali-mex type of joint. Exactly like Roberto's but better service. Always a great tasting meal with a smile. Reminds me of a local hole in the wall place after catching some tasty waves.
...great food...loved the spicy pomadoro sauce
Goods service, good prices and my nails look good too. Went in for a spa pedicure and 45 mins later I was a happy gal. They did a wonderful job. I would really recommend this place if you're in the area and looking for a new nail place.
Called twice during business hours a few days apart to schedule a tune-up for our AC unit on a newly purchased home. Got the voicemail both times. Left two messages with no response. So I went with another company.
Denny's quality food with Las Vegas quantity prices.  Pass.
Great breakfast for a very cheap price!!! And a good spicy bloody mary!!! We were served very quickly. We ordered the $3.75 breakfast special, which was a pretty well sized portion. Definitely have and will be recommending this place to many others!
Such an excellent  place . I thik they have the best coffe I'ver had.  Do not forget to ask  for their caramel latte in your next visit. Their staff are well trained for this  kind of coffee service.  Affordable prices and nice ambiance.
The food was just ok in my opinion. I would say that Golden Corral is much better on a good day. I did enjoy the cotton candy and the fruit tarts...everything else was just meh...
I never knew this was the name of the place until Saturday morning at 3:30am. o.o Oops! \n\nNot the nicest looking place inside, but it's kept very old school.\n\nGot that Drai's inside!
Nothing fancy, but you get the best smoked meat. Nothing compares to Schwartz's in smoked meat.  A must if you are in Montreal. And, be ready for a line up outside.
Barros Pizza is excellent.  This is the first time at this location.  It's very clean,  friendly staff,  and consistently awesome thin crust pizza.  Service was great as they continued to check on our table. Will be back to this location again.
My wife and I have been longtime customers and this place has turned itself around.  The staff is much more friendly and helpful.  We no longer dread visiting the store.  It seems as though this store is under new management.  We'll done!
They make a great \"corned beef\" sandwich. If you are in the area-go have lunch here but don't make special trip, and don't wait in a line that's too long.  Lunch for 1 including sandwich, pickle and fries for less than $10.
Love the pizza here.  I am in general not a huge fan of pizza and the last time I came, I stood in line for 45 minutes at 3 am for a couple slice of their pizza.  That is how much I crave for their pizza.
like 9/11\n\nnever again
This was my first time I felt Like I was at home with my family in the South. The blackened Tilapia and craw fish rice was great. My Boo loved the Alligator and the whole staff was great , nice and friendly.  One more thing the sweet tea was on point!
Expensive for what you actually get. Fish was also overcooked, which is sad for a restaurant that specializes in fish...
Good vodka drinks, but as a vodka-hater, I couldn't get into this place.  The bar space was packed even in the late afternoon and we ended up pushed over into corner.  We only stayed for a drink and a half before going to the bar at the restaurant where we were waiting for a table.
This place is not the business. The only good thing about these sandwiches is they are hangover prevention tools. I gave a drunk girl $20 and she returned to the apartment with a brown bag filled with these damn cheese steaks. I thought they were not that good.
Awful.  Horrible haunted house experience.  Expensive.  The actors didn't even try.  There even was a guy in the middle of the dark tunnel telling you how to get out safely.  There wasn't even the classic scary ending with a guy and a chain saw chasing you.  It was completely underwhelming.
Great place, with super friendly service and delicious burgers at a super reasonable price.  Very fresh ingredients.  It definitely feels like a work in progress right now since they just opened, but I'll be back and I look forward to seeing what they do with the place.
My past two haircuts with this location were horrible. First awful experience the lady left a long patch on the back of my head. Today I don't think she shaved the right side of the neck line. Two in a row so I will not go back a third time. Trying place across the street.
The food is always fresh and delicious... as all Chipotle locations are.  It is a small location and there is not much seating room inside.  The staff is always friendly and efficient.  It is clean, reliable and always tasty.
Impeccable service! Right from Valet, check-in to room service and restaurant dining. The experience of staying at Four Seasons is definitely worth every penny!My preferred place to stay in Vegas from now :)
Regularly go here for basic sushi fare. Not the best, but it's not a Scottsdale sushi chain owned by Caucasian douchebags so I'd rather give Hiro my business :) Gave 4 stars because the sushi is above average taste-wise and they do NOT have any type of happy hour specials
cool place with plenty of beer choices.  service wasn't a highlight.  guy with dark curly hair needs to rethink the service industry.
Added a star for effort, since the manager messaged me about the experience and seemed legitimately concerned. They'll have a chance to make up for the last visit when football season rolls around again, but not before.
Dark dank bar with not much going on. Workers were not overly friendly. Live music is on the weekends and it is typically heavy metal.
I love my web page, its been very successful and we've had great feed back.  LOVE it!!  It was up in less than a week and they gave me quite a few tips on getting the page recognized on Google for free.  Would absolutely recommend using them!
Great pizza and wings! The polish sausage's are the best and their hot roast beef sandwiches are awesome! If you are ever around McDonald & Granite Reef in Scottsdale you have try this place! You'll love it!
Simple.\nBlack bean burger. Yes.\nJalape\u00f1o hummus. Absolutely\nBeer. I'm there.\nGood prices. Done and done!
The worst rental car company at PHX airport. As if the lengthy shuttle ride and horrendous facility charges in Phoenix weren't bad enough, Dollar punishes customers with dirty old cars. They let me pick between 3 non-smoking cars that had cigarette stains and odor. Totally disgusting. I will never use this company again.
28 stars for this place!!! They have EVERYTHING you will need (including beautiful smiles and excellent service)!!!!
I took my two year old here to get his hair cut and was basically told in a polite round about way to leave because they didnt want to cut his hair... They don't care to have my service and I don't care to go back
Very authentic Mexican food. Sorry I can't say what I ate but it was great. The only thing they didn't have was con queso white cheese dip but they did have a great bean dip. Service was fantastic too.
Don't get me wrong, this IS a college bar but the food is great and inexpensive. Excellent mozzarella sticks! Awesome sliders! Yummy wings! Bueno nachos! Tasty fries!
Defiantly one of my favorite pizza places I've tried so far while being in the shadyside area. The crust was cooked to perfection, perfect amount of sauce on the pizza and the cheese was glorious! I loved it!
Pool hall and pretty crappy bar. Not much else to write home about. Was not a fan and won't be back here.
Enjoyed this place!  Felt like David Lynch could walk in at anytime.  The deserts were great and the food was excellent.  Also very nice staff.   So good we ate here twice.
My experience in Red wok is okay. When i say okay i mean is not the restaurant's fault they hired such a clumsy busser. But anyways the food is great everything looks clean bathrooms, outside  etc! talking about the busser she was kind of rude but at the end she deserve nothing but a 0$ tip.
Very poorly run and over priced. Best buffet in town but a little overpriced.
Walked in during late lunch hour. Did not get acknowledged for about 5 mins. When I finally got sat down, and served my salad, I found a hair in it. Got no apology. Just a sigh firm the waitress when she took it away. You can't pay me to go back here. The waiters are rude.
Rides are okay. They are cheap too. Unlimited rides for 34$. But they not exactly thrilling. Also expect waiting times of about 40 minutes or more per ride.\nBrilliant view at night though.
good atmosphere.. Reasonably priced... attentive staff.. can get busy...
I live nearby, on any given day this is my top 5 italian place to eat. I am in boycott as of july 3rd, when don deblasio treated us great disrespect. He triple booked our table. Basically made an effort to run us out. Haven't been back since
good seats. plenty tv. not many healthy food options but salads. Staff cool.  was packed 6-8pm then died hard
The new owner really helped this paper go to the next level. The content is fresh and the design very magazine like. Glad it's still publishing, now that the Tribune is gone
Service sucks and food not that great I eat one roll and that's all it took for me to leave right away.
Had so much fun last month we had to return. We were upgraded to a suite which was nice...although my hubby's blackjack losses more than covered the upgrade I'm sure. :) Everything was perfect as always and we are already planning our next stay.
So-so. This is a Cafe Rio or Costa Vida knockoff. The food is ok but is way over priced for the portion size.
CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP...\n\nBut nothing could make this good. Not even your most ridiculous Vegas hangover...\n\nThe school cafeteria at college has this place beat.\n\nSo... NO NO NO...
Will never use again.  Charged double because he showed up with no appointment and the company truck was in use. Not my fault he came to my shop when he wasnt scheduled and never called to alert me.  RIP OFF!!
Magic hat number 9 is a refreshing summer ale. The fish burrito was large and very filling. Service was attentive.
This place is amazing !! Zombie heaven for zombie lovers!!! Shirts, comics from the walking dead and other little gadgets!! What's really cool is Sundays they throw a walking dead viewing party!!! My trip to Pittsburgh would not have been complete if I didn't pass by here!!
Busy drive thru
Cheap and good for the price, lunch special includes fried rice, egg roll, soup and entree.  Will continue to ear here when working in the area
This place has some awesome food. Absolutely love it. Will definitely be back. Prices are great and the food is awesome.
simple, and always perfectly made! if you like japanese curry, this place does it the best
711meets whole foods (and there you have it). Not quite as good as trader joes but it also has less frills and les hippie pretentiousness. Nice quality neighborhood market. They have great pre made meals and great lemonade & tea.
The pizza tastes like something you microwave. The combo comes with a small cup. If other pizza places are open id avoid this one.
Lots of people watching, especially drunk people.  Saw a fight start but then it was broken up.\n\nIt's interesting.  Probably something everyone should see at least once if they're in the area.\n\nSo you get a few random performances amongst drunken and homeless people.
Horrible! 8 dollars for popcorn. You kidding me?  Seating is terrible. The self serve machines in the lobby don't work. Very overpriced tickets. Piss poor food. Terrible candy options. Please read what I am writing and trust me...GO TO HARKINS!!!
Great place to shop for farm-related items,  western clothing, farm animal feed, etc. Lots of interesting things not normally found at a Walmart. Service is friendly. Seems out of place off Jones Ave from the 95 freeway. Would come back again if in the area.
Not good at all! We will not be back. The servings are small, the m & C was dry, and too expensive. I'm glad we got that groupon out of the way. I can honestly say the blue box is way better. Sorry Mix N Mac....
Really cute bakery and smells amazing! I had the carrot cake cupcake. It was good, but definitely not the best I've ever had. My husband had the chocolate chip cookie sandwich, he said the same, good but not great.
The food here is fantastic. It gets really busy at lunch time so you should either come early or late if you want to sit down when you get there.
Great store! they have everything. not name brands, really, but good stuff. can't beat the prices. super store! buy lots of butter and save lots of bread :)
Awesome place. Really nice staff
We did go here towards the end of the night.  I think it was about 4am.  This place cleared out quite a bit and the crowd was a little less to be desired.  Honestly, we probably stayed here for about 20 minutes and then it was time to go.
Ugh! This library needs to be remodeled. It makes me feel like I am stuck in the early 90's. Employees aren't as friendly or helpful as the employees at the other locations either.
the only reason im giving this another star is that the place is clean.\nother than that the food sucks and makino is better for the price at least
I can fly! Great instructors. Safe and super fun. LIfechanger.
Empty promises...he had the wedding dress since March, went for a million fittings and he never did what he said he would including cleaning it, yet he charged me. Very bad service!!!!!!
Unfortunately I will never attend to this location again. There were flies all over the restaurant and food. It was uncomfortable to enjoy food without flies landing on it. Was disgusting! Management said there was nothing they can do about the fly situation. He blamed it on the weather. Poor management  will keep me and my friends and family from attending this establishment.
Gf surprised me with Phantom tickets while we were in Vegas this past week. The props for this play were unbelievable and easy to see where the 40 million dollars went!
The taco salad was soggy and barely edible. I wont go back. Go to Del Taco instead.
This place is a great stop for something sweet! It can be a bit pricey, but it satisfies the taste buds!! The gelato is delicious, but my favorite thing to get is the crepes! The bananas foster crepe and the nutella crepe are delicious! :)
Music was great. The night that I was there I felt like everyone was mid-40's and up. Wasn't really the type of crowd that I was expecting. Bartenders were nice and the view is amazing.
I have come here several time to see a few bands.  It is a great music venue with a good beer selection & is my favorite place to see music in WI.
just had dessert and wine here, fantastic stuff.  not getting into details but the lemon tart was awesome.  also, the view of the water show from the patio is breathtaking.  definitely go.
Everything is excellent. Can't wait to go back
This place is awesome hands down the best place to go to in old town for anything great food they make me look good I'm a cab driver when I recommend this place to people they call me thanks that place was great we love it
Just your average hole in the wall Chinese restaurant. I got the Mongolian Beef and all I can really say about it is that it is average. If you're in the area and craving Chinese food this is definitely a good fix but I wouldn't go here unless I was already nearby.
Good South Indian food. Casual seating but that's fine when you don't need fancy place but want good vegetarian dosas\n\nMy last visit was not pleasant though.. there are lots of flies inside the restaurant especially on top of chatani area. Not very appetizing!
Rude Employees!!!!!! Too bad this is the closest place to my house.
Such a waste of money! I was very disappointed when I came here for my friend's birthday dinner. It is $27.00 per person for food that is not that good. I usually enjoy Asian buffets, but I was not thrilled with this one. I will not be back.
Postinos has some of the best bruschetta I've tasted. its a classy little bistro looking place with really good lemonade as well.  its not too expensive but its definitely not cheap either. I would recommend this for a lunch type of place but not too big of a dinner,
Appetizers good. Hamburgers bland and buns dry and cold. Server forgot our endless frys. And gave us the wrong check. First time , last time. I don't see what's the attraction.
Best chicken fingers, ever! Great Texas Toast. Droopy and pathetic french fries. Sounds like I need to try the sweet tea!
Nice to have a raw vegan friendly place in Pittsburgh. \n\nThe food tasted good but was very expensive for the amount of food you get. I ate an entire meal and dessert and left feeling like I was ready to eat another whole meal.
Typical of all Best Buys, you usually either have to search high and low for an employee, or there's 6 of them in 1 section standing around doing nothing.
Mmmmm they were out of cannoli and totally went out of the way to make me one fresh. Everything here is pretty dang delicious!!!!
I really enjoy this place... So much cleaner than outdoor parks, good food and a fraction of the low-class inattentive parents I usually encounter at the mall playground. It's awesome.
I first had chipotle a couple months ago, I've since ate there 6 times and I would recommend it.
Yumminess! Kind of strange to be eating Thai food in Scotland... but it was really good. Love the vibe of the restaurant and the staff is friendly. Lots of vegetarian/vegan options.
Another disappointment from Squirrel pizza...
Quite possibly the best show I've seen it Vegas! It was phenomenal. Well worth the money. Tickets for tonight sells tickets as well so be sure to keep your eye out. This is a variety show which is just amazing. I'm sure we'll be seeing it again!
Poor service, bad food and cheap setup. By the way price is no cheap. I wish I'd gone to Waynn and paid 10 dollars more for the dinner. I should have taken pic of the deserts to show what I mean... Filthiest desert I've ever seen, didn't even bother to try.
Cool area but way over priced but that Vegas. Hot bottle girls and the food is great. Wish it was a bit bigger
Stopped in today for a late lunch.  It's nice to get here after the lunch crowd has come and gone.  The meatball sandwich on a soft roll was over the top.  Great big meatballs, good flavor and plenty of sauce.  Highly recommended!
Every time I come to this McDonald's it's so dirty. I know it's just a fast food restaurant inside Wal Mart, but it should be a little cleaner than this.
Not a bad place to go but not my first choice. The food is good but nothing unique or special.
Horrible food service. Took almost half an hour to get a rare steak, and the bartender couldn't fix a drink right.
Ordered open face brisket sand. $13 for tough meat and the meat was difficult to identify under the gallon of super sweet barbecue sauce. My eating partners salad was pretty good though.
The food here varies depending on who is cooking, but when it's good it's melt your fucking face good.
The staff here is very nice and helpful However there popcorn prices and seats suck compared to the other Dollar theaters!
The waitress MARIA ROSANNA was horrible come on now? She act like she don't care about her job and I don't recommend her to anybody. MARIA ROSANNA find a different job because you SUCK
This place closed years ago, why is it even on the list?
Fun, diverse dance scene, but totally bizarre/creepy decor: ancient Roman brothel meets paleolithic cave.
My favorite chocolates. I think I started with the Earl Grey a few years ago and I've never looked back. We go to lunch nearby and then stop off here for dessert.
I had dinner there the other night.  What a pork chop!
Service is fine. quality of food has fallen significantly
The sandwiches and salads here are great. I usually come to pick up some sushi if I need a quick lunch and am craving raw fish. The location is kind if small and has limited seating which is fine if you are planning on just bringing something back to your desk
Food was good.  Very reasonable but the real treat is katie who epitomizes what it means to be a great tender of the bar!  Super friendly, very attentive and very easy on the eyes.  I sat at the bar and watched Monday Night Football and enjoyed everything.
This is one of my favourite Indian restaurants in Arizona . Very good food, very good service. Their Goat curry is so very yummy and the staff is always so friendly. If you are unfamilar with Indian cuisine then would recommend going to the lunch buffet to sample a variety of dishes. The prices are also reasonable.
My favorite of the bars in downtown Champaign. I love coming here and trying one of the specialty beers that they have on tap (different all the time). Sitting outside when the weather's nice will be one of my favorite memories of my college years.
Pretty standard Caribou location.  It's larger than the Matthews location on 51 and has more seating (inside and out).  There's also a electric fireplace.\n\nService at this location is generally fast and attentive.
DELISH!! Very yummy! We were so pleased to find this charming little spot. As others have said, yes, it really is better than the place across the street. The service was great and the fish was tasty. We'll definitely be back!!
This place quickly became my new favorite restaurant.  We come here just for drinks sometimes because we like the atmosphere.
great location on the strip, but the hotel is in need of a remodel. \n\ntry to learn your way from the parking garage to your room first because you don't want to be stuck wandering around their casino. the ventilation is terrible.
Went to watch UFC with a friend. Wings were on special and were decent. Our waiter was completely inept and dropped half our food coming out of the kitchen.  Check seemed to be more then it should.  Waiter probably messed that up too. It gets packed after 10pm. Great people watching.
Its cheap Hawaiin food, for what it is, its pretty good, so 3 stars.  Its simple, no frills food, and a ton of bang for your buck, so if you are looking to unbutton your pants and wreck a toilet on the cheap, this is the place for you.
Listen, the place is kitschy, silly and if you are into seriously tacky Mexican reproduced goods this is your mecca. Unfortunately for the owners,I will not support bad customer service. Bitter, bitter, very unattractive couple works the register.I will not go back. I say, check out Buffalo Bills just down the road!
This Niketown has great selection of Nike gear. From running to basketball, they got it. Only downside is it's at end of Forum shops, making you walk far. But I guess that's part of the exercise. I've seen celebrities here like Pete Rose & Michael Vick (2 outstanding role models lol).
Not really diverse. Price is high. You're really just paying for the presentation. Let's face it, nothing is cheap at the bellagio. Lol. Food was okay. Nothing spectacular. Husband liked the tres leches dessert. First time trying, and it wll be our last.
Not the best theater I have been to and certainly not the worst. LOTS of people taking their kids to see Frozen. Mom and I went to see Catching Fire. Once the lights go down if the crowd is chill I suppose it doesn't really matter where you go.
Service has gotten better this past year. The Broiled Chicken Pita is the best!
This place is closed.  It is now Thai Basil.  We drove all the way to downtown to discover it no longer existed.  I should have called first.
This is the worst Wendy's i've ever been to
Pros: room is well-decorated, clean, and nicely sized.\n\nCons: no in-room coffee maker or fridge.  Missing \"Privacy Please\" hang tag caused an unwanted 8:30am wake up call.  8:30am in Vegas is WAY too early!
We made the mistake of eating at the Stable Grill. It had been a while since we had been there. The service was terrible. The food was also nothing to write home about. I think it will be another five years before we venture back, if ever again.Very disappointing..
This is my Spot!\n\nGreat hole in the wall style Mexican joint with great food!\n\nbetter then Filberto's by far!!
Not the best. Quality of the food has gone down hill. We were the only table there and service was very slow. The gazpacho is like a cold tomato bisque, don't order.
The pizza here is okay...I usually like my pizza piping hot with the cheese nice and gooey. Whenever I get pizza here it's warm. I usually love all garlic bread but this one is too greasy. It still decent pizza to get when you are on the go!
Underwhelming is the kindest word. Over priced, tepid, bland, and greasy are a few others. May have caught them on a bad day but that's no excuse.
Reasonably priced, authentic, Cantonese Chinese cuisine. Friendly service. Pictures of Hongkong decorate the walls. Noodles and chicken dishes always tasty. A midtown Phoenix find! I've never ordered the American-style dishes.
Lots of screens playing lots of games. Attentive staff.\n\nDrink prices are ok.\n\nThe burger was the worst I've ever eaten.
So far my favorite hotel in Vegas is Encore. The hotel and rooms are beautiful and great service.
Slow slow slow slow slow. Found this place looking for a dannys car wash, for an oil change.  Oils been done cars been washed, can't even pay, it's been over half hour wtf is happening 0.0 come on ppl. Not coming back. Plus this place is more expensive ...
One of the better ones. Enjoyed the crab legs and shrimp. Not as good as the Cosmopolitian.
Good service but horrible garbage food and small portions
24/7 diner with lots of Neon. Food is good for being 24/7. Nothing amazing, but the Chicken Caesar salad is great! Huge portions, strongly recommend to share. The desserts are a MUST have! Leave room to try the brownie or strawberry shortcake - a real Vegas experience.
Great shop. Immediately recognized that another Tempe bike shop had installed wrong size tire, and explained the problem well, then replaced it perfectly. Nice people. Highly recommended.
Great little bookstore.  The staff has always been very nice while I browsed.  You won't find the newest best-seller, but there is a good assortment of used material for fair prices.  An asset to the North Boroughs!
Love this lady!  She treats you so GOOD!  I have been going to her for years and have sent some friends and family and they love her too!  I have had facials and waxing at the other places and nobody beats Maria!  And the neck massage is to die for!
This place is the bomb!  Food portions are huge and the quality is consistent... Recommend the mixed plate or Katsu/Teri beef combo with Mac salad!  I wonder sometimes if the owner is a local or just bought the franchise... But so far food is good representation of what you get in Hawaii.
Whenever you're in Vegas.. Make sure to hit up this place..  I strongly suggest getting the bottle service... And if you do... Holla at my friend Shannon Belshoy (bottle agent) She is very courteous and professional.. Good Times
Hands down one of my favorite places to eat. The Maragrita's are killer and food amazing.
The fairways and greens still need work. Understand they were just taken over not too long ago, but after playing there a couple of months back and now this Saturday 3/29/2014, they need to get in gear and get the course better.
Cool concept and good customer service, but for the prices the food is not tastey.  My \nbrothers chicken was dry and my salmon had no flavor.
a worthy compliment to ritter's on the other side of bloomfield.  a two word (three with contraction?) summation: it's open
Everything about this place seems to be a lesser version of a normal CPK: the menu is abbreviated, the pizza seems small, and the taste is missing. Prices however remain to be the same or higher than other franchise locations. Avoid this place if you can.
Don't know which was worse, the service or the food. The meats were cold and rubbery. No flavor at all. Service was awful!! Miserable restaurant, go to mcdonalds!
Awful service! Ordered drinks and waited more than 20 minutes. Drinks never arrived. No explanation; nothing. Won't return.
This location is very nice and the staff is awesome i would definitely return to this location if i ever needed to stay downtown phoenix area
Nasty chicken and mediocre bacon.
Great wedge salad... lousy steaks!
Buying or selling hands down Eloff is the man you want when dealing with your realestate needs... He has made all my home purchases smooth and worry free... Impeccable services hard working and honest..... I couldn't thank Las Vegas Reality specialists Eloff Perez enough. ..
5 stars because i finally got the haircut i wanted.  Medium fade with a top trim and shape up. 18bucks and that was with 6 dollar tip! Cole is now my best friend. He just doesn't know it yet.
Sometimes there is a line, sometimes there is not. But I always receive the same amount of good service and food at this Subway. The staff is friendly and they know how to make a sandwich. The breads are always fresh, as well as the meats, cheeses and veggies. What more can I say? Subway. Eat Fresh.
Its a glorified sandwich shop. There wasn't anything that was too spectacular. I had the Royal Club and it was a good sandwich, but it wasn't great...
Mediocre. The all-you-can-eat was largely flavorless, at least on the beef side.  Flank steak and sirloin were essentially tasteless and a bit tough.  Most disappointing was the difficulty getting the waiter to come back with the meat.  I guess it's all you can eat if you can find it.
The food isnt hot. How can they prevent bacteria from growing. T he inside smelled terrible
Great food. Great service. Will certainly be a regular here.
Great service.  Great food.  I wish they would have specified the ham and cheese sandwich on a pretzel roll comes with deli mustard.  I hate that stuff.  It ruined the sandwich for me.  The waffle sandwich is wonderful.
One star for the bitching of pouring Sierra Mist to your 2 year old baby's bottle. I can't share my drink with my kid? fu
Low-carb options...they offer a lettuce wrap instead of a bun. Broccoli instead if fries. Also offer gluten free buns. If you're not into that, bottomless fries!
Food is amazing, the service sucks. I have been in for breakfast lunch and dinner and they are all consistently under staffed. Tons of fun waiting for food, refills, check, etc. Would easily get a 5 if they can figure out their staffing issues.
Love everyone here so friendly always do a great job got a deluxe pedicure an gel pink powder full set thank you Shawn an Karen for making my day !! Will be coming back
Patty melt was delicious and portions were just right, not too large - not too small.
Great Food!  Try the Pizza Del Re.  Incredible!
Went with friends on a Friday night. Busy but not bad. Ordered the 8 oz filet medium rare. Steak was fantastic, and cooked closer to rare than medium and served Oscar style. Great service, great  food, will be back again.
The food isn't great.  I really only like the chocolate cake which is strangely sweet but does not have much chocolate flavor.  (Still I'm strangely addicted to it).  The food is rather bland, the main flavoring ingredient seems to be salt and oregano and that's about it.
I love the melting pot! \nI wish they had like local specials (they have industry specials).
Food was good and the service was friendly. I would visit again!
Just tried ordering the razzmatazz without strawberry many of times and the store clerk looked dumb founded and couldn't figure out how to make it! Walked out and won't be returning back anytime soon until they hire new intelligent employees or probably train them.
The nicest bead store in Vegas. Quality products. Layout of store is great too....I am not stuck in rows and rows of high walled rows.
There's no excuse for such bad quality of meat for such an expensive burrito. And beware because it has bones.
I use my parent membership card to get some free sample of food (whenever they have it) and I love the food court they got food that huge, tasty and CHEAP.
If you purchased a Groupon to use here (which they originally promised to honor \"in the future\", but now will not), you can complain to Groupon, and Groupon will refund you your money. I was pleasantly surprised by Groupon's customer service (unlike Bagel Factory's).
Not special... will try again sometime since they are new.
Not bad. Not great. Quick lunch, looking out at the pool. But you're paying for it. Nice crowd. Typical Vegas high-end coffee shop.
Big fan of the Belfast burger, especially on Mondays when it's a mere $5. Great beer list and good service.\n\nNever been here for live music or Seahawks games, but it's a nice atmosphere anyway.
I had my birthday dinner here. It was my first time. I was not disappointed. I had the filet it was so good.  I could cut the steak with a butter knife. For desert, I had the ultimate cheese cake.  It was massive and delicious.
Awesome gluten free selection! Very friendly and the food was amazing! Get the spicy breakfast burrito.. So delicious!
Good for a quick bite. Nothing spectacular considering so many other options in Vegas.
great flavor\ngreat price\ndont let the 'atmosphere' scare you off
Pass! One of the most tasteless burgers I've eaten. Overpriced for what I received. I've had better at fast food. Not worth it.
Stopped in and got a half chicken with double salad for a late lunch. Friendly staff - little to no wait and the heavy spicy sauce made every bite of chicken delicious.. Got what I was expecting and enjoyed the meal.
It's disgusting to know I've been to this place a hand full of times but today was the last. Roaches walking on the food and throught the pans. I told one of the workers but all he did was smile at me. I'm reporting them to health inspectors.
Loved them!  We hired them for our 16 year old daughter to make sure she was ready for the driving test.  Her instructor Tammy was awesome!  My daughter scored a 100% on her driving test, we couldn't believe it!  We will certainly be using them again for our next daughter in a year.  Highly recommend them!!!
Greatly entertaining but the service was HORRIBLE! I'm a regular at Se\u00f1or Frogs in Nassau, where they fawn over you. DJ was good, music was great. Food & drink overpriced. Service, a complete bomb!
This place kicks ass.  \n\nNo two ways about it.  \n\nHere we are in a mini mall in the middle of the desert, and somehow I end up with sushi that tastes like if just jumped out of the ocean.  I don't know how they do it....
Gigantic beer selection, but the place tends to be extremely crowded and noisy. Food is just so-so and somewhat pricey considering. Overall, it's an okay place to go but nothing exciting.
This place used to be better and more knowledgeable and helpful.  I guess I hit bad staff day or something.\ngood prices and a great selection.   \nNeed chairs to sit and read.
My favorite bakery!!! You'll love em hands down!!!!
What a joke. I thought Subway was stingy with their meats until I came here.\nSandwich wasn't bad, but there was practically no meat or toppings on it.\n\nI've heard the bbq sandwich is a lot better than the Italian, which I got.
A first for me. After two beers and waiting an HOUR, we got up, left our Groupon on the table and walked out. I can't rate nonexistant service. I have truly never done that before. We're now at Oregano's:-)
The setting is quite enjoyable and oozes romance but the food is unremarkable, in my opinion.
Awesome place! Jessica was so nice and accommodating. Normally it can be uncomfortable getting naked in front of someone but she makes you feel at ease. Awesome place!!
Really cool staff and their specials are pretty reasonable. Never had more than pizza and subs from them and each time were great.
$12.99 for a full rack of baby back ribs!\nMake sure you get the players card and print out a discount coupon first\nPaired with the $2 hefeweizen. Delicious!!!
My first time here, although I live here. A bit pricier than a yard sale, but lots of crafts and vintage. A fun way to spend the day for a buck, and didn't see anyone selling what I consider junk.  Another treasure in Cave Creek Az
This place has been open for about a few months and I haven't been here until yesterday.  WOW!  This is some good food for not a whole lot of money.
Beat breakfast in Pittsburgh. I know there is another place with that on their sign but I'll take Pamela's any day!!
Friendly people. books are transfered quicky from other libraries in town, nice IT infrastructure to download ebooks and find information on-line.  Another great example of the services the City of Phoenix provides.  Great library!
Reasonably good curry, although not as good as the reviews on the window claim.  I agree with the other reviews that it promises more than it really delivers.
This hotel I stayed at was very good. I enjoyed my self and it is very clean, great customer service. If i needed any thing the staff was very helpful.
This little place nestled in to The Yard is awesome! The owner/ manager (not sure which) was so nice and friendly, he even brought over some Kopi Luwak for us to try for my Birthday.  I would definitely recommend this place. The food was great! The staff was so nice. Not a bad thing to say.
Doesn't taste authentic at all. Food looks amazing but lacks in flavor. Also the curry has no bamboo shoots in it which is disappointing.
I donate plenty of items here because it's such a fabulous cause, and after the last time, I got a personal thank-you letter from the manager. Very classy, and a nice touch -- two thumbs (paws) up.
I walked into Stitched and into heaven.  The clothes are amazing and Jack was friendly and very helpful.  I'm going back tomorrow to check more clothes out.  Jack is the bomb!  Very soon I will have a new wardrobe of fabulousness!  Highly recommended for the individually fashion minded.
It's a fun one time thing to do. The drinks were super yummy, staff was great, and the atmosphere was fun. We were bummed about no phones but we danced, talked & just acted silly since there was so distraction. Wish I could have snapped a few though.
Its only $2. But man does it take forever.
It has a good car wash, but the place STINKS! (Literally)
I'm always disappointed when we come here I don't know why we keep trying. Just get takeout. I paid early to be able to leave with my toddler if I need too. They took my money and never came back. No drinks ignored my request for napkins. Asked for a booth the host brought me to a table.
Drai's is legendary for afterhours and is consistent over the years. It gets poppin after 4A so don't bother showing up early, or at all if you aren't willing to leave when the sun's already up
While the chain is really good at inexpensive good tasting hamburgers, this franchise seems to get away with servers that are unpleasant, instructive and actually aggressive, hamburgers that are barely cooked and a messy bathroom.\n\nTakeout of a well done burger is probably the best way to go here.
If I could rate 0 stars I would overwhelmed and overworked staff management obviously pinching pennies by not having enough help in an obviously busy store resulting in no service which is horrible customer service walked out without ordering and will not go back their corporation spends millions advertising a new sandwich but you can't order it whats wrong with this picture
I've been going to masa sushi for years now. Mostly because I don't have a say in the matter. [I hate fish] But the service is always good, good drinks, and yummy bentos. Its pretty cheap too! the combos are like two rolls for like 5 bucks. Very nice.
7/28/2014: no power or air for more than an hour with temps soaring 100s. No internet for 12 hours even though they charge you resort fee. No eta on anything. Sometimes sorry doesn't cut it when you pay premium price for a room for comfort.
Dr Ingersoll is fantastic! My daughter had an emergency 3 weeks post surgery, & needed to be seen on a Friday afternoon. Dr stayed late to see her & make sure she was taken care of. \nEXCELLENT patient care here! Would recommend him to anyone.
LGO was better...
Overpriced for cheap work! Got my $45 gel fill on Sunday and this is what it was by Wednesday(pic). Went back to have them redo the awful work and surprise surprise the gel peeled off the very next day. Save your money and time go elsewhere.
Skip-able. \n\nTacky. Loud. Skip.
Our \"SUITE\" was awful!!!\n\nThe outlets were falling out of the walls, the room smelled awful, and the room was VERY dated.\n\nWILL NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN!
Worse company ever! Give a free system but do not explicitly explain a lock in on contract. Dishonest. Called for a service to the system and never came.  Had problems with connections. No response to call for service.  Waited on the phone for 30 minutes to get someone to answer.
Their frozen yogurt is surprisingly adequate, considering the cupcake chain primarily deals with, well, cupcakes. I personally find the cupcakes to have far too much frosting that overpowers the flavor of the cake. However, I've found the Apple Pie cupcake to be quite tolerable.
The toys and bones were not for me! I'm a high class hound and deserve the supreme.\nI ain't barkin' around!
One of my favorite theaters. This is a very comfortable movie experience with leather recline seats, stadium seating, and plenty of leg room. I do like the assigned seating but it is kind of a bummer I can't buy my tickets with fandango. Still, I highly recommend this theatre.
I started with Butt-Out on 7st and Virginia. I recently moved to Tempe and went there for a new battery. They were extremely helpful and didn't try to sell me stuff I don't need. Keep up the good work guys. FIVE STARS! .
Watching Unbroken. Theater is really big, lots of seating. Ordering food is convenient but very pricey. Wednesday's and Sundays have unlimited pizza for $10 which is a good deal.
Great bar food with drink specials. Not crowded and my new spot to watch games if my Panthers aren't on TV.
Amazing food. Amazing service. Amazing prices. If you're in the mood for middle eastern cuisine in Charlotte do not look further. I've tried them all and this takes the top spot.
Had something different every visit, always amazing! One of the times was my first time ever experiencing Ethiopian food and I was not disappointed. Everything is very fresh, very flavorful. Slightly off the strip so its enough out of the way but not hard to find. Must try!
Looked good but was unedible with red flake, not even Thai, peppers.  Ordered medium and I love spicy food but neither of us could eat our dishes.  Sis took me for dinner and is ordering pizza now.  Not fast.  Not good.
Quick service, yummy smoothies, good prices, healthy options. Great spot for a quick and healthy breakfast in Vegas!
DISGUSTING! They say they are new?!?? Over my dead body. I cannot say enough how sick we were over this place. Yes, you get what you pay for but come on. Hotel Impossible should come here and see how disgusting it is.
Ordered a pickup of traditional hot buffalo wings and french fries. I've had better wings they were okay not that great. French fries were great though.
One of my Mom's old haunts in squirrel hill. Neat place. Good iced latte. The double expresso shot I inhaled from the Latte made me talk a mile a minute. Solid 3.5. Good place. Good coffee.
Don't be alarmed this place is attached to a hotel! The food and drinks was delicious (omg those little muffins they give you) the servers were all amazing although they tried to take my plate at least four times before I was finished eating... But all in all a wonderful place!
A lot quicker than the Charleston location, minus a drive-thru. Very nice people working, with each time I've gone. Might stop by more often. It is my nearest location...
Good food, reasonable prices and nice atmosphere.  A respite from The Strip.  We combined it with a look see on Fremont St.
Another really popular place I just don't understand. It was crowded and the service wasn't that great. My grape leaves tasted like rubber and had tomatoes in them even though I asked for none.\n\nThe hummus tasted like it was made from powder and the pitas were hard.
Very disappointed!  Last 2 times I've been I was very unhappy. A while ago, we did the drive through and the  fried chicken was falling apart and bones inside were broken.  Almost like it was smacked around on the counter.  This last time, we had the grilled, and most of it was very dry and
Beautiful, clean and smells nice-not like chemicals.  Hard to get into on a Saturday-sign up for their monthly specials on their website.  A little spendy for regular maintenance-but fine for once in awhile, agree with the others: staff seems unhappy and front desk leaves ALOT to be desired.  Impossible for a drop in.
Disgusting!  I'd rather eat McDonald's over this place!
Sadly, The Maui Grille is no longer in business
Ya know, for one that's in a mall, they were great. That's why I'm giving it a 4. Otherwise it'd be a 3 for sure.    \n\nBetween the friendly crew, line management and the variety in their display case - even after a few hours later - I was amazed.
Dont mean to bash on this place...only saying that the overall rating and reviews had gave us higher expectations. \nTo be fair all we tried was their Orange n Sesame chicken (came with fried rice), &chow mein.
This is a great little coffee shop. My usual is a cortado. It's awesome every time. There are many choices and a great atmosphere. I came one time when they had a latte making contest. These guys know coffee.
Everyone was very helpful. They all went above and beyond to help me find exactly what i wanted. Thank you for making my special day a memorable one
So I called and was told somebody would call me back.  It has been 3 days and still no call back and there is still a random $61 charge from iPic on my bank statement :(
Great addition to the neighborhood. You would think we have enough great pizza places to choose from in 85018 but these guys kick it up a notch by adding spice an a unique and yummy crust. Great service and atmosphere. Caprese bruschetta amazing! Great neighborhood place!!
Horrible wait for food. Literally 40+ min after ordering and still no food on July 4th weekend. Food itself was pretty good but horrible service and wait makes it a 2 star.
FYI, Planet Hollywood recently joined Harrah's and is no longer a Starwood Hotel, so you can't stay here with Starwood points, and to that I say Boo!
Big crooks liars people Jim is the  biggest  thief .he charge for parts that not need to be fix or replacement .watch out people from this place .
This place is a joke for lunch. We have been here for over 40 minutes waiting on fried food and we are the only table here. You guys really need to change your whole staff. Just so you know we are still waiting.
Everything was exceptional customer service. The food was amazing. Our server Draya was amazing. Always checked up on us and always got everything we needed very quickly. Always come back here. If you have Draya you'll be in luck!.
I went back in today to have my front rotors machined.  I was quoted $100 and 1 hour wait time and that's exactly what it turned out to be.  Another great experience.  Thanks again guys!
cool place, but they need a system to seat people.  my hubby n i went and the girls were nice and cute. we had to find our own seats out front though. drinks were ok, nothing special. didn't notice where the club part was...out by 5am
I'm really bummed that this place closed.
One of our favorite restaurants. Surprisingly good. We had the Guinness beef stew and smoked salmon BLT. We went back one more time before we left. We had fish and chips, Reuben, and Guinness sundae. Food was very good. Prices were reasonable. We will definitely come again in the next trip.
Went climbing here about 4 months ago and used their rented shoes.... Left with a minor blister-like object on my 2nd toe and to this day I still have it.... if you can, BRING YOUR OWN SHOES... unless you want some nasty looking growth on your toe :/
The servers are typically not friendly.  And the sushi is sloppy.  They cut corners.  The macaroni salad is hardly edible.  The udon is great though.  I wish they wouldn't have servers come to work sick either.
not good at all !. 11$ a sub !
A 3.5 star, the ice cream portions are nice and big. The juices are great. The snow-cones are too sweet.
Worst Lamb Steak ever, service was just ok.\nEven the sides for the lamb steak was very bad.
Great place, creative high quality plates.
The only good thing I can say was the service was fast.  The food was pretty bad, I would not go there again.
Surprisingly good food - and the prices are good too. Has a great Mom and Pop feel to it and some of the dishes that friends have ordered are fantastic. I have not been quite as lucky. Will go back. The place is small, but they will accommodate larger groups.
Parfait bar de quartier: bonne bouffe, bon prix, ambiance chaleureuse mais surtout on s'entend parler!
Food was comparable to Denny's or Ihop but twice as much. Plus, it took 20 minutes to get a table. The house iced coffee is GOD awful idk what they put in it but YUCK!!!
Another boring, bloated, corporate steakhouse!  Would you like creamed spinach, steamed broccoli, or mashed potatoes served family style with your hunk of beef?  UGH!!  The ONLY thing that redeemed the meal is that someone else picked up the check!
if your into country dancing and beer this is your place. They do mix it up with some hip hop. Cover charge to get in, valet parking which was actually a bit silly but whatever.
Portions are huge! Get the chipotle chicken Benedict. You won't be disappointed!!!!
Love love love the food here. Service is blah but it's take out!!!  Totally worth it.
Food was okay, I was expecting more while in Gilbert.  Service was good no complaints there just was expecting a less chain type experience.
I had a terrible experience.  The walls are all concrete and everything echos intensely loud.  My steak was meh, and it was like a $100 steak!  I expected everything here to be amazing but was let down.
ABSOLUTE PESTS!  Several unsolicited phone calls from their 702-992-7900 number and they won't quit calling!  They have called as many as 3 times in one day.  I would never do business with them............
If your looking for breakfast then do yourself a flavor and spend a couple more dollars across the street. And if you do decide to eat here DONT get the bloody Mary.
Overpriced and disgusting. The two perfect words to describe this place! If you're coming just to drink or look at the waitresses, this is the place for you. But if you want decent food, please save your time and go elsewhere.
We went for my birthday dinner and were pleasantly surprised.  Atmosphere is amazing and food was very tasty. Eclectic menu, but worth trying out.  Hipster meets Pottery Barn. The only thing is its rather pricey, so be prepared for a hefty tab.  It is Summerlin after all.
I really enjoy this place! Always good food! Usually frequent this place with co-workers at lunch time.  A pretty happening place, so obviously a lot of people love Carlito's Burritos. The staff is very friendly! I LOVE the tacos and sopapillas!
This is place is a must try if you are in Las Vegas. We always get the vanilla chocolate chip concrete when we stop by. I have nothing negative to say about this place. I LOVE LOVE LOVE IT! =_
They have lost a a star as my most recent visit shows that they have changed chefs a couple of times...
Went here for happy hour. Had two for one yard long (maybe more like half a yard, which is fine) margaritas and half price quesadillas. Both very yummy. Sat at the bar and were duly entertained by the bartenders. Had a lovely time.
I love this Ross it is hit and miss but digging there all the cloths is worth it
CLOSED. Went by and it is no longer there, called headquarters and they have no active locations in AZ.
lovely food, healthy, good prices, I would recommended to everyone...
I love this place.  Very old school.  Want it high and tight squared off with a straight edge? No problem!\n\nFriendly staff, good haircuts, and reasonable prices.  Great alternative to the chains.  Highly recommend it.
Great little place.  Really good, fresh food.  On the weekend its all about the eggs Benedict. All of the employees are really friendly. Keep up the good work, Dawn and company!
Bad Experience, we will not be returning.
Awesome food, outstanding beers, wonderful people!  Just a great locally owned bar and grill.
Absolutely love this place. A locally owned pizza place that has been here for years. I love the nuclear fries with ranch dressing. Speaking of ranch dressing they make it themselves and sell it by the bottle. I personally like the pizza cut in squares. By far the best pizza in town!
I totally hate services of this place. Waitresses brought me wrong food twice. Also, after I started eating without complaining on them. They started to gossip me.
have nothing but great experience at this place. Staff are friendly and place is clean. I have taking my dogs there for over a year and I never had problems with the place.
The food is very oily and unhealthy. The dessert was placed within the main meal at the buffet. The chef is very unkempt and frequently comes outside.
Good place when you have a sweet tooth!!! And super close to my place!!!!
The flavor does matter!\n\n190 Octane and Hurricane have the same alcohol content made with 151 and Everclear respectively. \n\nStrawberry has 1/2 the alcohol content of the other two. \n\nGood to know, right? Def go with the extra shots regardless!
Terrible. Can you take out the word Thai please and just call it \"Original BBQ\"\n\nThe most unauthentic Americanized Thai food i have ever had in my life.\n\nIf you want to try something new that is NOT Thai food, then sure, go here.
Is this place is awful! Wow. Haven't had that bad of a meal....ever. Calamari was the worst I've ever had. I managed to choke down my Greek salad but how can you mess that up.
Ice cream was soft and not creamy like it used to be. Way over priced
It will be interesting to see how these do after they are open for a while... some stores were only there for the holiday season.... decent selection but could be better... no food choose either..
Excellent food.\n\nNaan was excellent along with Chicken Tikka masala.
Just ok...a little too pricey.
Not quite as ON as the Dicks Hideaway. \n\nStick to the Adovada here. Tried the Prime Rib sliders last time and tey were very very skimpy thin and the bread was too much for the meat.
Not bad. I've had better pho and mi kho in MN.
Awsome wings and chicken, plenty of different sauces,  1.00 beers!
Food was okay, the service was great. Hostess was sweet but I can't remember her name. And our waitress outdoes any waitress I've had in Vegas, Letizia/leticia.
This place has a funky eclectic atmosphere and serves up huge, delicious omelets. We ate here twice during our stay. Highly recommend The Californian. Cool local spot.
If you are out with hard core meat eater friends who will just not even consider eating at a healthier place, Bar+Bistro will fill the ticket to keep everyone happy. Not the best vegetarian cuisine I have tasted, but passable. Plus, it's a cool environment and very centrally located.
We went based on recommendation and it did not let down.  Great taco place.  Ok I am going to go Spanish on this one.  Delicioso!
my mom drags me in here all the time. they hardly have a selection of anything (plus it's all crap anyways). the only time anyone actually helped us or was nice was when we ordered balloons for my graduation....and then they messed up the order.
worst buffet for this price
I've been living in park-x for over 2 decades and let me tell you, tripoli is the place to go if you want authentic greek cuisine!! Amazing food, amazing service!!
Slow, slow, slow, and did I mention SLOW.....
10/2/10:  Oysters tasted funny, but didnt think much of it.  Had full course meal.  6 hrs later food poisening.  Take your chances with Terzetto... :-(
Good wax. Quick - no issues. Coupon on Yelp.
Definitely recommend this company to anyone and everyone!\n\nThey are all professionals who know what they're doing.  They have reasonable prices and the customer service is awesome.  Not only are they all skilled at what they do, but they all have great personalities that really make the process easier.
Quite nice. Small, casual, and reasonably priced. I'd recommend the Tom Yum Soup, Spicy Basil, and fresh rolls! BYOB. This amount of food was about right for two people of moderate hunger.
Great food but terrible terrible service, called an an order and almost after one whole hour after promise time food finally came out for pick up to go. It really is too bad that they went out of business because the food was really good.
This place is legit.  Their is another store with the same name in scottsdale but trust\nme this place is way better than the other one in scottsdale.  These people are Greek and the other store is a bunch of mexicans working their not Greek.  Don't be fooled go to this one!
We got a happy meal with no toy.\nWhat's the point?!\nAnd the manager was a prick
Best go-to restaurant. Its consistently good. Burger, French Dip, Thai Steak & Noodle Salad, Spinach & Artichoke Dip, Ribs(amazing), Hawaiian Rib-eye are all fantastic. Service is consistently good too. No complaints.
Just want to say how good we feel having found this HONEST auto service.  We can't emphasize enough how much we trust Stan and David and their crew of technicians.  It's hard to find a business that will level with you from the beginning and let you know the facts in order to make an informed decision.
We came to this casino to gamble and visit some friends.  There was nothing special about this hotel.  The rooms looked average and the casino was the same.\n\nThere were the Miracle Mile shops located inside the casino which made it convenient to shop if you needed something.  The shops included clothing stores, restaurants, and a ABC store.
Great drink specials and daily food specials.  I always go on taco night!!  The bartenders remember you, and your drinks...and they are a pleasure to talk to!  Yes, I always have to play the crane machine - and damn I'm good!
Like i said. All that was checked out before i came in. And i stated that when i scheduled the appointment. The car is fixed now and i was not charged an absurd diagnostics fee. Thanks for wasting my time and money.
where is this place?
JMoose is the best barbershop in the Scottsdale/Tempe area. My son has been going there for years. They are friendly, fast and the cut is always perfect. You can even hang out and watch sports or play foosball.
Too many people working but nothing getting done. Took too long for my order. I asked for refund. I'll check in a few days to know if it went through. They gave me another order gratis that they messed up. They were friendly but too slow. Time is of the essence in an airport.
go there for the MEZCAL since you do not find it at most places
Was happy to see they added broasted chicken to the menu,
Great place to eat,  staff is great and really fast. Thanks for the great service I have been back and every time I go back I always get the same great service.
Huge portions , good food and reasonable prices. I ordered the farmer's market skillet. It came sizzling to the table brimming with veggies , potatoes and a crack-load of cheese. Halfway through my stomach started begging me to stop.
Very good.... The stone crab wasn't quite as good as I remember the original in miami and my steak was a bit over salted. But overall everyone in our party of 8 was very pleased w their meal
Soliid Poutine - proper portions\nHad the house special with braised beef(?) - great flavour - overall cool place
I dislike this place, first and last time I come here.  It's sad seeing people standing around talking and on their cell phones.  Placed my order and when I got my burger, it was all wrong. I waited an extra 25 minutes for my fixed burger. Not cool. Never again.
Great food, amazing guacamole you must try it.  Reasonably priced.  Show up before six for happy hour.
Love their chicken sandwiches and biscuits! Their lemonade is awesome, as well. The service at this location is always fast and friendly. The food is hot and fresh. I stop here pretty often for breakfast on my way to work. You can order a sandwich instead of a biscuit for breakfast, if you prefer! :)
Ripoff! Never coming back. I made an appointment for an oil change and they tried to charge me $210. Then they marked my front bumper as having damage where there is none! I'd give 0 stars if I could. I'll drive to another state if I have to.
I would like to hang out here more often, but my laptop battery is a piece of shit and there are virtually no outlets in this place.  \n\n?
Call me crazy, but sushi in Bellagio Buffet are much better. Service and design were cool. Food so-so.
Not very funny .He is a Nice guy but Not funny  hes better than Gordy Brown ..Gordy Brown a time share pitch im sure is better .....
I just can't find any other dry cleaner that can beat their prices and speedy service. I also haven't had an issue with the quality or customer service. They are always very kind and efficient. Plus, if you drop off an item before 9am, it's ready at 4pm.
I have waited so many years to finally try In-N-Out and it was like heaven. Everything was so fresh and flavorful and outshines any other fast food places in the country. Be sure to look up other menu options online since they only have the simplest things listed on the board. Animal style fries are amazing!
Great place, great service, and awesome food, every dish i tried there was great!
The course itself is fine. The customer service (from the golf shop to cart attendants) is ALWAYS terrible. I've been playing this course for years (since they open very early in the summer) and the employees are like this every time. Unfortunately, because of the convenience, I'll probably continue to golf here.
Great vegetarian options. We beat the lunch rush by about 10 minutes so we didn't have any issues with service or wait times. I love that the lunch special comes with a little cookie and you can't beat two adult meals and a kids meal for under $20. Yay!
August 29 my coworkers and I ordered, first they sent me the wrong food, second I had a hair in my food! I used to always love Lins but not anymore. Hint...maybe wear a hair net and hair pulled back.
The service was incredibly slow and the waiter and bartenders ignored our group. \n\nI have eaten here once more before and did not have the best experience. I was reluctant to go back but my friends are new to the area and wanted to try it out.\n\nThe atmosphere is very nice though.
I order my lunches from here almost everyday. Love the healthier options and the food tastes great!
Old, broken down rides and games.  Games are all 2 tokens and most are very outdated or eat the tokens. Don't waste your money.
Excellent food, service and wine value.  Not your traditional italian food, but a variety of food prepared in an italian style.  Large indoor and outdoor seating, as well as a sizable bar.
No longer open for lunch,
Fun date night bar with my hubby!  Good music, good drinks :)
Small breakfast place with really nice staff and really good food. The service was fast, friendly and the food nicely presented and really tasty. I will definitely recommend this place to friends.
Hidden Gem. Good food. Great prices. All I wanted was some fried Calamari. It was great so I got a steak. Yummy! Best prices I have seen yet on the strip. Oh I almost forgot the Lucky 7 drink menu. Several drinks at the great price of $7.00.
I have never been satisfied with my haircuts until I went to Lavetta at Kim Vo.  She cuts with precision, everything she does is perfect!  The girl will make you look as fabulous as she does!
Only place in vegas that I had half decent Cronuts. \n\nTried the maple with bacon and chocolate with peanuts. Light cream filling, with a flakey-ish outside. \n\nMaybe they are better when they are fresh.
The drive through barista has been a bit surley when I have visited there.  Today the credit card receipt blew out their window and the barista only said \"lovely\" and stomped away as if it was my fault?  They seemed a little rude.
Loved the ambiance, it's upscale without being snotty. The server was very nice and knowledgeable. The food was amazing and the prices were very reasonable. I just with the dessert menu had more options. I'm planning on coming back very soon.
More bar than restaurant. The food is what you would expect from a bar. They have a dartboard. They have their own draft called hoot - available by pitcher. Interesting decor - movies, sports, etc. Excellent, friendly service.
Tried this place because of Yelp reviews. Totally disappointed. Other than the service - nothing else. No flavor at all! Those reviewers never had good Chinese cooking.
Stayed at this hotel many times and my favorite in Vegas!\nYou just can't beat looking out your window, facing the strip and watching the fountains blasting off every 30 minutes. Listening to Frank Sinatra & all the classics with some champagne, it can't get any better!
Slowest service I've ever encountered anywhere. Took 40 min to get our food . Food was just OK.. Not great. They ran out of soup and baked potatoes and after waiting 40 min they got my order wrong. Manager comp'd my bill . Not sure what all the hype it about this place. Kinda disappointing really
Not my favorite restaurant, but its something besides taco bell. Tried the nachos last time, they were good. Their tacos were kind of soggy. I dont like their salsas, prob my biggest complaint.
Meat & Fish Co. Rocks everyone there is really friendly , everything is fresh and they have a great variety of seafood  their crab-cakes, salmon cakes, and Grouper are top notch. their bison is great too!
Terrible service. They lost my order and took 30 minutes to remake it. Do not waste your time coming to this poorly run establishment.
Amazing spot for libations and delicious cuisine.   Friendly and knowledgeable staff that is very customer service oriented.   A must stop while in Downtown Phoenix and well worth the drive for the experience.
We decided to eat here before a movie since it was close.  They were still only serving champagne brunch.  For a buffet, I definitely expected more.  There was not much of a selection.  The food was bland.  It was not worth what we paid.  We were very disappointed.
Ok I come here now after almost every class I love there food, but the employees are so unfriendly I can't take it anymore! I hate feeling like I'm annoying them by coming to there business. I usually eat here to squeeze a workout and dinner in after work but they need new staff or a class in customer service
The food is very good for various selection of Vietnamese food! Pho is good as well as the rice and noodle dishes..,my favorites are chicken salad, lemongrass chicken with rice medium hot and combination bahmen sandwich. Staff is very friendly.
The music was great!  The Teppan chef was pleasant; however, the service was beyond bad.  We waited over an hour and a half before we were served our food.
My fav breakfast place in town. They will draw cute hearts or flowers in your capuccino and the atmosphere is absolutely stunning! 2 thumbs up for Leone Cafe!
Great Filet Mignon! A bit pricey & the service is very slow.
Didn't care for our square fish or the sauce. Both of us ended up feeling and getting sick that night.  I won't be returning.  I don't understand the appeal at all.
Great pork sliders! Best tasting margaritas that I had to have 2! The bartender Jeffery makes great drinks and is very helpful with choosing foods.
I guess I didn't realize that the produce wouldn't be there yet,  which is my main reason for going to a farmers market.  Way too many flower stands and a few places to eat.  Not really what I was looking for but I'll try again in a few weeks to see if the veggies show up.
Service seems to have gone downhill at this location, as it takes much longer to get your sandwich made these days. There are also some general stocking/restocking issues. For example, today the Diet Coke fountain ran out of syrup so it was just spurting out soda water.
Excellent place. Always crowdy, but they are very quick in service. I always try a different dish when I go there, and not a single dish has failed my expectation yet :-)
Rip off and slow. *fart sound* \n\nIce cream didnt even taste good, it was watery.
Restaurant rated the best prime rib in Vegas!  I thought it was ok. Pricey for what you get. Service was slow and the waiter blamed it on the bartender.  Remember, located in a casino, smoking is allowed.
If you want the perfect breakfast, well this is it.  It's so busy because it's delicious.
Cool space with amazing views and pumping music. A good place to party and dance all night... Best to get bottle service and grab a booth, otherwise it's too much of a grind and you can't kick back.
This is my third cirque show(mystere and zarkana), this was by far the best!! Seriously, air acrobats plus diving.... Absolutely amazing. Very expensive, but definitely worth the price.  Great vegas show!
Service was decent, sushi was ok.
Besides a cool atmosphere, this place has nothing else. Food took way too long and was not good. Wouldn't go back.
Best espresso. Was a great stop in the morning for some caffeine and to warm up. Very kind service too. Don't forget to ask for coffee art!
WAY TOO LOUD. WAY TOO CROWDED. Went on a Monday night in December; only 1 level was open; outside was boring. I will not be returning.
Great place for Mexican food - yummy food, friendly service and cheap prices!
The best part of this bar is definitely the mechanical bull!  There's also free popcorn and some fun drink specials. The ambiance isn't totally unique or the scene super awesome, but if you have a large group its a lot of fun to watch your friends attempt to stay on the bull. Anyone can ride for free!
Service 5 stars, food 4 stars, atmosphere 3 stars. This is a BBQ and Pizza place with a full bar. I had the thin sliced beef bbq sandwich. It was great. The meat had good flavor and the sauce was very good. Much better than Hickory River. \nThey also have a small salad bar.
An utter parade of humanity in this store. Also, it's a mess. Still, the staff are great and the parking is ample.
This is another very good Charlotte Library.  The wireless connectivity is quite good.  The collection of music and movies is very good. (South Regional might be a little better)  This is an oasis in the commercial wasteland that is Southpark.
How very disappointing to take a Massachusetts guest to the Phoenix Zoo only to find that 6 of their 11 Encounters, Tours and Experiences were closed. They did tell us one was closed but failed to mention the other 5. Be sure to contact them before you go! Even the seasonal (yes, summer items) were closed.
I've been trying to find good pizza since I moved to Vegas 6 months ago. I still haven't found it. The sauce was ok, otherwise the pie that I ordered with meatball toppings was burnt and bland. It wasn't even edible, so I definitely would not recommend it or go back.
For the price of the wings I was expecting more chicken on the wings.  I've had better wings elsewhere.
Dave, one of the technicians at Desert Pool is very unprofessional and rude. He was very condescending to both my wife and in addition to quoting us a price and then once he started the work he tried to increase the price on us!  I would suggest calling anyone but them.
I use to eat here all the time after a while everything started to change customer service and food went downhill, it takes them for ever to get my drinks n food isn't right last time we went it took them over 15 mins to get my drinks the place was empty  don't understand what took so long.
Yummy tacos. Open late. People I ate there with last night are still raving about how good their food was. Have a variety of different meat to choose from
Excellent service. The staff is very friendly. super clean too! The $35 furama pedicure is worth it. It includes callus removal, sugar scrub and hot stone massage. amazing. The normal pedicure can be $15 (express) or $20 (basic) Big fan of this place.
This location has the worst employees I have seen at any Subway location ever. They all seem super bummed out to be there and waiting on their next break. Not very pleasant or friendly. I keep going back since I work right next door, and plus, Subway is always a good easy lunch no matter what location.
Tried Gyro House for the first time today.  I really liked it and will be back.  I had a  gyro it was very good with salad which was  also very good.  I also tried the falafel which I loved.  The restaurant is clean. That is a plus in my book.
Great place to go to for happy hour and cheap food/drinks.  Parking might be an issue if you go at their peak times.  You might have to park your car at the nearby Safeway lots and walk over.  Great service and delicious food/drinks, can't go wrong with it.
Stopped in for lunch, banh mi was good.
Love this place! Good vibes super friendly employees & great ambiance. \nThe Greek yogurt frozen yogurt has 7g of protein! Yum!! Perfect post work out snack! Definitely coming back more often!
Beautiful and clean Safeway in Tempe. The medicine and liquor aisle are in their own section and the shelves are all lit! It was beautiful! Will definitely go here again.
I'm a bit confused about this place- I had fun in the early hours of the night, but as the hours passed the creeps came out and the music would'nt change from house.  People were having a blast though.  I'm glad we didn't pay to get in.
Food was OK, service was very bad. gave up waiting for my dessert and had them take it off the bill and i left. will not be going back
Went there with a group of people. the portions where huge! Half of us liked the food, and the other half just thought it was OK. The jerk pork and chicken weren't that tasty. But the pork BBQ was great, as were the sweet potatoes and rice.
It was a good place to walk around after a meal; however, there were not enough shops to get interested.  My husband, especially, was not impressed at all.
Had a very nice mushro bisque with creme fraiche.  Bread was not particularly special nor was my dry aged new York strip which was 2-3 steps over cooked.  The fig tree has a slightly pretentious atmosphere given the modest surrounding area and facility.  I was expecting more but wasnt necessarily disappointed.
Awesome!!!
Great food , friendly people . Big guy pizza Chef always welcome you  making us  feel like home.Terrific kitchen Chef and staff. For sure a place to return.
Sushi was average at best. Poor service. Hoping they will straighten out the issues at the restaurant.  It's a shame because of the great location. Try Baku or Cowfish.
Just gross.
Food is delicious
Solid & nice place for Italian food. Lovely atmosphere & good location just off the Square. Portions are huge and prices are reasonable, especially given portion size!
You can't go wrong. And delivery. It's good. And they are super nice too. Very clear on the phone for the accent impaired.
This is the best ENT in town....if you were referred there, it was your lucky day....Dr. Heiland has great bedside manner and truly cares what is ailing you and how he can help.....I highly recommend this practice...
A nice old school Sushi restaurant. Very relaxed feeling, not the uppity type place where you feel not worthy of their time. Very good sushi and very good prices. The chefs were very entertaining and fast. Saki bombs are always best when shared w/the chefs! Soju shots can really sneak up on you!
Mama said is basically a revamped corner shop. I have no idea why they decided for the funky exterior as the interior is pretty much something you find in every neighbourhood. It has some fresh food, and your average snacks and canned drinks, but definetely not what I was expecting as far as food choice went.
$7.99 with a players card.\n Hamburgers made to order are okay. Roast beef carving station not enough to justify regular price of 10.99. Main St. Better value.
Most disgusting attitudes from staff and Dr's. And treat you with no care or feelings and very discriminating.
Best Thai in Phoenix. Don't let the location or building scare you away. Service was excellent. Papaya salad was amazing.
There is a difference between authentic and antiquated and unfortunately this is the latter. The food was ok but spending HOURS on a weeknight waiting for food in an empty restaurant in the most uncomfortable chair I've ever sat in was not a pleasant experience.
Its pretty good Pho in a nice quiet location, Charming.
Love this place. Worth the thirty min drive. I don't buy CDs but they have everything else I want. Hope this store stays open forever. Especially these days when everything is bought in iTunes.
Best breakfast in town. If you're not there at the crack of dawn, expect to wait in line. Worth it.
State museum is included in the admission price; good for kids; Christmas event is fun too!
My wife and I love this place! Great breakfast! Great service! Feels like county livin!!
You can drink wherever. There's slot machines every 10 feet. And, there's enough bachelor/bachelorette parties to fuel a Roman orgy. Roman?!?! THIS IS AMERICA DAMMIT!!!\n\nUSA! USA! USA!...
I was very impressed with the attention to detail provided by Isaac.   He was very helpful also in giving tips to conserve energy in our home.   He was very reasonable and his report with the pictures was great.   I would definitely use him again and refer to anyone who needs an inspection done.
Great bar to stop in for a few drinks and listen to a chessy cover band!!!
We try to get to all the haunted houses here in LV every season and this one was the best so far. I only wish that did the other 2 on site before the \"gates of hell\".
Great hole in the wall Chinese restaurant.....got my fix for chinese food....been going here for years n still great place to eat.
I believe it's the best bread in AZ.  Sourdough is amazing. Had a veggie-build -your-own sandwich and added avocado and bacon....amazing!  Great Tazo black iced tea. My friend had chicken lentil soup and loved it.  We will be back!
Go QuikTrip!\nTry The Freaking Egg Rolls. Amazing.
Overpriced food and terrible service. There's far too many great Italian restaurants in this town to waste your money and time at this one.
didn't stay here but we gambled because they have penny video poker! Love it
We went there twice because of restaurant .com deals. We tried different items both times and none of the 8 we tried were any good. Not terrible, but certainly not good. \n\nThe service both times was friendly but very slow. I won't be going back, even though I pass by several times a week.
I was impressed, He didn't fix it, but he poured his soul into trying and did not charge me a dime. Unusually polite and professional. I will call him again in the future
place shut down and for the right reasons - dirty, bad service, super expensive and they poured cheap Russian spirits in top shelf brand bottles, drinks were literally strip prices. But one thing was for sure - their falafels were amazing as were the shawarma sandwiches and their pickles. Miss it.
It use to be good, not a fan any more the other clubs on the las vegas strip offer more, not as upscale as the staff thinks it is. It is not really that fun anymore.
Great breakfasts and dinners. I loved the huevos rancheros. The chocolate cookies for dessert are to die for. I'll definitely return!
Baguette Cafe is an awesome casual cafe. The owner, Olivier is very friendly and fun to talk to. I go there whenever I am on that side of town. I call it my \"treat\". Their soups are simply wonderful as are their Panninis.
Today I tried the Chocolate muffin.  Another great item baked fresh at PCroissant.   They also make a great Cr\u00e8me br\u00fbl\u00e9e and excellent breakfast too.
State if the art facility! And the employees are extra friendly. It can't be easy working at subway, but the staff here are always very pleasant and overly friendly.
Cleanest and most we'll kept Ross I been to ! Thank you to all the employees who helped me with my visit ! You made it very pleasant
One of the best Whoppers with cheese I've had in a long time!
Don't be fooled, this place is nothing special! Had a BBQ sand and was nothing but disappointed. Why would anyone go out other their was to do a fried pickle? The sweet potato fries were nearly uneatable, once you got past the greasy exterior I think there was a sweet potato interior.
overall a pretty good restaurant. they don't have any specials for lunch which is kind of a bummer. I recommend getting the ranchero wrap or the plain jane potato.
Grade: C+\n\nSurprisingly decent. Fantastic martinis make this food taste better.
Sens is wonderful. I went on a Friday night, Carlo waited on my friend and I. He was extremely helpful and made lots of good suggestions. He also kept bringing us really good infused sake to try. The Hong Kong Flat Rice was amazing. I will definitely make this a frequent stop.
today was my first time going to that clinic, I was surprised with how gentle and hospitable both the nurse and doctor were when interacting with my puppy.
Appreciate the new location as it is bigger and better than their old one.\n\nBest bun rieu ever. No questions asked.\n\nFriendly and engaging staff too :)
I love this place!  Great food and fast service.   They've been around for quite a while and the quality hasn't change a bit.
This is a solid restaurant choice.  It is tucked Very good ramen.  Excellent honey toast (when baked fresh).
The family and I have been to this location numerous times since it has opened. The pizza (Barro's Special) has always been good and the beer cold. The service is sometimes spotty, but not terrible. It has recently improved. We always dine-in and have enjoyed ourselves. We do recommend to others to visit.
A great Scottsdale staple!  Good bar staff and fun music.  Mike the bartender is my favorite.  Also a place to take visitors.  And a favorite spring training stop.
Stopped in to buy a couple bags of ice.   Counter person said they didn't have any. Spoke with a manager who said sometimes they have it and sometimes they don't.  No one wanted to bag any.
It's THE WAL-MART!! Lol.  I have been going here since I was a kid.  Always have great experience.  Service is always good, more product selections compare to others.  Most product price are better compare to others.
yes I am a fan- and this is yummy. \n\nCreative assortment of dough pockets filled with yummy.\n\nRecommend for groups or even a cheap date.
best burger i have had in awhile i had the hells kitchen, i somehow had low expectations for this place but i was not disappointed
In the past I really enjoyed Great Steak, even though it's not a legit cheesesteak they usually tide me over. However, this particular location was terrible, one of the worst sandwiches I've ever had. Won't be back. EVER.
Ingr\u00e9dients de tr\u00e8s bonnes qualit\u00e9s, le burger est tasty, une bonne place pour savourer rapidement un bon burger !
Great service. I too had high expectations but was let down by the food. We shared several appetizers and main dish. I left wishing I had made my own dinner. \nI usually would try a place more than once but this one. Sorry BT!
I heart their chicken and green chile soup and their bottomless mango iced tea but have yet to find an entree that's worth coming back for...
My boyfriend and I decided to try Bloom after hearing good things about it.  We each got a cupcake.  We were disappointed that the cupcakes were really dry.  They were so dry we just ended up throwing them out.  It was late in the day, but I still expected a good product.
I like this range! Sherri, who checked me in was very nice and friendly. I would come back more often if they weren't so expensive for the daily rate. Their membership and club rates are really way too pricey as well. I wish Green Valley had an indoor range where you could go and shoot without paying an arm and a leg.
I did not have a great experience here. I'm an avid spa goer and just felt the customer service was lacking and my massage therapist gave me a rub down instead of massaging and focusing on the areas I needed. I also thought they could have mats or something cause the floors are dangerously slippery.
Just had breakfast (free with room), it was very good. Pancakes delish! Service was a little slow to deliver food after taking our order, but we weren't in a hurry! Basic diner, but good!
I come here for the olive oil but I always find a few more necessities...like The best Vitamin C powder, cheap bananas and dark chocolate covered almonds with sea salt!  Those are SO yummy!!!  \n\nThe staff is always very helpful!
First off to call yourself a bar and not serve tap beer is a joke. \nThe bartender was rude and inattentive.\nThe pork tacos were disgusting.\n\nthat about sums up my experience.....
I love this place! They have great customer service fast-paced threading your in and out in a jiffy!
Incredibly slow service in the mornings.  I've stood in line for 15 minutes just to order one cup of coffee when there were only 2 other people in line.  They are all very friendly but their multi-tasking abilities are extremely poor.  Not a good combination in that line of business.
Pros: Easy donation drop off. Contentious employees. \n\nCons: Scary neighborhood.
Try the gnocchi. It is diffrent every day.
Excellent food, great people and service. Gotta try this place!  very neat!
I ordered the heavyweight pizza and it was a very lightweight experience that i regret. It was $40 for 1 med pizza and calamari. Way too expensive. Calamari was OK, but the pizza was not good for a place that brags about their pizza skills.
Be carful what you order. I ordered the Fishermans Pie, what I got was a creamy white soup with a few small pieces of sea food. If your going here for the food, don't waste you gas.
Cool atmosphere. Good music, and big selection. Good food and drink variety. Fun place! I would definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to get with friends and have a good time.
At best OK, one entree shared with two beers and a few appetizers was over $100 and this is a cafe style place.  Very expensive for what you get.  Service was good.\nWayne Gorsek
Great choise for fast food
The food is good but its maybe only slightly better than Shish Cafe or Mediterranean Cafe.  The kicker is that the prices at LuLu's border on absurdity.  \n\nThis place very close to our house - and I would love to go there more often - but I just don't think its worth the money.
Yet another gastropub in Lawrenceville.\nPortions are ginormous, not a lot of veggie options, mediocre food served cold, great drink selection though.
Its okay
It's hard not to love this place. Minus the occasionally rude hostess, the food, service and general ambiance here is wonderful. Artful lasagna and some of the best seafood risotto exists here at Lupo in Mandalay Bay. Homemade pasta and warm Italian donuts? Yes please!
alot older adults here clubbin like theyre in the late 20s...all actin' a fool here, but its vegas...its whatever here.  music is okay, and vibe is alright.
Totally edible. This place is unbelievably okay. Not sure what type of high the rest of Yelp was on to give this place 4.5 stars. To all looking for an honest rating: average, decent, lunch worthy- but not every week, Wednesday food
Very tasty and I loved the texture of the ramen noodles. The chasiu had such great flavor, I loved it.  Great find off the strip at an affordable price. Definitely order a side of the gyoza as well.
Best pho in Las Vegas! Take a moment to get to know the owners - very cool. Makes me wish I was Vietnamese. That skinny man has some stories! Ask him about his motorcycle accident. Free crispy rolls with a check-in after 5pm. Great prices and a good foot massage place a few doors down.
The atmosphere and location are great, but the ice cream itself is really nothing special. I've had better... from the gorcery store...
The hibachi was above average but a word of advice to the owners. Your restaurant is in Bloomfield not Oakland so a grand opening special that only applies to students is going to alienate more potential customers than it's going to draw in.
The deep dish pizza is good.  I prefer Oregano's sauce (which is spicier) but this sauce is probably more authentic.  The specialty pizza options were interesting.  I got takeout so could not comment on the service.  Overall I would not hesitate to return if I was in the area.
CASH ONLY! Good Chicago dog and GREAT Italian beef with sweet peppers!  The Chicago dog had oodles of toppings... almost so much that the flavor of the dog was somewhat lost.  The Italian beef was moist and flavorful!  Would definitely go again!!
This place was okay one thing I did notice the food was not fresh and I think I should've just made a sandwich other than that customer service was good I think the company is cutting back on their freshness
The Courtyard chain typically is above average and this one WOULD except that as a businessman their internet connection is horrible.   For two days I could not get online with their wireless.    Other than that this is a fine hotel and well run.
The grilled cheese was pretty good but $18 for all you can drink Bloody Marys is a bit much. I'd try more food there for sure though.
Felipe, the bartender, makes the best red sangria.  During Happy Hour, it's $15 for a pitcher and it's not watered down.  It's a party in your mouth.  Just make sure you share!
Their steak was REALLY good!\nI had a rabbit, it was ok, but not so good as a steak though :-) \nA bit pricey.\nGood for a date night.
I took my wife there to see we bought a zoo, the movie was great and this place unbelievable. it was the best movie going experience i have ever had. they bring your drinks and food to you and you get to pick your seats before you go in there and it is on a really nice neighborhood too. i totally suggest this place to everyone.
A must whenever I'm in Scottsdale. I almost always let the waiter bring me whatever they recommend. I honestly don't think I've looked at the menu here for more than a minute or two. Margaritas are amazing and the real deal.
Mediocre food, but great service. Lots of comfy seating with great views of different TVs and games.
Cool place for beers and sports. Not so great food. Chicken tasted like it was boiled then grilled. Pizza was undercooked. They got us a new one which was okay. Our server Victoria was really nice though.
Big fan of the chicken parm here but the best thing about this Italian restaurant is the pizza! Great sauce and not to much of it, probably the best thin crust I've had on the west coast and the prices are reasonable.
I wanna like this place, but service is so horrible.  Never a manager in sight either.  Waitress forgot appetizer, forgot to bring wine, i actually went to ar and picked up myself and glass was dirty.  Been several times and lways the same.  Chilis no more.
Convenient location on East blvd!  Do not miss the wings, chips and pizza rolls!  The rolls are a must try!  Also must try the pimento cheese fries.  The beer selection is awesome!  As a wine drinker they have recently update their wine selection.  Great prices, lots of TVs, and good company!
Not much in clothes but did find a couple of board games, 1/2 off.
Second best cirque du soleil in Vegas taking place in the MGM grand
I love their pad thai I have tried diff places and this has def been my favorite. \n\nI order online it's quick and easy!!!
Saw Garth, excellent venue, excellent show.
Food is great. I eat here a few times a week and never get sick of it. The juices are good too. Make sure you pick up a frequent diner card.
this place opened a year ago and I've had a fun time there. Every Saturday they have normal people selling collectables, that are usually from comic-con. you can also go over there and sell your own collectibles there like comic books, games, toys, and more.
Pizza was ok, it was thin and dry...... haven't had anything else besides the pizza, as that was eh
Ordered the halibut and it was phenomenal. Even though the venue is inside I really like the \"outdoor seating\". Food was very quick. I would definitely come back.
I live right up the street and eagerly awaited the opening of Calistro last year.  Blech.  Been there three times, three times too many.  Food is not good, ridiculously overpriced, service is confused.  I really wanted to love Calistro, but I don't.
This place is great for a big group of people. We originally thought we were going to have 6 people. We ended up having 11 by the time everyone showed up. The staff was more than happy to accommodate us. The Kota Athenian chicken is very good. The price range is moderate. All in all a fantastic place.
Been there twice... the food is disgusting. Literally tastes like the McDonald's of BBQ. I will never go back.
Best burger and shake I have ever had. Great atmosphere and friendly staff. I kept it simple with the dbl meat dbl cheese and a spiked Salty Caramel shake. Awesome!
Hands down!! The best Indian cuisine in Charlotte, NC!! And believe me, I've looked!  I heart this place!!
$8 for the following;\n1/8 cup of gummies\n1 sucker ($1 here that are 10/$1 elsewhere)\n1 pack of pop rocks ($1.99).\n\nThey took the fun out of fun candy shops :(
hovering between 3 and 2 stars. Great look to this place, but, as many others have said the drinks are bit pricey.\n\n I found the servers pretty abrupt as well.
Reasonable prices great selection friendly staff probably my favorite grocery store !!
Absolutely average food. Went for taste of Montreal. The restaurant could have tried a little harder to bring diners back. Too many other much better restaurants in Montreal
Another great hair cut from my man Craig at Elliott & Co. Most professional barber shop in Vegas.
AYCE Korean buffet. Was craving to try Korean buffet, finally I went. Been hearing good reviews about this place. I wasn't at all impressed with the buffet, made me regret going there. They even charge for the drink. Not going back there.
This is my absolute fav place to get fresh mex in las vegas. People are always nice, food is always good, and it's cheerful and clean. Fish tacos are amazing and I never get sick of them. Bean burritos are my kids favorites. I've never had a bad meal and the price is good.
The pizza is ok. The tomato chunks are delicious and the pepperoni too. But they don't bake it and the stuff all slides off the crust. Overloaded too much with cheese . Not horrible but certainly not the best.
I like this place but they closed without notice today. I brought bunch of friends...
Update to my post. I set the dollar value at $$ but that was with my groupon. The value is a bit higher than that if you have an appetizer, 2 entrees, desert and wine as our Groupin did. Still excellent food
This hotel is three blocks from a metro station and seven blocks from a lot of restaurants and bars.  The rooms were wonderful and the pool and gym on the Penthouse were great for views.  However, there were only two very slow elevators for the entire hotel.  Walk up the stairs when you can.
It wasn't great, it wasn't terrible. It was entirely forgettable. I'd rather drive the extra 2 minutes around the corner to get to Serrano's.
LOVE the plantains...  yes, plantains...  I order the fish tacos all the time when I go for lunch just to get them...  Must have\n\n.
Decent diner but nothing special really. Perhaps it is a great diner with Montreal measures but, I don't think it's much to write home about.
Honestly I was hesitant to try the cold toppings, but I was glad I had it.  I have had NY pizza, Chicago pizza and this was totally different.  No grease dripping off the pizza.  Nice change from the norm.
Best torta ever!!! La del rey is just an explosion of flavors!!! I wish the grilled onions and chiles werent extra. Do yourselves a favor and buy the restaurant.com coupons. Saves you money when its 3 or more peeps with you.
The owner seems like a nice guy, but the other person who works there is bad enough I won't come back.
Woooo!!!! Love this place!!! Missed ir soooo much. Havent had it in years. Since i moved to Vegas. Best fastfood FRIES!!!!!! Hands down
BEST mediterranean in the east valley!!
Came here for breakfast burritos. Was rushed through order and the burritos were not impressive. Eggs were hard and tortilla was hard. \n\nWon't go back.
Yes, it was a bit difficult getting an appointment, but she was moving and had been gearing up to participate in the Mrs. Nevada pageant. When I finally did get in for my Wow! facial, she was so lovely and spirited I of course forgave the delay. The facial was nice but $85.?
Awful. Luggage took over an hour to show up. The shuttle services are solely paid services (hotels do not provide free shuttles for their customers) and generally terrible. Use a taxi to get to your hotel!
The old house, yes.  The decor, yes. The view, yes.  The cover, meh. The drinks, meh.  Service, meh.  Attitude, over it-gurl!!
A tiny neighborhood park that holds many wonderful memories from my childhood.
Update: I eventually had to have my bank reverse the deposit charge advantage hasn't refunded after 26 days. Unreal. Beware.
I will dream about this place until my next trip to Vegas.  Foodie heaven......!
The menu had many great options and the pricing was fair. We enjoyed the craft beer and appetizers. However, the service was slow and almost nonexistent.
Best gyro and fries in the South Hills! The price is incredible for the portion size and the fresh potato fries. This place is a gem in Castle Shannon.
Amazing Chiropractor! Impossible to find one with greater skill and value in this area. I first saw Dr. Richetto when he was at the joint and I was happy that I was able to track him down! Understands bodies like mine with 30+ years of weight training. Highly recommended!
Wow! Really overpriced ugly pieces! Don't ever shop here! I don't know how this place is still in business. Ridiculous!!!
Pretty upset that I bought a round trip ticket but I was told the return shuttle was full and they only have shuttles every hour ugh. What a waste of money
Food was great. Service was horrible. The waitress was annoyed and short with us. She took our order & never came back by once. We won't be back to this location.
Eh.  Meh.  Amateur Veg cooking.  No salt.  Veggies cooked inconsistent.
This place has my favorite rib tips and side bread. The price is very reasonable and they serve a large amount of food for their price. I didn't give it a five because the restaurant is small and kind of dirty. So I do take puts for most of them times.
Been coming here for 10 years. Always tasty and the lady behind the glass is nice as hell! :)
Umm...don't know what the deal with this place is. Claim to be open certain hours, but every time I visit within those hours, they are closed...
i hate to admit it. but i'm more impressed with the seasonal cocktails, the charming decor and the waitstaff than the actual food the restaurant provides.\n\nstill, i think this place offers an excellent and much-needed service to the vegetarian/vegan crowd.
Great place for breakfast. Food was very good and the prices were reasonable. The staff members were very attentive. Would definitely visit again.
Food was average but cost was over the top. Waitress was great and location very convenient between the hotels.
This grooming shop is closed. I believe Troy moved out of state.
Great salon in the northwest valley! Very open and spacious, everyone is very friendly every time I've been in there. Easy access off the 101 & Union Hills.
Here only to see a friend of mine as the food is crap. Order a Jack and Coke only to find out they are out of Jack Daniel's. How do you not have a common alcohol such as that in stock? Is this the owners first restaurant? I long for the days when service and food stood for something.
Great meal. Very authentic Chinese - best I've had since my last visit to China. The Sichaun Dumpling are worth the visit on their own. Service very helpful and attentive as well.
place is amazing! best pad thai ever! It also fairly inexpensive especially for lunch :)
great food & top shelf wait staff. authentic Japanese dining experience. Butter clams were awesome & the yakitory & chicken balls reminded me of the food I loved in Ginza.....great place for food & beers.
Always tasty takeout, and they make my chicken and broccoli to order.
Even though this place is off the \"touristy\" Royal Mile, it really has great food. My husband and I ate there twice, dinner and breakfast, and both were delicious. I have to say that the Traditional Scottish breakfast was one of the best breakfasts of the trip.
Great staff beautiful property and check out the resturrant DJT you will enjoy it. The concierge at the Trump a very helpful.
Good Burger, and Great Service.\nThe Arizona Peach Ale is my favorite!
They make up stories about already being in the neighborhood and have trucks about.... Yeah right. They are basically just a bunch of punk door to door used car salesmen.  And if you say no, they will just come back again the next day and bang on your door over and over.
I don't appreciate yelp posting this bar for every search I do obviously they are paying money to be the top search\nWait to poison the authenticity of this website
I was a little disappointed with Eldorado Grill but definitely plan on going back to give it another chance because it had potential.
I really wanted to like this place. Good pork taco but carne asada had a lot of gristle (spelling?) in it. They did not have ANY chicken cooked and said it would be 30-45 minutes. Oh well. Better luck next time.
Ups and downs here but overall the food is good. The decor does not fit at all but not a big deal. Waited about 5 mins before anyone acknowledged us. The food and pizza is good but definitely pricey. The customer service is not the best, but the food makes up for it.
Lunch menu is tasteless and borderline plastic - specifically the salad with char and orecchiette with chorizo. Having travelled the world and a foodie myself - I have high standards and always love trying out new places. Sorry folks at Racines, but the lunch menu needs work.
Amazing service. Everyone is really friendly. I have introduced this place to many of my friends and now they are regulars. This place is by far the best salon in the area. Salon is actually beautiful, especially the one on Power.
this place is very good, better than most Chinese places outside of spring mtn. try it. nice servers.
Awesome food. Great staff. Big foot breakfast could feed a family.
Was connecting through PHX on 3/8 and had the Blue Corn Chicken Tacos. The chicken had the consistency and taste of an old leather shoe with the price of new Nike's. Would not recommend, but was the only choice at the time.
For the neighborhood they're in this post office does an awesome job at what they do. The clerks are friendly and efficient and the facility always gets cleaned so there are a few days each week when you can smell the cleaning crew has been there !
All the food is great.. We had sliders, calamari, tacos, and some type of bruschetta w/meat.
The menu is ultra simple: just two kinds of simple salads and steamed or fried dumplings. There are a good variety of dumplings though and they are cheap. Our favorite was the unusual beef and curry flavor. Between the four of us we ate 45 dumplings!
Their so called over night staff is Never there. you are paying extra for someone to be caring for your sick pets or boarding pets during the night? HA what a joke. The kennels are always dirty as well  over priced care.
This was an unexpected surprise.  Having been to many similar restaurants I had reserve expectations but after everybody started to dig in we quickly began to offer tastes of our dishes to share the amazing food.
Did Venetian/Palazzo for shopping and a meal.  I actually prefer the Venetian.  They had liver performances in \"square\" that were good and just sitting and having a bite, enjoying the entertainment and people watching was enjoyable even if locals would call it 'touristy\".  So what?  Tourists come here for a reason.
Hard to run what could be a great bar when you have thugs talking to girls like trash calling them \"bitches\" and supposed managers and bouncers encouraging and reinforcing such crude behavior. Sad a group of 12 attorneys were treated so badly by such ignorance.  Good luck. Down the tubes you shall go.
4.5 stars because the 2 for one deal is great and you can get a stuffed pizza and a free regular pizza, too. \n\nThe stuffed pizza is about the best I've ever had..  Sausage is sooooo tasty.  Crust is so yeasty and good.
Not too bad, but considering I had not eaten here up to very recently in the almost 10 years I've worked within a block I must say I was a tad disappointed.  Think I'll try again to see if maybe I just came on an off day.
PT's is overall a great little chain of bars food throughout the Valley.  The have a location on almost every major street at some point or another.  PT's delivers your full-bar and draft brews along with a nice list of both starter items and full entrees.
Good pizza but horrible service. Very rude on the phone when asking questions about their specials. Will call another pizza place that can take the time to talk to me. Will not order from here again.
Mornings are terrible trying to get in  and out of the parking lots!
For the price, too many interruptions during the meal. But hey, that's their claim to fame, right?  And the food's not that good.
Service at the pie counter was quick. A slice of pie and ice cream cost about $5. The mixed berry crumb is to die for! The portion was huge. I've always wanted to stop here and I'm so glad we finally did. I also loved all of the funky decorations.
UGGGGH. It is red Lobster what do you expect? Red Lobster is the Denny's of seafood. It is garbage with a ton of salt on it. It is not going to change. No matter who thinks it is \"Good\" it isn't.
Awesome beer selection, half off happy hour, and a friendly staff. The meatball sliders were a tasty twist in comparison to the standard bar menu. After a terrible experience at ten penny this was a relief. Definitely recommended.
Booked my hotel on Priceline.com for $50.   Hotel is dated but for the price I can't complain.
Under New Management
Great food and a comfortable bar area, even with kids.
Sushi was good.\n\nService was slow.\n\nNot bad if you have some time to waste before a movie, but not really worth it if you are traveling specifically to come here. There are better locations for sushi nearby.
Beautiful and full of beer.  I ordered fried Brussel Sprouts.  People are friendly.  Oh yeah... It's in a church.
My husband was in horrific accident and life flighted to trauma center at umc in Las Vegas. We were referred to palace hotel. What a mistake. Felt they misled us several times on price   Never discussed resort fees, etc. will never step foot in this place!!!
This is such a clean, well-run airport.  I was surprised with how quickly i made it through security and how friendly everyone is with as many people as they get flying in and out of here.  My only complaint is that the wait staff in the restaurants are slow.  Not really a complaint of the airport itself.
Closed after less than 2 months.  The pizza was okay for Las Vegas but I miss Three Brothers which was in the same location 3 years ago.
Way overpriced. $15 for a smoothie. Even by strip standards this was way overpriced. The smoothie was ok but nothing special. On top if that, the cashier was drunk.
Ive worn glasses all my life and have been to a ton of eye dr's but Dr Meharry is the best!
Had guests from out of state so we visited Four Peaks for lunch on Saturday. None of us were disappointed. I could become a regular here!
Been here a handful of times spaced out by a month or so.  Each time the service and food is forgettable.  Using the usual Caldo yellow chicken msg broth and a mediocre recipe, along with the untimely response to bring out my order, I won't be coming back here.
So worth a visit! We visited on Saturday and they had a groups singing, dancing and playing music, as well as various live demonstrations and vendors. Although my favoriate aspect was the juxtaposition of the ancient ruins against the modern Phoenix skyline.
I love Papa Murphy's. Their thin crust pizza is delicious. I love that you can create whatever pizza you want with their varied ingredients. It is also inexpensive. It's the best option for pizza in Anthem as far as I'm concerned.
Amazing food!
Wanted this to be a great experience but it was pretty gross. Bad organization and rude staff with the exception of the bartender. I usually stay at the Bellagio so I shouldn't have set any expectations for the Mirage.
worse than dog food :(
problems:\n1. noise level is high\nthe walls are thin and cannot block the noise\n\n2. parking is 12 dollars\n\n3. internet is 10+ dollars\nthis is insane\n\nbut the service is good and the location is so convenient
This is one of the better Ross stores in my area (meaning within 15-20min) seems to be clean and well stocked when I visit most times. \n\nEmployees have always been kind, courteous and helpful. Always a good variety of items in stock, things seem to be pretty organized for the most part.
Such a memorable night! So fun for celebrating a birthday with the girls, especially when your friend gets chosen to participate in a contest onstage! The picture purchase with the cast afterwards was worth every penny!
Some of the best sushi I've had in the valley (and I've tried a LOT) We will definitely be coming back. Good prices, good service, fun atmosphere, and great food.
Sat at the bar and watched a football game. Wife liked the margaritas and friendly wait staff.
This is a great clothing store. Trendy, and affordable. This is the kind of place you stop by on a friday afterwork to get your outfits for whatever you got going on that weekend. Lots of cute accessories too. I've never come here & left empty handed.
We went because of the high recommendations. I wish we would have walked out as soon as we saw the tacky decor. Each meal is large enough to feed an entire family if that family wants a low quality meal. They definitively stress quantity over quality.  I suggest passing on this one.
I came here last night with a bunch of my bf's colleagues.  They had the outside area reserved and there were bottles of tequila at the tables.  Yeah....drink all day by the pool, followed  by drinks a party at Mandalay and then add tequila.\n\nSorry Liver!
just simply put. stay away from this place!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Simply the best fast food chain...period.  The food is always delicious and consistent, and the customer service is outdone by no one.  The Double Double is absolute perfection.
The food was bland. I think they poisoned me too. If you value your life don't go here.
Below average the duck was cooked here yesterday or the day prior. The rice has too much water. The bok choi with garlic was good. The bill was 26.00 for me with no drink. It was a lot of money for average food. Only came here because the other restaurants didn't open this early.
I adore McQueen.  The story is roomy, good selection of merchandise.  The salespeople, huh? do they even know who Alexander McQueen was?????  Very poor customer service and lack of product knowledge.  Lee would be mortified.
Food was very good. Staff very accommodating. Sauces are good but the bottle doesn't have a spout, just be aware. Definitely recommend and will go back.
Wow you are at their mercy. Waiting 3 hours from check in to even be seen for preoperative.  No communication just told this is the way it is.... so far not impressed.
Stopped by here post Art Walk on 10/8 at Sunnyslope. I loved the atmosphere. Very relaxing, loved the chairs...so inviting. Great place in the neighborhood to relax, and unwind.
Excellent sushi! Great, friendly people working there too.  Loved it.
Late night service was just bad. They were under staffed but really not an excuse. The sushi was borderline indelible. It took 20 minutes to get a waiter and another 20 to get drinks and another 20 to get our food. Wow. It was an experience I want to forget.
Love coming here.  Great service, neat little grocery area (more eclectic stuff than actual groceries), and the food is awesome (simple menu but delicious).
Clean on the inside. Looks big but only went inside to get gas so I didn't really get to see how big the whole store was. Somewhat cheap gas for the Scottsdale area.
Can't say I've ever had a great experience here, but they have a good selection and fair pricing so I put up with their crappy service and the occasional returned item.
Was just there for 2 holiday flavor latee's. Both were Luke warm  and weak until we got to the bottom of the cup. Then all the syrup was laying in the bottom. For some reason it didn't get mixed. Back to Starbucks for me now.
Service - 8\nAtmosphere - 7\nFood - 8\nVegetarian Friendly - 8\nGeneral Awesomeness - 8\n\nWonderful place for a sit down, and an amazing deli counter as well.
Very friendly and helpful staff. Prices are a bit on the high side and no negotiations in pricing.  I've been in there many times over the past year (this week included) but have yet to find a deal I couldn't pass up..... but I have faith.
Creative nails is not the same anymore. I stopped coming here.
I ordered mahi mahi and it was basically a fish omelette. The egg batter overpowers the fish.
Rooms are old and dingy. Stuff was broken in my room but they fixed it in a day. Crappy TV, no Wi-Fi - have to use a long lan cable. Casino is ok, some low limit tables which I like. Some decent clubs in the hotel. One of the decent cheaper hotels.
Can this place get any BETTER I try to go once a week and the Food is always amazing and consistent.  If you havent tried this Classic Burger PALACE you have to go definetely worth it...
First time here-interesting menu.
Bithchy Hostess should have been the warning to stay away this is for sure a chicks place to eat small portions of food with high prices. Mac and Cheese with lobster is ok meatballs ok Just not enough ever served.
Fun times!  Had a great day!  Took us to all the great bars!  Can't wait to do it again
Sister of Thai House. Nothing better or worse.
Would have been 5 stars if they had more stuff on the menu but what they do have was all really good! Had a few items off the menu
I take my dog and cat to be groomed and I am always satisfied.  Andy does a very professional job.  I have been going there for about four years.
Seriously? On opening night for Authority Zero,  it's 103 outside at 10:08 pm. Inside, no AC.  Imagine sweaty, hot, drunk, excited adults ready for a show. Bad combo. Bad opening.  Shame.
I get food here once in a while - it isn't bad. The selection can be shotty if you get there late in the day but overall I think the food is pretty good. I'm not sure why Yelp lists the neighborhood as the Hill District, this is downtown.
Bathroom was so grosss. Toliet paper every where dirt on the floor and even pee on one of the toliets. I looked on the bathroom check sheet and acording to there wasnt a bathroom check since 1200 and it was 9 at night. Bad service
Went in for a haircut. Nice place. Multiple barber chairs. 1 barber. He seemed irritate that I showed up at 2pm on a Monday. Told me I MUST have an appointment to be seen, which wouldn't be for several hours.  I won't be visiting that place again.
Not really the warmest service but always prompt and delicious.
I came in to get some heels repaired and the staff was so friendly. The service was amazing. They only charged me $12 for a pair and told me I could pick it up later that evening. I was so happy!
Anything on this menu that says \"green chile\" is going to be delicious.
Service, excellent. Food just edible. Place feels a little dirty, sticky tables and seats. Won't come back. Been to far better Streets of New York restaurants.
there is no better yogurt.
VERY pleased with their service and commitment to the customer.  Excellence in punctuality and aim to satisfy.  All around awesome company!!
Typical dollar store.  Lots of junk but I usually find some little \"treasure\" when I shop there.  They do keep this store fairly clean and the staff is actually pretty friendly.  No high end stuff here obviously but you can get a $25 book for $1 which is a good deal.
What can you expect from airport food? Granted, they do have a good selection. Prices are high per usual but there is ample seating and they give you ice water instead of redirecting you to a fountain. The food was so-so. But again, what do you expect?
Nice desert setting. Good for out of town guests.
Had a chai tea with almond milk and boba, it was great. the service was nice and the price was fair.
Look up at the ceiling. Wait, is that the sky??? I thought I was inside! Yeah, that's common, I suppose given the painting and the facades. The shops are cute, and there are so many options. Even the super expensive ones are fun for window shopping.
Stopped in for breakfast, nice sized portions for the price, but it is average diner food at best.  Everyone seems to know everybody and the locals must really like it because it was busy, but it was overwhelmingly average.
Great ambience and food.
Good food but the service could use some help.  I think the portion sizes could go up or the prices should come down.  You shouldnt leave a place hungry after spending $38.  \n\nI would rate them lower but I have had good meals here.
Quality ingredients, great variety and super friendly. Our family has tried soups, sandwiches, juices and salads all delicious. Great all around daytime food and environment!
great job on nails, but too expensive for my taste for a basic mani and pedi.
Karen was super helpful. \n\nGreen apple yogurt ice tea was my choice today. A little sour kick to it. Delicious. \n\nAlmond ice tea. Pretty good. Normal. Haha.\n\nwill Definitely go again next time i'm in Vegas!
Got in quick, got out in a reasonable amount of time for what was being done.  Got a list of stuff that needs to be done to car...stuff I already figured needed.  They got a new manager who used to be just an employee, and lots of coupons online to help out.  Plus they weren't pushy and very friendly
Great stay\n\nA comfortable bed paired with a friendly staff is always win when it comes to hotels.\nSpringHill didn't miss the mark there. . My room was immaculate and all the ammenities and he's promised were in place.
Had lunch here with my husband \nhe had a beer which he said was great and an awful tasteless burger \nI had a salad also tasteless \nDon't waste your money
Their dishes are pretty delicious and healthy for the most part; give or take an ingreient or two.  Great service.
Do not go there for the food.  It is an overpriced disappointment.  Ambience is okay.  If you sit in the bar area, the music is too loud for conversation.
We used a groupon to eat at Hussongs. and the service was great. But the food was not. The chips are really bad. And the food tasted like something out of a box. If you are not familiar with Mexican food you'll probably be fine eating here, but if you like good Mexican food, this is not your place
Very tasty! For the main course, I had red wine braised Bone-Less \"Australian\" Kobe beef short ribs. It is crispy Kobe bacon, roasted root vegetables and gingered mashed potato with red wine sauce. The dessert was alright, but the ambiance was really nice. Good drink selection too.
The most basic/minimal of necessities. I guess this place has really fallen on hard times, as it is borderline slummy (no such word but there should be). Only stay here if you can't find anywhere else. I'd give it zero stars if this was an option.
Not much in the way of products, tried their lips balms, Green Beaver was a bust, they no longer carry it, too many complaints. Their Crazy Rumours line is great , their Cheeky line of mineral make-up not so. Best to just keep going in from time to time and checking out their stock.
Le Thai is a cute little place...the pad thai was not seasoned well (too salty)  but the spice was good (not too hot).  Love the ambience - indoor/outdoor seating was really unique.  No wifi was disappointing.
My father in law just stayed there and he has his license plate stolen off the car. So much for their security. They are disabled plates from Ca, and so now we are going to have to come up with replacement cost not to mention the time at the DMV.
LOVE their mole!! Best I've ever had-good spice, a little smoke, very tasty! Service is okay, drinks are okay, salsa is good! So glad they survived the light-rail construction-don't know what I'd do without them!
3 stars and that's being generous.  Mongolian beef and Sweet/Sour chicken were both soupy and swimming in some kind of MSG laden gelatin.  I really wish I could say better things about this place and I really wish I could find some dependable Chinese in Phoenix.  Suggestions anyone?
Decent for lunch, i usually do not have a lot of time, and it feels like anything other than a salad takes forever. \n\nI
This is by far my long-standing favorite for food at the Memorial Library carts.
Good for a quick and easy meal.  It's a lot like Chipotle.  Although it's pretty good, I still think Chipotle is better.  The service was great.
It's not Taqueria Guadalajara, I'll tell ya that much. \nBut it's better than a Doritos Locos at 2am and that says a lot coming from a guy who's a 2am Doritos Locos connosuier.
The Kobe beef burger cooked medium was second to none.  The french fries with cheeze whiz were the best fries I have ever tasted.  The service was good and the online service to see how long of a wait you have is an excellent tool.
Stopped here to get some food real quick. I had a Santa fe Chicken Sandwich. It was not anything special. The place was kind of overpriced too since they food is not that good. Go here if you are desperate for some grub.
This place has the worst help ever. Rude! Also, if you correct them when they are putting your vegetables on incorrectly, good luck! Only go here because it is close to my building.
Ate here a month or so ago and totally forgot to review it... \n\nI was impressed. Sandwiches were very good. Lots of meat, produce was fresh, prices were fair and the owners(?) went out their way to make us feel welcome. \n\nI'll be back.
Really interesting and fun place to be.
I went there with a friend and the food was very good and healthy for the price we spent. Josh was very nice to us ! thanks Josh and see you when I come back :)
Obnoxious
Slow poor service.made us wait 20 mins for drinks. \nAnd wait for food was like 45 mins. \nStay away.
This place is quickly becoming my secret obsession!  Love me these tamales!! The chicken mole is an absolute must when they have it.
Absolutely the best sushi I have had in a long time. Got 3 special rolls( Cherry Blossom, The Surfer and Samurai). There are a lot of sushi places in charlotte but this is probably one of the better smaller restaurants.
Good for a breakfast with little kids, but otherwise not worth going to.
Good spicy pork taco and lengua.open late night.  Avocado cream sauce delicious.
Nothing epic here. Would rather go to a savers and that's saying something. Sure they are clean because they have nothing. Huge empty store. Mostly clothing with what looks like broken and parks of electronics and toys, mostly clothing.
Seemed like a nice pet grooming service.   Took our two puppies there and they were responsive and the place seemed clean upfront.  The dogs looked good three hours later and they were done on time.  Will go back.
Gisoo and Vaneeza were a pleasant surprise. Great color and style/haircut. They listen to what you want. Super clean salon, very friendly staff. Glad I found them. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed. Massaging shampoo felt relaxing.
This is a much more manageable version of Forever 21, where you don't feel overwhelmed by the variety and super long lines... but the quality is pretty much on par and a little more expensive.\n\nI like the cute gift and odd/ends items, good for misc bday stuffers.
Wonderful place to bring your kids for fun and education :-) I love it here!  Very well kept, lots of cool events and classes, plenty of fun things for kids to do. And locals get a discount on admission, which is always great!
Great food! Good atmosphere! They also have a 24hr bar attached which serves the same food and has a happy hour.
I had an enjoyable visit to the resturant because I was with great company.  This buffet has a large variety of food, some good, some not so good.  \n\nI would have kicked in another star but the odor from the restroom wafted into the dinning area.
Stopped in for lunch and drink. Was during the day so it was pretty mellow. My server, who was also the bartender was very helpful and friendly. Made me a great bloody mary and I ordered the stuffed meatloaf. It was fantastic. Definitely going to be stopping in again.
Didn't think that it was all that. The food was a little bland and uninspired, but that seems to be the state of Mexican food here in Vegas... Seriously, do I have to go to Del Taco to get a good chicken taco?
below average pizza and below average customer service...........
Oh my word ... Lobster Pot Pie!  You have to have this dish before you die, and this is a must visit when in Vegas.  Very pricy, but well worth it!  The portion is huge and the flavors are out of this world ... go get it now!
One of the best cheesesteaks I've had since moving from Philly. And unlike other cheesesteaks I've had out here, this place doesn't skimp on the meat. Only criticism is the bread. Should be chewier and maybe slightly toasted.
Good food, great margaritas and good service!  A little pricey for Mexican food but then again you are in Vegas! Good carne asada!
Tasty and huge portions.
When we went here to eat it wasn't as great as reviews made it seem. There were roaches and it smelled like roach spray. The food was real bland. Never will return here again. Seems like nice people but idk... Horrible experience.
It is pathetic place. \n\nI found hair in their sweets but owner was not surprised and just remove the hair and left sweets for other to eat. \n\nAll food was stale. Had stomach issue the other day. \nNever ever go there if you like to eat hygienic food.
Visiting from NY. I'm working on getting my pistol permit in NY which is a long, drawn out process and figured while I was here I should try out two guns I was thinking about buying. Corey was very helpful, professional and made the experience all that much better. I Will definitely be coming back. Thanks again Corey.
It smells nice.\n\nIt's inexpensive.\n\nIt makes a sly dig at the recipient's personal hygiene.\n\nAnd this is yet another place where you can pick up gifts for any menopausal women who make it onto your Xmas gift-buying list.
Good place to go when you are hungry.  My favorite- Brisket sandwich.  Best I have had outside my home state of TX.  Fun atmosphere.
First time here..very good fry bread..A little expensive, I will definitely be back when I'm in the neighborhood.
I'm not a big meat eater but had the bet filet I have has in forever. And the black truffle creamed spinach is a must! Our servers Ryan and Kasey were also an absolute treat! Thanks guys!!
Was to tired too cook so went here the other night.  The staff is great; friendly and attentive.  The burger? Not so great.  Not medium rare as requested and kinda tasteless.  Will probably give it one more try just in case.
I usually enjoyed their bagels and now they even have wifi, but the btl avocado thin bagel...LAME, you seriously don't have wheat thin bagels?
Great studio, but I wish there was a longer package duration.  I travel significantly and finishing a 50 session package within one year was tough.  I now have to spend $25 to extend the package I already paid $500 for...I will follow-up with management and update this review...hopefully
Great cafe in the Palms Hotel and Casino.  Check out their specials.  Service is not 100% (or they would have received another star), but the specials are a great deal.  Nice atmosphere and friendly (if not attentive) staff.
Love this coffee shop!!! Great service never have been disappointed! My never favorite place to hang out with friends and drink a awesome cup of coffee!!
amazing service, professional & super detailed oriented. Couldn't ask for more moving from out of state and finding someone reliable and that can do good job I believe I found the Jackpot with Theresa Paio.
thought all the nicer vegas strip restaurants should have more quality....\nguess i will stick to having sashimi / sushi in LA!!!
Very good food. Choose from the healthy side or the happy side!!! :DD both times I have been here, always a long line but its totally worth the wait!!! Their slaw chee side dish is super delicious! Next time I go, dying to try their slow boat.
Qualtire replace water lines throughout house, had an issue over a year later and they came out and repaired at no charge. Karen was a great help\nAppreciate the service
I love it here. This was what I had to look forward to every summer as a child. It had a little bit for every age group. It had 4 or 5 old wooden roller coaster that I love. Also it has really great food for an amusement park. Would recommend to anyone at any age.
1.5 / 5 - Beef Pho: Kind of bland tasting\n2.0 / 5 - Pork Chop: Not much meat and as much flavor as I'm used to, but still good.
Dump!!!!  Please take a wrecking ball to this place ASAP......  I'd rather sleep on the streets, next to the porn peddlers than ever stay a night in this rats anus...  I just threw up in my mouth thinking about it....
The food was fresh and very good. The menu needs some updating. There was nothing interesting or different and unique to order , except the regular breakfast dishes. It was  a great price and the staff was very friendly.
Food was amazing & portions were extremely fair. Our waitress \"Janis\" was so friendly & gracious. We will definitely be going back
Even with a relatively short layover, I was able to make my connection without using moving sidewalks or transporters. It was exhausting, but it was possible. \nBig, crowded and bustling. But pretty well-run.
Terrible customer service tonight. Unaccommodating staff.
Great fingers, special sauce is tasty, guy behind counter is very friendly.  Decor is too kitschy
I don't ever stay at the bellagio when i got to vegas, and damn have i been messing up. I got a salon suite for the gf bday. The suite was awesome and had a awesome view of the strip. I would reccommend you staying there.
I'll admit it: I like Outback.  However, they are not all created equal.  This one has good food, great service.  They seem to always get the orders right and, like the others, it's still a good deal.
have to say the food was a huge disappointment... fried chicken was greasy,  and flattened boneless..  vodka tonic flat...
Love the color! My new favorite place
Delicious, cheap, great service. I prefer the Pamela's on Walnut better (atmosphere is more quaint, and I love the decor), but I'd totally go back!
Good work! They're great at copying designs from pinterest, and they're pretty quick. It's a bit more pricey than other places, but the location is convenient. I'll be back :)
The sushi here is very good, and reasonably priced for the quality and quantity you get. The contemporary vibe and layout of the restaurant is pleasing, and the service is very friendly. I'm also glad they kept the polished log benches/chairs from the previous incarnation of the establishment.
Not bad. Had spicy tuna and udon soup...and shared gyoza with the table.
Stopped in to pick up a to-go gyro dinner for four. It was fantastic! The meat was juicy and had great flavor and the pitas were soft and warm. Cucumber sauce was tasty as well. Gladly recommend this place to anyone searching for a great gyro at a reasonable price.
The atmosphere in Deuce is awesome. It's just so comfortable. And I'm not sure what it is about this place, but it seems to attract females over males at a 2:1 clip. Each of the three times I've been there I've had a fantastic time.
This place has the rudest staff.  I will never go back.  They screwed up my bill and the girl in billing was so darn rude.  Who hires someone with such a bad attitude?
the staff is not the friendliest, maybe it has to do with the fact that the drum and bass starts at 8am!!! this hotel sucks if you want to sleep in and nurse a hangover!
Excellent food, drinks, service, and ambience. I have not been let down by a dish yet. If you've never been here, I'd highly recommend that you try it. You won't be disappointed.
Bad business practices. Came here with a Groupon to try the place. We received the wrong food, bill was not corrected because we did not receive correct hamburger ( there are only 3 on the menu ), and then they refused the alcohol on the Groupon even though it Groupon includes. No happy hour specials... would not return.
I never knew chicken fingers could be this yummy. Better than any I have ever had. Does not even seem like \"fast food\"...besides the atmosphere of course.\nI hardly ever eat fast food, but these chicken fingers rock!..glad I finally tried it.
A small local restaurant with excellent service and food.  I was seated at a window seat immediately and was promptly served.  The hog and chick was delicious.  Worth a visit if you are staying in the downtown area.
it was....ok\ni like the one in san diego's hillcrest much better\nthe selection wasnt very unique.\nmostly all the same cookie cutted clothing that you could get\nfrom pacsun or somewhere like that.
so delicious always fresh and warm!
An average experience in an average restaurant. They did handle our party of 7 adults + 2 young children graciously, but to order was to slow in delivery given the only half the place was full at mid-day on a Sunday. Most everyone felt their meal was average to good....lots of better choices within a 5 to 10 minute walk
Great theater, with great events and a great staff! The lobby is beautiful, and the theater is spacious!
The food sucks about as much as the wait staff... Do not go there unless you only plan on drinking.
Decent irish food... sometimes the wait staff is more than spacey. great place for happy hour or drinks :)
The Dem party in Arizona is truly wonderful. They push issues that need to be pushed and stand behind their arguments, which by the way, always make sense.\n\nThese people are doing a fine job running our state and should be lauded as genuine people, willing to do the right thing.
Good food and good portions. The atomsphere wasn't that great. Not sure how the drinks were because I just had water. Staff not that friendly.
Carrot Top puts on an awesome show.  He really seems to feed on the audience, and care about really entertaining people.  He is not nearly as raunchy and crude as a lot of the stuff on the Vegas strip, but if you are offended by seeing a dildo used a  a prop for comedic effect this is not the show for you.
Wings were dry and over cooked. One server bartender to over 30 people. Garlic parm sauce was melted butter.  Coleslaw was spoiled. I'll never eat here again. What was good, the beer. Bar rescue where are you? This place needs it.
Pleasant atmosphere. Food was very well prepared and the staff very attentive. Wasn't expecting the quality this restaurant delivered being located in the museum itself.
Great store with a good meat department, very helpful wine dept., and love the soup and salad bar. I feel it's always fresh there. Not great for your everyday shopping needs, but great for your every other day shopping needs.
There was no parking also they refused to valet, was available for diamond members only. Too long line to check in. Not enough staff. Hope the room is worth it.
If I could give 0 stars, I would.  Terrible salesmen.  They are the type that hold your keys until you buy a car from them.  Ended up buying the car, but will not do business with them or any other car dealer again.
Carl's Jr.  Is comfort food from my childhood, and I'll always eat there when I can.
I love the drinks, for the prices good is good and good portion,  service is good, next door candy store .......really good place to stop drink and eat.......
Unfortunately I was not impressed with food quality. I had only ever been to the Cabo San Lucas location, and hoped it was isolated. Food was not great, service was barely available and drinks were ok.
Meh. Its confusing to try and find where to be picked up by a private party, I felt like I walked 4 miles to get from y gate to the parking garage despite the ease of the moving walkways. I rather fly into Vegas than drive from my home in SoCal, but I wish the Airport was a little more user-friendly.
Seriously good. The way to eat. Try a few small plates and all will be good. Bacon wrapped dates, Tuna tartare were awesome, one more, what shall it be?  The Sangria is the bomb.
Good for lunch. The linguine with manila clams were good. However, the grilled chicken panini was just ok. Nothing great.
Rooms were very nice & the hotels location is the best in Vegas!  Tons of great restaurants & the gaming is also fun!
This place was surprisingly delicious. I have to say there was hesitancy when we walked up to the front door and couldn't see anyone at all. However, after the hostess led us into the main dining area the place lit up. Delicious appetizers and a pretty amazing chefs special. Would def recommend this joint!!
Bad service because they never have enough staff so the staff they have is always frantically rushing around, in turn, rushing you when you order! Slow to send the food out and when it comes, it's only \"ok\", nothing to brag about. I won't be going here again.
This was an accidental find while looking for sushi, and I could not be happier. So good that we went back again! Service, food, and prices I thought were 5 stars. Fresh food, cooked perfect! If you are nearby, it is a must go!
You can't beat the 13.99 price! The japchai is godly. Bean paste soup is delicious. The marinated rib eye, beef tongue, and pork belly is to die for. You will not regret coming to this meat paradise.
Friendly staff!
Way cheaper than wal-mart and way cleaner. This is a great store. I went in late and didnt have the coupon, but the clerk gave me the deal on cereal anyway which made me really happy, thus I'm writting this review! Never waste money at Walmart again.
After hearing good things, we were excited to try this place...but it ended up being very mediocre and way too expensive. Stay away unless you are dying for sushi.
Nice and very clean park. Good for field sports or just lounging in the grass. Not alot of equipment, just the regular but its very kept up and a very relaxing park with a view of red rock right behind it.
Absolutely the best, freshest seafood in the valley! I highly recommend the sablefish, which melts in your mouth. The king salmon is of course unbelievable too! Once you try it you'll be hooked too!
A pretty nasty little Walgreens.
Hhm, from what I remember about my two slices, it was \"the best pizza I ever had!!\" (Just kidding, judgement becomes impaired when under the influence) But overall, I enjoyed the fresh and hot slices right out of the oven. Inexpensive for a quality slice and soda!
Changing my original review upon being prompted via email to fill out their online survey. After completing the survey, I received an email directly from the general manager. I will post my experience following the actions taken...
Cheap for vegas. Quality is on level with dennys
Good food but waited nearly an hour to be seated even after calling for reservations.  They're not adequately equipped to host large parties (6+).
That is a great cat they have working, but they only have 3 brands of cat food, all of them expensive.  Funny enough though not as expensive as what I was looking for.  They followed me around like I was going to stuff my pockets and that just ruined the whole mom and pop thing.
car needed to be towed to shop after waiting for one truck i finally gave up and called quick tow they estimated a hour wait but showed within 20 mins...\nthanks guys for getting me to the shop before closing time aswell
Soft grassland for parking.  Wear good walking shoes and check out all the external non-racing events here.  I've been to quite a few and Angell Parkway has a great outside venue set up.
Great food, great service (thanks Kevin), just a good all around long time great downtown restaurant.  I could go on and on, but just read the other reviews.\n\nOh-and they have great local craft beer, from Phoenix Ale Brewery.
I am constantly impressed by their customer service and amazing food. I swear they don't let anyone leave unhappy. How can you when the burgers are that good and the service is just fantastic! Thank you Cowfish!!
Nice enough hotel, great prices, free hotel pricing. Right across from Circus Circus, but a little ways away from the strip.
Perfect spot for a filling lunch. Its quick easy and not to mention the food is fantastic. I rarely meet people that dislike Chipotle and if I do I assume they're crazy. The service is fast and the workers are really friendly. Definitely one of my favorites for a lunch on a tight schedule.
Carne asada gorditas are the best!!! Best gorditas in town. Try their Horchata too.
I don't really see the appeal and the 4-5 star rating, but it was decent food, pretty fresh, but it was a little more expensive than I thought, maybe I ordered the wrong stuff. I will definitely give it a second try and go from there. Definitely has that 'hole in the wall' feel.
AMAZING QUICK SERVICE!!!!\n\nBusy... so a short wait but overall it was FAST and everyone was super helpful!   Got everything I needed and even my lenses were prepared for me SAME DAY!!  :-)  :-)
Easily the worst steak house I've been too.   Sad part is the salad was the best part of the meal.   My dry aged strip was so chewy and cold I was only able to eat a couple bites.  Never again
Great atmosphere! The \"hostess\" did not say a word to me....She is clearly MISERABLE!!! Waiter was nice though.
People working there are so rude. They chatting with coworker while I am waiting to check out. They told me to wait. And the cashiers so rude, no smile, anger faces. Make me feel uncomrtable.
Super slow drive through. Like five to seven minutes a car slow.
The service was excellent, so was the food: we had the guacamole, the pork belly tacos and the nachos for starters. Everything was delicious and came out promptly, specially the pork belly tacos. I had tacos, duck, beef and Texas, delicious as well.
This is the worst restaurant I have ever eaten at. The service is slow, the staff is rude and the food is overpriced. Do not waste your time or money here.
wow, we're going to be eating more Indian after finding Curry Garden. \nI got carryout once. Very good value, great food.
This is a great place for craft beer.  Excellent selection and customer service.  The beer tasting during week was well attended and well priced.
Really... 2 thin slices of roast beef on a sandwich. I would be embarrassed to serve such a lame sandwich
Great food for the price... Awesome prices. Fries just OK... Milkshakes are great. Just next door to the Grandview at Las Vegas. Walked over every day to get food. Overall 4 because of the price food avg
Scale of 1-10 (single visit):\n8 Food\nn/a Service\n7 Atmosphere\n8 Value\n\nPay-by-the-pound is always greatness.
This is a very poorly run place. Go anywherr but here... High prices,average food poorservice
Trendy little alley just like any other AMF or Brunswick Zone only this one has an arcade and one side of the alley has couches for seats.
As everyone has already said, this place was great! Delicious, creative food with great service. Great location right in the Plateau. I'll be back for sure.
OK in a pinch but really very average when it comes to Thai food. Decent lunches but not a great Thai place like Lattitude 8.
La terrasse est sympatique et le service rapide. Une bonne alternative \u00e0 St-Hubert.
Farley's Pizzeria in University City (Arbors) is fantastic. I've never ordered delivery because I live around the corner. Ordering online for pickup is super quick and easy. My order is always hot, right and ready. Delicious pizza and strombolis. The pizza crust is especially tasty.
Sorry tsa fat boy but you did this just have to say that your customer service skills need work.   Thank you for checking my id, boarding pass and pausing dramatically when talking to me just so you can tell me to go around you are just the unproductive employee that everyone is itching to rant about because you suck at your job.
Awesome! Sat in the new bar and was very pleased. Great place to watch sports and hang out with friends. The new bar is much bigger and there are a lot more TVs. Ordered the New Mexico enchiladas and they were delicious. I'll definitely be back for happy hour.
The food was very good - we all needed doggy bags!  Service was fast and friendly. Would definitely come back!
This place doesn't open on time so I can't give it much of a review . I was really excited to try it but got tired of waiting .
I hated this place.  $22 for a crappy cup with a bunch of slush and no alcohol?  What a waste.
Fast easy convenient and full of life!  The pizza is light and full of flavor.  I love the Kale and Quinoa salad.
The tots here are awesome. You get a ton and they are generous with the toppings of cheese sauce, bacon, sour cream & chives. The tots were perfectly fried.
Not bad for being in a resort, drinks and food are a little more because of it being in a resort.  They also are not stingy on the pours either.
Used to be one of our favorite places.\nPortion sizes have probably halved, prices have probably doubled.\nThe service is terrible, the food is still amazing but everything else sucks!\nHow do you get 1/2 the food for double the price?
Had similar experiences to recent reviews on here. Saw the doctor two or the times, his assistant was very unprofessional and rude. Seems as though they went out of business.
This place was just what I needed, a dark yet pretty little place to have a drink.  I really liked the walls and the ceiling.  It's got history, but being on the royal mile, is now a tourist spot.  That said, as a tourist, you should definitely hit it.
Outstanding!!!\n\nThe croissants are better than the ones I had in Paris.\n\nEnough said!
Fresh, fast and well priced. Very happy they moved into the area. It is always clean. Everytime I jave gone there has been one of the staff cleaning. Fun atmosphere. ..usually have good music playing too.
Seriously bad sushi.  After a few terrible rolls accompanied by even worse service we dediced to cut our losses.  We paid our bill and went down the street to Cowboy Ciao for dinner.  You should do the same.
Love the lunch specials here.  Such a great spot for lunch and the food is delicious.  The service has always been great too.
Freezing cold - air conditioner blowing on us when it's 50 degrees out. Told the waitress but not much she can do I guess. Also- don't order ranch on your burger ...  They won't put much on but will make you pay for more. Won't be back.
Ok, so its another fast food joint. I must tell you this place is very well run, the managers/owners take great care. The hot dogs are not bad, perfect if you need a switch from the world of burgers and chicken. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
If you're a taco bell lover, they won't disappoint. I mean-this is not 4 nor even 3 star FOOD comparatively, but it's good taco bell. :)\n\nTry the Dorito Taco-it's incredible!
The worst service ever! They told me a prescription wool be ready in 2 hours and I am still waiting and it has been 3 hours now. They have messed up with so many customers.
I honestly typed in \"s***\" out of boredom and this is the first thing that came up. By the reviews I guess it was a proper search.
I think this place is decent considering I live within walking distance away from the restaurant but I would imagine better quality from a place priced as high as this.  Their sandwiches are nice, brunch is good, coffee is good, but everything else is just eh.
Kids playplace smells awful and there is food everywhere.  Will never go there except the drive thru.  Drive thru staff is very pleasant and polite, but it doesn't make up for the messy playplace.
The staff is super unfriendly and they close an hour earlier than the time they're supposed to close (for example: they close at 8 pm when the sign says they close at 9 pm) and they don't even open the door for you and apologize, they just sit around and stare at you.
Was shopping around for a storage space for some furniture of mine before rent a center comes and takes it away... This place just sucks. Got more for my dollar somewhere else
Close by grocery store ... Open 24 hrs - but count on it ... But not dependable for the real groceries... Go to Harris Teeter or Trader Joes for that ... This is good for creamer or milk or eggs ... Maybe ...
Can't beat some beers, pool, sliders, and some good ole Rock n Roll!! All the waitresses are beautiful makes the place a lot better!
Came for the pool on a Sunday. Loved how large and varied the pool space is. Enjoyed a quiet start and then finished over by the DJ who was pumping out some pretty good jams.
Excellent food.  Excellent service.  Excellent and nicely priced wine selection.  The restaurant is too small...but the location is nice as it is so close to home.
Went to Tilted Kilt while the Pirates were playing on the weekend. First time there and it was okay. Nothing special and the food was just alright. The service was fine but I would prefer Bettis Grille. Not that it wasn't to be expected but it was about 99% men.
I know I can't always expect good service from the big banks but this branch was fast, courteous and informative with a very complex banking situation. \n\nThey even waived some fees to get money sent out.  Thanks
Awesome atmosphere!! Went here with a Groupon Now and loved it. The food was good. They were really flexible with the bill too.
Extremely courteous and expedient. Fixed my tire for no charge. A+
Great customer service, enjoyable/fun atmosphere, and always changing flavors and toppings! A must see in the neighborhood/area!
No one makes salted fish fried rice like this place does.\nYummy in my tummy open till morning
Quaint little coffee shop with yummy sandwiches.  Of course, you're dealing with the vegas price of a sandwich but I found one of the most amazing tuna sandwiches that I have ever had. Just simple but the bread combo and fresh tuna was just superb!  Ideal for a coffee break after hitting the slots!
Over priced ice cream shop.  Sorry, it's good but then again it's no different from Baskins or Coldstone.  They have real food, not just desserts.  I suggest just eating but skip the dessert and get yourself a cheaper ice cream.
Ordered Sesame chicken and it was way overcooked. Like it was sitting around and they recooked it. Half of the order was not edible and there was not very much meat on the pieces I did eat.
Met a few buddies here again for mon night football and a much better experience Mary Beth was great half off wings & pizza smoking deal willmdef go back
HOLY SH*T the bacon cheese rolls! amazballs!! good food and i liked the upscale atmosphere.  Nice place for a really expensive date night
Venue was dead walking in and smokey. The live music was good. The Artist thought he was tim mcgraw on stage and it was a alot of fun to watch.
Yea I come here often but don't ask for help they make you feel bad for asking like you are stopping them from heart surgery.
Two women showed up to clean. They did a great job on bathrooms, kitchen, blinds, etc. My place needed it bad, I felt sorry for them afterwards, lol
The pumpkin bread was excellent.  The omelette was really large!  I finished it, but felt a little sick after.  It could have used some more seasoning, and I found myself drowning it in hot sauce.  Also, the potato chip like potatoes were not my favorite.
Best Salon in north Scottsdale. Richie and Jen are amazing! Service is consistently outstanding!  I love this place and so will you!
Absolutely love this place. Reminds me of NY. My boyfriend and I fo here often and just love it! The staff is always super friendly.
Some pretty nice things in here.  However with the store just opening not a single sales associate said hi or, as we walked past the main checkout area again no greetings.  Not off to a great start.
$79 for 10 shirts and a suit! WOW that's what I get for trying to support my local business!  RIP OFF ALERT!
I liked this club till they charged me for a bottle that I DID NOT order. The owner is always too intoxicated to know what is going on.
The only thing good at this place is the BBQ Pork. As for the food it comes in two flavors, over seasoned or under seasoned. The service is SLOW and the overall total experience is just blah!!!!
Cute cafe, cute decor-and the best chocolate almond croissant! Would definitely come back for more. Totally worth the price.
I just walked out of there $12 poorer with NO FOOD after 25 minutes of trying to figure out where my order was. No apology no refund. Their food is great and I so love to support local but I'm finished with them. They need to get a clue on how to run a service business.
This is Litchfield Park's version of Cheers. Great food, amazing staff, perfect place if you're a local because you'll run into someone you know. Even if you're visiting, everyone is friendly in The Park. Enjoy!
Wide open interior with outside seating.  Unfortunately I'm giving this location a low rating on stars because I watched the Barista stick her fingers in a cup when reaching for it, she than proceeded to make a drink with the same cup. \nOn a positive note my son loves the golden ginger ale.
Delicious food per usual--love the building and service. I do love the other hulas location a bit more because of its awesome, giant patio. But it is super nice to have the options of delicious Mongolian beef bowl closer to home!
This Starbucks has some of the friendliest people of any Starbucks I've ever been to. They are incredibly nice and they always make my drink perfectly. Love it!
Very easy to order. Fast service. Great price for their combos. Brent took my order and was very friendly. Even knew me when I picked up the order. Southwest wrap was delicious.
Vegas pizza is terrible, but Metro pizza rocks.\n\nGreat staff, great food, great feeling inside (not too cramped or loud, etc).\n\nEat it, love it, nuff said.
This store carries most religious items available. The staff is very friendly and patient. I went to pick up the Susan Boyle CD for my mom and a Large print Bible.
So delicious I love it!! Macaroons are amazing , flat screen TVs everywhere! Boba is amazing. I love the modern look inside. The strawberry cake here is to die for! Also the shave ice has so much flavor it's unbelievable
The burgers and Bloody Mary's were great.
I have only eaten here a few times but the sushi was good every time. I like the unique rolls from here and they come out quickly. They are a little bit on the pricey side, but the food is always great and the rolls are large. I would recommend this sushi spot.
Looking at the review we thought it will be a blast but it turn out boring. We love house music but the DJ was crap. I guess it was a bad night because of the DJ. The place is unique and people are friendly. The drink wasn't bad and average in price. I wouldn't mind giving a try with a better DJ.
bought a great couch sectional from the Town Center and 215 location.  Great deal!!
This is not real Chinese food. California Pizza Kitchen goes to China.
Delicious sweet-meets-sour old fashioned. Don Draper would be proud.\n\nAlso snagged the Friday night deal on $3 Hoppalicious. Any place where the Ale Asylum is flowing freely is the place for me.
If you believe in buying stuff that will last you a lifetime vs. cheap throwaways from target, this is the place for you. A little more money up front, but you'll have the guidance to quality products that in the end is better for the earth.
By far the best vape shop I've been to. Owner cares about what customers are putting into their body's. Only the.best vape juices. My new favorite spot.
I have been here several times and this time was a little disappointing. The Double-double was good but the fries felt undercooked and the waiting time was long at 13 minutes for my order. I will go back there again to hopefully better fries and shorter wait times next time.
It was a fine place to dine :) I had the duck and my boyfriend had the salmon.   Nice size portions.  Great location in the Paris.  Nice for people watching.  They need to warm up the butter for the bread though!
mein wirklich aller aller liebster Schnellchinese in Karlsruhe.\n\n\n H7, s\u00fcss-sauer mit Kraut + Pekingsuppe geh\u00f6rt zu meiner Karlsruher Tradidition
Seats are awesome, popcorn was AWEFUL, staff was fair. Our server was nice. However everybody else looked liked they hated being there.
Terrific selection which even included Mongolian BBQ, crawfish, softshell crab, and several sushi selections.  All of the food was very fresh.  Several icecream options. They played Happy Birthday over the speakers and brought my mom a cake, it was very nice.  Best chinese buffet in the area.
I've been using this club for a couple years, they do a fantastic job.  In particular my trainer Gavin - I lost over 40 lbs this year!  Thanks Gavin for doing such a great job.  Well worth the money!
Second time eating here and ordered take out. The people were nice but we waited almost an hour for our order just to realize they forgot our appetizers. Food was decent but the potstickers were very thick and doughy. 2 of the 4 of us got sick from it. Not sure i want to go back.
Bland-- lacking spice, garlic, ginger...you know, the ingredients that make you crave Chinese food.  This is typical Valley Chinese.  I wouldn't bother coming here on my own time/dollar.  Can't speak to the Hawaiian dishes.
I think this place was unique and delicious. Sort of small menu but a variety of foods for different tastes.
Go there regularly to get Chinese veggies and seafood. They had live stone crab recently for $2.99 lb. Awesome price for live seafood. Nice bakery section with fresh bread and cakes. Place is bigger and nicer than 99 ranch.
Better quality sushi than the franchised sushi bars. Toyama is owned an operated by a very nice man from Japan that looks like he is 19 but he older and educated in the sushi business. It was more expensive than I prefer, but it is located in North Scottsdale were things cost more.
It's a Super Wal Mart in Scottsdale... What else need be said!
I have been impressed by AutohausAZ service, their prices are great and all the parts that I have ordered where quality material, exactly what their website have stated. And the price is definitely the best.  I just ordered a set of halo rotors, they arrived within 2days.
I'm painting my living room and have no time to cook, I can't say this is reviewable its dominos... The delivery guys are really friendly and courteous.
Perfect fruit bowls cheap prices free pool meet and clean place ...I strongly recommend
Pretty basic Chinese food. Ok if you're in a hurry and want a quick meal. Do NOT order the hot tea unless you're willing to pay $4/person!! You won't find out until you get the bill...
I have had Slade landscape do my maintenance for 2 years now and do An exceptional job and always are willing to take care on anything I need done.
My first taste of chick fil a in YEARS. It was going great until they forgot the mayo.
Justin - I HAVE eaten here - several times.  I stand by my review that this joint is just a glorified Subway.  Perhaps the quality/freshness of the ingredients is *slightly* superior.  You still get very little meat and a ton of greenery for the money they charge, which screams SUBWAY.
Encore is by far the best Casino in Las Vegas. Everthing from decor, service, rooms, food, pool, and nightclub is top notch.. Such a great atmosphere with good looking people..  i think is safe to say I will probably never stay at any other casino..
decent donuts but horrible coffee....
Awesome selection of old school arcade games and pinball machines upstairs.  I love it.
Delicious food, friendly service, great values. It's a good decision waiting to happen. Imagine it.
I liked this place so much that I kept the cardboard sleeve in the pocket of my parka for six years. Only tonight did I realize I had kept this token to remind me of the place... So in 2001 the place was fab. I don't know about now, but I'd go back to find out!
Well the food is panda express quality. My girlfriend and i used their drive through. The staff were super friendly and helpful and worked with us and helped us pick a delicious (probably not so healthy) dinner.
I'm surprised this place is still opened. the waitress was very rude and thought that we were just high school student stopping in to eat after school ended. ordered the fried pork chops and was overcooked, not my cup of tea!
Since Vegas has a huge Hawaiian population, there are a lot of Hawaiian restaurants out here.  I've eaten a lot of Hawaiian food out here..but I didnt really like the food too much @ this particular restaurant. I didnt go to this location, I went to the one off of Maryland Pkway, near UNLV.
Britni was great! Friendly, quick and the exact style I wanted. I'll definitely be back!
Great food at reasonable prices, if you like PF Changes you'll love Pei Wei. Same company and very similar food.
Horrible Service here. Manager threatened to call the Police on me. I said go ahead and patiently waited for them to show up so I could give them the secret handshake and have them take away the real loony. They never showed. Since then I have taken about 50,000 dollars worth of biz elsewhere.
I love Macs. Fuck PCs (even though I own one).\nThe employees are a bit off-center, but when they actually come up to you and think you're hot, they're nice.\nHappened to me the other day.\nTrue story.
Good food, cooked well, came out hot. Service was also very good. Waitress came back to top off coffees more than once. Prices also good, but cash only. Wouldn't wait if a really long line, but definitely would go early to get a better than average breakfast out.
Good food & Good Service in a quaint caf\u00e9 at a fair price. I will become a repeat customer.
Very very good mall.  Didn't expect something this good to be in Arizona.  \n\nGood variety of stores.  Big. Yeah that's about it.
This place always makes me feel like family. They also do an amazing job on my nails. Some of my favorite people are Mai and Danny. The decor is beautiful and I love the beverages. Every time I come here I leave feeling special. They are well priced and efficient. I highly recommend you try this place!
I am IN LOVE with this place! The service was superb, the food was amazing, my overall experience was just the best ever! Their food is so delicious and their teas are yummy as well. I love the atmosphere and everything... a must go!
Great tacos.  Great carne asada fries.  Great adobada fries.  Probably the best taco shop I've been to since moving to Las Vegas.  Highly recommended
This wendy's is terrible. I grew up going to Wendy's but recently the whole chain has become disgusting. This one is just a slow, disgusting chain. Blah, rather eat pretty much any where else.
It was just ok. Nothing fabulous by any means but it was at least an ok place to sleep for the night. Carpets need to be cleaned more often so they aren't so nasty looking. It was a non smoking room but since its such an old hotel you could still smell it some.
We go on Wednesday when thay have the trivia game..Food is not bad..Fun place and very crowded on Wednesday
I never thought I'd give Earl of Sandwich a bad review; I've been coming here for years and thoroughly enjoy their Original. This time, the bread was way too much for the meat that they put in and they forgot to put any mustard in the sandwich.  Please change it back!
The outside is being painted today, specifically the drive thru, they have all of them closed.  However, it doesn't seem they staffed for this on the inside, only 3 tellers, and the line is past the table.  Should have staffed for the drive thrus not being available
I love having a local owned coffee shop just down the street.  They always have a great cup of coffee, awesome sandwiches and catering.  They will even deliver if you have a spa day and need some lunch.  The owners are friendly and helpful, why go anywhere else?  Thanks Yolas, keep up the great work.
This place sucks. The parking takes forever to find, buffet is overpriced and takes 3 hours to pay, direction is confusing! Will never come back.
Like me, there is a chance you have passed this place hundreds times but never noticed it! If you are passing the tunnel between Eaten Center and Ville-Marie, look around, you will see a tiny espresso bar that offers authentic Italian style Macchiato.
Service was excellent. Ambience was...unique. Food was good. Not amazing, but good. We had no problem putting a dent in the giant plates of pasta. I recommend the chicken prosciutto. I'm always happy when my family of 4 (2 young kids) can eat dinner and not complain!
Spacious place. No Poori + some common dishes are missing..
First and last time eating at this restaurant. Waiter wasn't very personable, hostess rammed my already injured arm with the leg of a chair. Food was expensive and not tasty to say the least. I would not recommend.
I've eaten here before and it was okay.  We just had take out delivered tonight.  We had 3 cheese steak sandwiches and fries.  No complaints on the fries, but the sandwiches were extremely dry.  We're talking you couldn't even swallow your bite without drinking water to wash it down.  Very disappointed and would not recommend.
This location has closed down. I went by there on 9/2/2014, and everything was boarded up. It was in Tempe, AZ, on the north side of Broadway Rd: between Priest and Hardy.
This place is one of the only reasons we miss living in Gilbert.  So good.  My husband's favorite sandwich is the \"We must meat,...\"
King of night clubs Is the best to book events. The owner Joe always made\nSure my group and I had a great time. He's very informative, oranized and helpful with everything. His parties are always a blast!!! Joanne
The food was excellent even for take out.
Good gelato, awesome cannoli's. You just can't beat 'em.
The staff here is nice and so is the food :-) happy hour on the balcony is tips and a decent price. If your looking to rub elbows with some interesting people while enjoying great cuisine give it a go!
This place sucks are room's had no Ac the manager had us moving room whit no help from them- we found bedbugs on the bed nasty place to stay at \"Im never never staying here again \" customers service sucks
Ordered 2 sandwiches w/o tomatoes, when we opened them they had tomatoes and the bread wasn't fresh :(
Fantastic is all I can say!\n\nThe 10oz. filet and diver sea scallops melted in my mouth and the fingerling potatoes complimented these dishes nicely.  \n\nThis is a must try and I'll be back again.
The employes we're awful. None of them could smile nor would communicate well with me and they spoke like depressed robots. The burrito was good but, the nachos sucked. If you're alone with luggage and need to wash your hands your out of luck because there are no hand sanitizer wipes.
This place sucks nuts the maid only comes once a week , the keys never work to get into your room, you have to walk down to the front desk every time you need toilet paper and towels , it's primarily African American hookers staying here!
The food was great with the exception of the tomato bisque it was horrible.  The bad is the parking.  I would visit again just to have the Bad A@@ Blue Cheese burger.
Went there for mini date. Had the sea bass I believe. Boyfriend had the steak Thai noodle. The best dish ever! Even better than mines and it wasn't bad for $15 bucks. But there menu doesn't have much, they couldn't make me a sex on the beach :(
I don't normally write bad, but holy poop! $6 dollars for an average ham, egg, cheese and hard croissant sandwich!  Next time will go get a crepe next door. Very over priced and quality is way down from childhood days!
Got my nails done here a couple of times. Good when the student is not preoccupied with self
The bread boards I have had (three, count them, three) have been killer killer bueno dinner! Great environment, friendly staff. Wish dogs were allowed!
Been there 5 or 6 times. Food is very good, place is always clean, and staff is friendly. Just a nice little family owned restaurant. I highly recommend.
Good food, good service, good price.
The food & service was okay. I've experience better burgers for less price.\n\n2 Burgers & 1 soda was $ 23.50 which I think is high. I can go three miles over and pay 1.2 that price.
Excellent food for such a small place.  Fresh tortillas made here daily.  Outstanding
Just had some amazing sushis from this place.. we had the chefs special with 20 pieces and some tokyo ones..  loved everything from the environment, the staff to the food. And was really delighted by the low sodium soy sauce. Highly recommended :)
Not HAPPY! Acrylics were done by one of the male techs, there is lifting on several nails, acyrlic goops under nail. Looks terrible!! And unsafe, bacteria can grow between the separation! Will not be coming back, so disappointing after reading all the RAVE reviews :( :( :(
Coffee is better than most and yes they do a good flat white, but as mentioned in other reviewers notes, service is not up to it...unfriendly and not interested in giving their customers an all round experience.
Started with drinks, all of which were good.   Moved straight to entr\u00e9e Pork Steamed Buns.  Buns were amazing.  Topped it off with Parm Fries which were fantastic.  We will be back.
Food was alright, but sub-par, even for bar food. Fish n chips was below average. Service was reasonable. Wife didn't care for pizza. Would not likely go back.
All I had were their nachos, and they were the BEST. Huge portion too! My ex and I loved em! Gotta get back here. Sure you'll wanna eat somewhere else...but if you're drunk and hungry and at the Luxor, get these Chicken Nachos!
I had a brilliant time in here. The music was loud but not shouty loud. They took song requests and dished out free popcorn whilst singing and dancing to the tunes.\nFrom the name and the decor it looks a little bit more straight laced but that certainly wasn't the case on Saturday night!
Those at AAA-Chandler Auto Repair were courteous and honest.  I appreciated the consideration of my time and their quick communication.  They recommended that the repairs were costly for the model and year of the car and I appreciate this information.  they did not up sell me for unnecessary repairs or services.  Thank you!
http://www.svtperformance.com/forums/southwest-162/819248-anyone-screw-amp-performance-az.html \n\nContinuing to screw people over, and the threaten to beat them up like tough guys.
I LOVE these sandwiches! OMG they are delicious. Customer service is always good. I didn't even know they were there....otherwise I would have gone a lot sooner!
I am still looking to find another Thai restaurant that beats this place--not in terms of ambiance but in tastiness. It is excellent.
The Market Cafe Vdara bacon blue burger was an extra large, fresh gourmet burger cooked to order with lots of care and plenty of flavor, with a big serving of seasoned fries.  Came with a mini real bottle of ketchup.  The pickle looked sad, but I dont care much for pickles anyway.
A really good gyro with lots of tzatziki sauce. They have kids meals. The baklava was delicious.
Open 11am-9pm. Greek guys doing white broccoli & white shrimp pizzas with buffalo wings, hot & cold subs, calzones, stromboli's, ziti, lasagna, chic parm, spaghetti. Free limited delivery
Service was excellent!  Food was wonderful. Watching the beautiful water show at the Bellagio across the street while eating dinner was priceless!  Great experience!
They have awesome guacamole and good burritos. The atmosphere makes you feel like you are eating in a small taco shack on the beach. Staff is normally friendly. \nCons: No where to park and it is always super crowded.
Worst service ever. \nFood/tea is mediocre to terrible. \nNot sure how this place stays open.\n\n...Best thing about this TS is the outside seating and location.
Service not what you would expect at a hotel in this price category. Very difficult to even get a cup of coffee once the coffee kiosk closes in the early afternoon. \n\nSpa was excellent I wish I could review separately.
Decent food, really good hot salsa, but the prices are RIDIC. We won't be back.
Very enjoyable afternoon show.  A must see for any animal lover, and the price is very reasonable.
Great mini tacos.
Website is invalid......
I stopped in for a quick lunch and it wasn't super busy.  The service was good as was the food and wine.  Definitely a good change up to pub food.
I travel a lot! And I have to say Phoenix Sky Harbor is my fav airport so far!  Never any issues with getting to where I need to go or coming back.  Always look forward to the next I have to travel on through!
Came here for the first time and kids couldn't get the order right. Came all the way home to see that stuff was missing from our order. Note to this location: maybe you shouldn't ask question about the order if you cant take it right. You suck!!
The service wasn't amazing, and the food was only ok. The atmosphere was fine. If the food was amazing then less then friendly wait staff wouldn't be such a big deal, but the mediocre food doesn't justify the trip.
I went there because it was free I would never pay for this buffet it is not the worst buffet but it's definitely not the best.  It tastes more like the type of food you would get at a rest home. Not bad for free. I prefer Seasons buffet at the Harrahs over this buffet.
Decent food.  Comparable to Panera Bread.  Terrible service. Extremely expensive ($40 for three sandwiches and three drinks).  Unkind staff.  Impolite.
A typical Japanese restaurant full of good surprises and warmness. Very good location too. Unique hapiness you want to keep forever.
Yeah, its BBB....what else to say?
Went to Sinatra's before going to XS and I must say, the food was meh.\nWe ordered the mussels, lasagna, another pasta dish and the polenta.  Everything was just OK. Nothing special.  Price is a lil high for 'meh' food.
It's disgusting. Should be called the International House of Poop. The one's in Philly are better.
This is an awful place to eat.  I ordered a super burrito with carne asada.   My burrito arrived on the counter before I could finish paying.  When I opened it up I was appalled.  Every other piece of carne asada was fat.  I could not eat one bite.  Huge waste of money and time.
The lines were so long and the workers were beyond slow.\n\nGo next door to Mc Donald's for a cup of coffee instead!
Cool place for breakfast.  Breakfast burrito was fantastic.
I don't think Ive ever given a 5 star review, well here ya go\n\ngreat products, great owners, great atmosphere. you wont be let down if you are a connoisseur of great cheese and other delicatessens...even the cider was unique, can they do no wrong?
This place is expensive for a quasi self serve food.  The meats were not particularly tender or anything to write home about as far as taste. For a $15 medium bowl I would skip this restaurant and find some place that's a better value, better quality and taste.
Great bar. Nice vibe. Awesome home brews. I had the 4-beer sampler to taste their brews and all of them was pretty good. Went for a pint of their \"Blanche\" afterwards, perfectly refreshing on a hot day.
Go on the weekends for a surprise good time! Free wine tastings, cooking demos and samples, and the coolest butchers around serving up high quality meats!
Good Steaks but no atmosphere. It's a cross between somewhere trying to create a 'scene' and the Outback Steakhouse.\nLaminated menus and explanations of what 'medium-rare' is kinda says it all for me.
Highly disappointed with this place. I just attempted to eat here. Hostess sat us. 30 min later still no drink order. Still nothing. Just had to finally get up and leave. That is sad because we were repeat customers. Sorry Salty Sow.... Won't be visiting you ever again.
One of my favorite places. Good food, cute ambiance and lovely cupcakes, who could ask for anything more?
Surprisingly nice place close to the Strip.  It has a great atmosphere and is clearly frequented by more locals than the Strip restaurants.  They even offer special discounts (up to 50% off) for Las Vegas locals - not bad!  We enjoyed the patio and used the putting green to pass the time.
sunday brunch rocks the school house.
Affordable, consistently excellent good. Lack of atmosphere is made up by the owner who is constantly on the floor making sure customers are happy. She will even make custom orders to your liking.
Great view from the roof but smelled like dirty bar rag and not good music.  The entire crowd looked like us - sucker tourists.
The staff here is always extremely friends, burgers are very tasty and their milkshakes are to die for .... rewind to the scene in Pulp Fiction where Uma Thurman asks for a $5 milkshake.  There is no bourbon but these are some fine damn milkshakes!
Amazingly good food, amazing staff. Drink menu is nothing you've seen before. Love the John Lemon mason jar! Owner came over to introduce himself, and made a feel very welcome. Great decor, atmosphere and music. Glad we stopped in! Will be back for sure when were back in the area. Thanks for having us!
I saw this cute little spot tucked in the target parking lot one day and I knew I had to try it. My sister and I gave it a try today and LOVED it!  The staff was amazing and the food was wonderful!  I would Definitely go back.
We stayed here for my girlfriends bachelorette in 2004.  Rooms were clean, bed was comfy. Pool area was nice.  Hardly in the room anyways so basically not much negative to say about it. Price was decent.  We all enjoyed our stay here being it was the best location on the strip.
Sat at the bar and had the worst service I've ever had!!!!! This place is so overpriced its a joke!! The only good thing is the cheap oysters.
I mean, its a Wal-Mart ya'll. The only thing different with this location is the pain getting back onto Independence, I can not imagine all of the brilliant car accidents that will occur with people trying to leave.
This place has pretty decent tamales for 3 bucks... I purchased the tamale outside of the restaurant while attending Glendale Glitters. I have not been inside or tried anything other than their tamales but I would buy some again.
Great deal, great pizza.  It's all about the crust.  Great crust.  Have the pookie.  Skip the bellini.
I went there because my wife really wanted to try it. I figured it would be good based on the reviews. Well I couldn't have been more wrong. I've been sick all night. The only upside to this place is the staff. They were friendly and attentive.
If you've got a SLR and a 300mm zooms lens, there's no need to pay for the cover:)  They only display like 5-7 cars and its too bad you can't sit inside the car, haha.  i know i know....asking too much.
Went to GVR with my Dad while he was in town and it is a GREAT place.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  I have health issues that make standing for long times difficult so they brought in a chair for me to sit on while my Dad was shooting.\nI will be going back very soon!
HONEST!\n\nIf you are looking for honest, customer oriented service, this is the place!
Please, oh please, give Good Fellas a try!  It should almost have a star above it, because the food is heavenly!  We haven't introduced anyone to Good Fellas that hasn't been thankful for \"finding\" it!  The RICE!  Heavens!  This is GOOD!
The only thing I like about it is that it is 24 hrs., however, I haven't gone back after my first attempt at a breakfast burrito.  if you're fine with the same, bland burritos, keep coming back.
Hubby got cashew chicken and wanted to take a bath in the sauce it was so good. The potstickers are to die for and so are the eggrolls. YUM!
Our favorite Chinese place hands down.also lunch special are a great value. I have yet to find a dish I don't like.
Do not shop Stein Mart, did you know that sexual orientation is NOT protected in there employee handbook. Do not support a store that doesn't support equal rights!
The music is out of style! The view is really nice but its definitely not for a 21st bday!
All I know is that I sampled pizza throughout the Rise Up Japan bake sale, and it was pretty delicious pizza.  All the workers were pretty friendly.  One day I'll have to actually try this place out, though I'll probably wait until their Boca Park location opens.
Dont waste your time, or money. This place is mediocre at best. The atmosphere is great, especially for large parties. They are very accommodating for something like that. However the food is not that great, I would recommend Olive Garden over Bucca any day.
One star. Why? Look at my picture.  IT IS ALWAYS LIKE THAT!!!!!  Add more people to check out - It really is a simple fix!!!!
one of the better Robertos locations in las vegas when it comes to the quality of the food. The employees are friendly ad this is a great place for quality food!!1
Perfect for date night! Town Square is easy to get to, lots of parking spaces, great shopping, great bars, restaurants and a theater!\n\nKinda has a Cali feel to it, outdoor mall with palm trees everywhere, only thing missing is the weather!
Opened tuesday , I went with my family last night. It was packed but worth it. As opposed to driving to scottsdale like we normally would , this is very convenient. We ordered the bbq chicken pan 12 inch. Our drinks never went below half full , attentive service! Friendly. I will be coming back.
I love this place  I go to it every time I'm in Chandler.  Fresh food, friendly people and a gem of a find in a strip mall.
Ok I refused to believe that this is voted the best Chinese food in Vegas!!! Food is mediocre at best. Guaranteed stomache ache after. In an old casino and smelled every bit like one!!  Dont think I will go back....
Fresh ingredients as far as produce is a must (I don't eat beef or pork) so this joint nailed it for quality greens and spices. Wines were a tad pricy but quality nonetheless.
Need more outlets to charge phones. Servers at bar not very accomodating or friendly. Food was just okay. Likely to never return since there are more options in Sin City.
I recommend the tacos! Strange I know but they are really good because they use quality steak for them. The service is bar none and the view of the lake is great. Its a little pricy but still worth it.
Great place to go on a Monday afternoon. There were probably less than 20 cars in the parking lot. I was kind of leery at first because the mall here is sketchy at best, but this was a nice clean theater with friendly staff.
First time here and this place is pretty good. The prices on food is reasonable.  The lentil soup is delicious, and lamb kabob was cooked right.
Our waitress was really friendly and gave us good advice on what to get. The Mai tai  was really good but kinda pricey $8. We got the padthai and duck curry. Both were delicious and so filling that we had leftovers to take home. The atmosphere is really nice and is bigger than it looks from the outside.
Female was rough in my son after I said he was tender headed. Cut ok but I've seen better.
Friendly staff and nice selection of vegetarian options.  Food is just okay, not great.  Makes me wonder why everyone likes Food Fight so much.
Food was fantastic! It was SO loud I felt like i was screaming during dinner...didn't completely ruin it but I am undecided if I would go back. Keeping in mind, it was 7:30pm, not 10:00pm. A bit disappointing.
Good food but nothing too special.  The sauce is pretty delish.  I have to say the customer service is def outstanding.  I would eat there again but it isn't something that I would be dying to eat.
Food is amazing.
Great COBB salad, lamb burger was alright but nothing great.
Even after they came to repair the garage door opener several times, it still didn't work right - and then needed repairs again 1 year later.  They lied to me about the garage door rollers, springs & who knows what else.  After getting excellent repairs from another shop I wouldn't use Cactus again.
Dreadful. \n\nBoring, overpriced food, obnoxious servers, and creepy management. Caught the owner lewdly gazing at my girlfriend. Not my favourite dining experience!
For a new hotel in Vegas, it is great.  The room was very nice.  Service was very average, but seems to be the norm for Vegas.  The pool was small and disappointing.  No bar or food service.
My cat, mz pickles, looked absolutely great!  I'm so glad to have found these groomers.  Dale
This store has everything, but its a bit pricier than Home Depot.  One complaint I have about this store is that the register checkout is always really slow.  I'm not sure why.  The Ace Hardware at Missouri and 7th Ave is a much nicer and quicker experience, but this location does seem to offer better prices.
My favorite place on the strip! Great beers and food! Perfect atmosphere!
$10 for a frozen waffle? $8. for gnarly bland oatmeal?  The food was terrible,  but they do serve it 24hours a day...service was good...but I will not be back.
A group of my friends & me went to Los Taquitos needless to say, a total disappointment the food was bland, hardly any seasoned to the meat, and the prices a bit high. Unquestionably first and last.
This is the worst Roberto's in town
They don't put the price on their drinks and the margarita was 15 dollars. Service was slow, food was okay.
Extensive menu, good food, priced alright, pretty authentic. Did I forget anything? Oh yes, it's a good alternative to Ichiza. Not as hip but it is cheaper and at least as good if not better..
Walked in and was told that they can't take anyone. No explanation why. Terrible customer service.
This is one of my favorite Burger joint in Vegas the food is really great and fairly priced . The employees are very helpful and attentive ... the dinning area and kitchen are very clean . I would defently eat there again and again .
Horrible service!\n\nI definitely won't return after waiting forever to order, get more salad, and even a water refill.\n\nI wouldn't suggest this location.
Good but not the best I've ever had.  Happy they had indoor seating as it was 112 out.    Server was friendly and knowledgeable, fries were drastically overcooked for being charged separately.  Average $20.00 per person with a non-alcoholic drink.
Delicious!  And easy on the wallet compared to other good sushi joints.  Very small, quaint yet comfortable location.  Glad we have another option in Henderson - especially one that my kids enjoy too.  We'll be going back.
Overated! Ok Italian, But way too expensive!\nAnd Service not so great. I rather go to Metro Pizza.
We have been here several times. It is always clean and everyone is very friendly. Sandra is a master colorist and hairstylist.  Not to mention gives THE BEST scalp massages! I can't imagine anyone else ever touching my hair again! Definitely ask for Sandra!  She is awesome! :-)
Great excuse to dress up. High quality professional theatre productions with dinner.
They have great service! Their cat fish is the best fish in Phoenix. I've gone to Mandy's down the street but it just isn't as good as Marilyn's! I'll be visiting again soon.
this will be my new buffet to hit up. \n\nsuper cute mini portions in tiny pots and pans. \n\nhuge variety of food choices and desserts\n\nNot much of a wait and decor and service is good :)
Visiting Montreal from  DC which lacks decent South Indian restaurants, Thanjai was a great surprise.  The dosais were excellent and so were the accompanying sambar and chutney.  The South Indian coffee with which we ended our meal was perfectly brewed and presented in a dawara-tumbler. Highly recommended.
We got a groupon to try out this place. Service was awful and the staff totally ignored us. Food was alright but over priced. It was a $30 groupon. However, we only received $28 credit on the bill. For the service alone, we will definitely never go back.
Love this place! I've been coming here since moving to the area for haircuts and eyebrow wax/tint. Highly recommend them. Sign up for their emails, you can get some good discounts and package deals that way.
Great place to hang out and relax, especially during night time and on the weekend.  Good location, just a few miles south of Old Town Scottsdale.  This may even been the nicest location I've seen for years.
Honestly, was not impressed. Employee taking order was short and rude. Overpriced for what I ordered. Better than subway but not nearly meeting the level of what I expected. It's supposed to be a local icon and favorite. I dunno...was not feeling it at all.
Batch supplied the mini-pies for our wedding (we decided to go with pies instead of cake), and did an amazing job. Very easy to work with, and very tasty baked creations. Trust me, they were a huge hit...
I didn't like the fry up here which was disappointing because this place was recommended to me. It was cheap so I guess I paid for what I got. I think Snax is my favourite place for a full breakfast. I might drop in Double Dutch for a coffee in future but that's all.
Chopped salad was delish but steak and lamb were both tough. Bruschetta was ok. Wouldn't order any of items again, other than the salad. Very noisy..hard to hear conversation at our table. Hostess and server were nice. Unlikely we'd return for dinner but might try lunch sometime.
Right now I am not so impressed. Came in picked out my nail polish was seated to get pedicure however I've been waiting for 15mins now & the lady who sat me attended to someone who came AFTER me. Not too impressed. Contemplating leaving since I'm still seating here.... Waiting.
i have been taking my 13 month old son for his haircuts here since he was 8 months. they are friendly and efficient. the ladies who work here are quick and efficient. leave my son with the haircut i requested and while doing it in a fun quick way .\neasy to schedule appointment and very clean. great environment.
How does a new battery take 3 hours to install? \nI had 1/2 a mind to push my dead car to Advance Auto
Not worth it!
Love this place!! Great vibe with great food and the staff is on point. Def try the new melt they added to the menu when u go. It's 2 patties 3 slices of bread, American and Swiss cheese, grilled onions and cowbell sauce and it's amazing! Will be back for sure.
Love this place! We have taken our furry son here for the last 6 months and everytime he comes out awesome! The staff is super friendly and always a joy to work with. We even moved away from the area and continue to go back. Thanks again Canine Design, Kai came out lookin handsome today once again.
If you want to see old school Vegas, this is the place to be.
I have two Frys stores equal distance from my house. This store may be a little older than the other, but it is better. Great staff and I can actually navigate around the store. Large parking lot and always easy to get in and out of the fuel area.
Have been to this place twice and the experience was the same. I personally don't get what draws people to this place. It's got a bit of a negative vibe. The staff is not friendly or service oriented and it's dirty. Great location for a light rail pub crawl - I think it just might not be our crowd.
Tried to go twice, first time has 1.5 hour wait due to not enough staff at 11:30 am....\nSecond attempt was 1 hour wait even though there were plenty of tables available.... This is Vegas Gordon! Too many other choices than deal with your lack of service!
Yummy Food. More of a sports bar type of place though. Not my kinda thing, but would go back with friends for drinks and dinner. Go for lunch if you are in the area. Hard to get a table during dinner hours.
The food is awesome!
We have nothing bad to say about this show. It's energetic, fun, comic and interactive. We have gone several times and plan to return again and again.\n\nWatch the show and leave your shyness at the door.  You will be in the presence of a lot of people laughing, dancing and singing.
This place wasn't bad at all, I just wish they had menu options that weren't sea food. Maybe some appetizers or something. The items are really limited if your like me and don't eat she'll fish
The worst chinese food I've had. I got the General Tso's Chicken and it came dry and very not spicy at all when I asked for extra spicy. Panda Express is better.
This place is amazing ! Food amazing service amazing ! Environment great what more can you ask for plus the prices are reasonable
My favorite boutique on Mill Ave.  The prices are very reasonable wtih a huge sale section.  I can always find something that I love and can't live without.  The store is clean and easy to navigate.  Very friendly and helpful staff as well!
There is really nothing special about this place. There's a wide selection of burgers and drinks but I think even In-N-Out is better and they have less variety. Service was ok. My food wasn't even hot when I got it.
Not the worst Chinese I've had, but definitely not the best.  Good for a cheap lunch, but very Americanized selection.  Wait staff is friendly and attentive, the food was hot, buffet was fairly well maintained.  \n\nMore like fuel than food!
I'm from ca, but visit family in pebblecreek a few times a year. I always make a point of visiting Pretty Nail when I'm here because their work lasts forever! Really appreciate the fact they always get me in for an appt and I can see Tracy for my fills/gels. Thank you!
This was theeee best place! Kim is amazing at making you feel like the ultimate bride!! In fact, everyone in the store was eager to help! I would highly recommend for future brides! Be sure to ask for Kim!!! Thank you!!
Slow service but the food was ok. Great concept in need if refining. Food wasn't hot and had to be sent back. Orange juice was the bomb. Biscuits and gravy were really good.
Fresh, and authentic Mexican food. Friendly staff too. If you like tacos you must try this place. Everything  is prepared in front of you while you wait. The other Mexican food joints can't compete with taco y taco .
So Impressed! Amazing Menu! Amazing Atmosphere! Great, fun and lively staff! I always feel welcome here. The patio is wonderful in the cooler months. Right next to the light rail! \nRosemary Chicken Sand which, sweet potato fries with a special white sauce is a must have!!!
I dont know why everyone bashes the excalibur. I recently stayed here and it was great. Everything was clean, nice flat screen tv, walk in shower. Got upgraded for free too. :)\n\nThe pool was off the hook!
This is my favorite restaurant in Vegas and I make a point to eat there while in Vegas.  Bouchon has an honest approach to quality food at fair prices.  Its less expensive the the most expensive restaurants in Vegas but stands up to the best.\n\nIt's best to order one of the specials and take your time French Style.
I like to let you know I had a yelp 5 dollar  off for this location.  I tried to use it and they did not honor it. Felt was trick ed but the pizza was ok.  But I will take my business elsewhere next time.
Second time here. I ordered the moist brisket and some turkey. Both were very good and did not disappoint. I wish I could smoke turkey like this at my house. I will once again be leaving with a bottle of BBQ sauce.
do not use a credit card online through laugh hub or standup live. it charged my account three times and then left it pending for 6 day and then gave me back my money and i have no tickets. the acts are great and the service is ok.
What an epic FAIL!!! At 8:00pm they close the park to 21 and over only because they do not want under age drinking. But they serve alcohol all day when all the kids are here. What idiots!!! So of course now at 9pm its dead.
By far one if the best chicken dishes I have ever had.  The waiter Jeff was extremely good in helping us pick our dish.  This place is simply fantastic.  I don't understand why it is not a 4.5 star on yelp.
I love to go to Bandera to start my evening off.  I've had there dinners in the past, but the most memorable food item there is their Dip Duo with Tortilla chips and their yummy Mojitos.  Bandera is a cool place to start off the night with a good appetizer and a strong drink.
Not a fan at all! It was freezing cold. Everyone complained but they didn't do anything about it. Food got cold very quick.
Had Sunday bruch here.  Got free champagne.  Through it was going to be better per all the online reviews.  Worth your time to eat here.
Have been a couple of times, though I've only eaten at the bar as I stay at Red Rock on business sometimes.  I've had great service from the barbie staff.  The steaks come out as ordered and a decent wine list make this a good but not great place.
My husband and I came here while waiting for our table at Postinos. We absolutely love this coffee shop! We got to talk to the owners who are awesome! They were so friendly and told us a lot about the history and the business. Highly recommend!!
Not so friendly..mediocre service
I can't hate on a place the focuses on cupcakes and fancy's them up to try to justify their cost. Yes, the cupcakes are good and yes, I would consider taking a guest to try them out if interested, but I wouldn't go there just to satisfy a craving due to the price.
A stain stick gets stains off better.  I'd rather hose my suit off and let it dry outside than go this place.  Horrible customer service
Love it.. service was a tad slow, if you are on a lunch break beware..
Okay burgers. Unlimited toppings for no extra charge.  Awesome fries. Cool soda machine.
Great atmosphere, local friendly best free play offers. Good food in the cafe, friendly staff, comfortable feel. I always enjoying playing here.
I think they have GREAT specials..their hot wings are huge...very tasty pizza and very friendly family business...
This place is trying really hard to be a cross between Jersey Mike's and Jimmy John's, but needs to work on the \"FAST\" part of their slogan.  Still better than Subway!
Tired of disappointing haircuts at Great Clips, or Sport Clips? Go see Adrian at Downtown Salon. He just flat out knows how to cut hair...period.
I love the deals and the ability to use their Kohl's cash. But, I will be forever scarred by their restroom. I went in and it looked like there was a case of explosive diarrhea. I wish I was joking and I wish I could forget.
They have the BEST sesame bagel!! But you have to get there early to get one because they go fast! This location use to have not so good customer service but now it's great.
Delicious, quality food. Love the atmosphere, the staff is wonderful! Annndddd they got Protein waffles and pancakes!!!
This place has a great happy hour.  The Scottsdale people-watching is top-notch, too.  Highly recommended place for good sushi in Old Town.\n\nI always sit outside on the patio...
The food was good.  However, it was overpriced.  Parking was tight in the back with many people parking on the street. Not for me.
Folks, this was the worse italian food I've even eaten. Maybe it was a bad day. I really don't know. It was sooooo dark inside, we could hardly read the menu. All in all, it won't happen again for us. And I love Italian food!
I'm from Philly- a City with amazing food... And this place exceeds everything I have ever experienced.... nationally AND internationally. Service was amazing! And the executive chef was exquisite! He is passionate about the menu... And it shows! Everyone should have this experience! Wine selection was perfect! Decor was authentic!
Since this company took over they increased their rates immediately. Not even a year in and another increase. But they r advertising less price for that 10 x20 . Not a happy customer. Greedy company!!!!
the lines were long and it took over an hour in line.. UGH
This place is truly amazing. Classy staff, excellent food and they play the best music!\n\nDefinitely going to be one of my \"regular\" places when in Las Vegas from now on!
The staff is not friendly and feel overbearing.  Not a fun experience shopping here....
Great place to bring the family and enjoy the game, the Dublin Coddle was fantastic!
Ice cream name game ROCK!
This is the kind of place you want to be better than it is-----I mean the flavors-----because you like the family-run place and the dinner buffet.  So I don't want to dis it, but I've had better Indian food....
Cool store!
They have a good roast beef on rye sets you back $25\n\nWant. Cheesecake?\nWant service?\n\nPay up.  This is all about the money.
One of a kind decor!  Where else can you sip a drink sitting inside a 38 million dollar real crystal chandelier?  The drinks are spendy, but top notch.
Yum!  Charming staff.
Everything is average about this place. The day shift server is not that good she less than average. She could use some customer service training. I understand it's not an easy job but she should take some pride in her occupation.
Went for first time and was seated in the bar area.   The waitress said it was a brand new addition.  It was gorgeous and had old world charm.  Felt like Italy.  Pizza was excellent and the sea bass was off the charts good.  Can't wait to go again.
many people i know raved about pekara, so one day i decided to give it a try. i was disappointed because two items that i had were nothing more than a chocolate cake and a cream puff. the texture was kinda hard and they were just sweet with no other taste.
My wife and I had great expectations of Daniel. .after reviewing it, we waited until the exact 30 days prior to book online. It did not disappoint..on the contrary, one of the best dinner we have had so far.
Ew.\n\nThats a compliment, too.\n\nI don't want syrup in my martini and I've had better sushi from the grocery store.  I'd rather stay home.
On each of our visits, we request April as our server. On top of the food being terrific, her service is #1.\n\nPot roast is tender and better than home made. \n\nMy only suggestion would be to dump the Pepsi fountain for CocaCola.
This place is great, especially after 10 pm. My favorite is the 50 cent smoked wings from the very reasonably-priced late night menu. Personally, I think they are just as good as fried wings and much healthier. Even the South Carolina BBQ sauce is good, a make-or-break thing for me coming from SC.
Hot and ready my butt! My reason for coming here was to get pizza quick. Had to wait 20 mins
Love this place. The food is always good so you'll have a short wait because they're busy. But it'll be worth it! Try anything on the menu it's all good.thwy even have gluten free items and healthy choices!
The food came really late and when it finally arrived it was cold. Terrible customer service.
This cafe is sort of hidden away and only open until 2pm but it's great. Real friendly staff, and delicious food. I recommend the Peppersauce burger.
really good BBQ, beer can chicken is close to the one i do at home, beers selection is one of the biggest i have ever seen in a BBQ joint, live band was good as well, service was great!
Sad to report that this place is closed to the public. Tried to stop here today and they had signs all over saying that they only cater??
Great service, good people and an awesome deal. Best price in Vegas and they added military discount. They worked around my schedule since i had to drive back to Cali. My BMW looks and feels great with the SunTek CXP. First class overall!
Server occasionally graced us with his presence, the burger and the calamari was good but everything else was sub-par. the manager was a great guy. The restaurant itself is very nice. I expect more from Aria especially when it comes to service, food might be a matter of preference but the service is not.
It's definitely faster getting through security here than at DIA (my home airport) but it's an airport. How great can it be?
Service was not good, they forgot about us after our dinner was served. Chips tasted stale.
I was sooo excited when I found out they had Tacos El Gordo in Vegas and not just San Diego.  Needless to say I stuffed my face and left with a happy fat belly. Come here if you're craving TJ tacos minus the chorro.
Beware. Do not go to this salon. If you do beware of nail infections.
Price to value ratio is not worth it.\nExtremely small portions and unique/exotic taste.\nTakes forever to get bartender's attention.
Clean and security was very friendly with a baby
The hot dogs are good. The rest of the food is disgusting full of fat. I couldn't even finish my burrito I felt sick. The cashier girls are really rude they need training on good costumer service. They seem angry and depressed. I would NEVER eat there again.
Absolutely amazing tastes, service, location and atmosphere!
I ordered a Caesar Salad to go.  Never have I a paid 9.00 for a worst salad. I was unaware the Greeks use brown old lettuce and Romaine
Extremely overpriced flavorless mexican food. Customer service.,. Ehhhh not so good. I know they pay premium for this location but come on.... At least put meat in your beef. They get two stars because I like the chips yet the burrito and tacos we got were so gross!
you cant beat chipotle :) ...always love the place.
Intimate place with a lot of character. The food is so-so but you don't really go there for a meal--it's a bar. Good beer list and an impressive variety of whiskeys available if that's your thing.
I can not explain how expensive this place is for merchandise that looks so cheap. A handful of fake crystals ironed onto a shirt cost around 45 bucks. You could walk next door to the Apple store and get a damn iPod shuffle for that price.
This place is nasty!
The doctors are fine but the wait time is awful.  Allow 3+ hours out of your work day, most of which is literally spent waiting.  The staff takes you from room to room to perform all the pretests and then you finally wait for the doctor.  Wait, wait and more wait.
I love this restaurant. The atmosphere is beautiful and the food is delicious.
The pizza here is not really that good and the gumby sticks are ok but when you're drunk and its 3 in the AM you don't have too many options.  Gumby's delivers at all hours and you can probably tip your driver in other means than cash - not that I'd know.
Food wasn't bad, but the service and price were. It shouldn't take 30 minutes and $16 to get a cheeseburger... seriously. I know it's part of a tourist resort, but come on... $4 soft drinks?
Good food and friendly staff. Price was reasonable too.
Worst place to stop and eat in the morning. 3 cars in the drive way and it's taking 20 mins. This is not the first time. Seems only one person works at this time.
Couldn't get our order taken... walked out.\n\nVery small, no ambiance.\n\nDid not offer items featured in Seven magazine and ran out of specials by 12:30.
Quick and easy!!! Good job guys!!!!!
horrible!
Ben here a few times for lunch. Its in a tiny strip mall, and parking can be an issue. We have always had the thin crust pizza and it has always been very good. A large usually will feed two of us.. gluttony definately takes over while your here, and you have to remember to control yourself :)
Place has bad customer service. I stayed there once and the got my wings wrong 3 times. And last night the same thing happened. Will not be going back anytime soon.
The store is small, but it carries specialties that are difficult to find in Pittsburgh. I was particularly excited to find middle eastern chili sauce and chocolate covered Turkish delights.
Good selection of vehicle, though most are in very poor shape or in disrepair. Additionally, very poor customer service, even at the top of the franchise rental car dealer. Owner Laurie is very rude and offensive in tone when confronted with a problem
If my Jewish grandmother lost all of her passion for living and then opened up a restaurant, this is what the food would taste like.
Nothing special... Seems like pre prepped pizza. Neighborhood is questionable and the interior doesn't help any with guys laying around watching T.V.\nWould NOT go here again.... doesn't matter Halal or not... there are better options out there.
I've had a few things here and they have all been good. I tried this place after seeing it on DDD and it really is a dive. I tried the Royal first which is a sausage sandwich and then the Guinea's Pie. Both were really good. I would recommend take out though. The atmosphere is a little rank.
Lie about Happy Hour prices, won't go back.
Best steakhouse in Vegas can't say enough how much we enjoyed our 3 visits while we were in Vegas. The food and service was fantastic. A special thank you to Adrianne Zach our server and Jessica Delgado Assistant Manger who went out of their way to make each visit a meal to remember. Holly & Scott Lane
It is a small bar above union pig and chicken. The drink menu is small and list of ingredients are strange and difficult to understand. The price per drink is $8-$12. The drinks themselves are good but hardly worth the price. Service is fair.
I ate here nearly every morning I was in town because the food is good, the staff friendly, the atmosphere perfect, and the bill was reasonable. Will definitely go back next time I'm in town.
Quite possibly the most awesome place I've ever lived or even been to, and I've been around....
We love it here! Its new and clean and most of all the owner is a sweetheart!! Great for younger kids that won't get trampled over.
Worst dumplings I've had in my life. The skin is so thick, and the filings fall out like a rock.  I can make playdough dumplings that taste better than this.
I had to down grade my rating after this last visit. I feel as though this place is not going to last long at the fast pace of uptown lunches. Lunch took us over an hour and it was not due to our slow eating. I am hoping they can speed up their service so we do not lose another lunch place!
Their ayce price is 17.95 for lunch and 20.95 for dinner but these price are not include nigiri. If you want nigiri for all you can eat, you need add $5 \nI do not recommend this place
Great food. Good bloody Mary's. Service was eh... But the waitress realized she ignored us. Ha! No harm done. For Arizona... This place was good.
Nice open plan, spacious bar, comfortable seating, a great place to bring a group for drinks, who will enjoy the large native brew selection.  Never mind the name that brings to mind someone violently upchucking ( which is possible of course, but not likely as you'd be deathly embarrassed to do it in such a nice place.)
Stopped by for Taco Tuesday and had a great time. Love the decor and feel of the place. The house margarita was tasty, and worked well with the chilis I had as an appetizer. Both the chicken and veggie tacos were great, as was the service. Definitely will be back.
I take it back, I had my transmission fluid changed there in December, I took my car to pep boys this week and guess what they recommended... I need my transmission fluid changed because its really dirty. Boooooooooooo Midas
Great haircut!  Great experience.  You just have to try it.  They spend more time massaging, oiling and relaxing you're scalp, face, neck an shoulders than the actual haircut itself... And it's great!
Long lines, but the people are nice and the food is hearty. Recommended!
I should have know that one should not order a Philly stay in a sports bar... and Zippo's is no exception.
I hated this place.  So tacky.  So loud... and not club/cool loud, cheesy cover band loud.  Annoying guy walking around on stilts making balloon animals.  Super overpriced food.  PASS!
Love this place, just a cool diner with cool people working there.  Good food, lots of great diner choices with some tweaks.  \n\nTry the Meatless Loaf!  Comes with vegan gravy and delicious mashed potatoes with the skins still on, plus another side.  It's a neighborhood staple.
Big portions, tasty and some of the best service we have received! This will be my Vegas go-to breakfast place.
Not really a country music person but was out with some friends and decided to try this place out and man am I glad I did! The whiskey burger is what I tried and oust say that I would recommend that burger to anyone!
Get an entry level foot spa, and then you can enjoy this great place for a whole day!
Well my experience was the opposite of the reviews here. Just needed a basic data SIM for my iPad while visiting from Canada. Friendly, efficient service. Gave me exactly what I needed.
Always delicious. As a Chinese person, and just moving to Pittsburgh, this place is a gem.  Well worth the 25min drive on a weekday
Very cool little place. My first visit was a week ago and returned again today for a late lunch/happy hour. Menu selection is very good (I ordered the BLT w/ avocado) and the service is very nice. I will be visiting again soon.
The guys at this here are always super helpful, they get everything done quick and easy. I even drive out of my way just to get to this location. Thank you Rocco, Julian, Jesus, john, and everyone else there. You guys are the best!!!!
Unlike the one in St. George, they accept credit cards. They are located between Cafe Rio & Gramaldi's.
Ask about their exclusive membership for the VIP room. Way cool!
Customer Service lacking! Cleanliness Null & Void!!!
I really do enjoy shopping here. However they have higher prices than some other places.  I buy a variety of things hard to find in other stores and it's my new go to place for supplements and essential oils when I don't want to wait to order online.
Staff very friendly and helpful greeting me as I came through the door and answering all my questions.\n\nYogurt tasty and have a lot of great toppings selection.
Decent food but rushed service. Even at  about $25pp, the wait staff was unwilling to talk long enough to explain menu options!
All I can give them is they are big. Gas price is easily beaten. I was shocked at what four of the largest slurpees cost on my last visit  Clerks seem to have an attitude at each location I have stopped at.Most people seem to like this place.
They have a great selection and prices seem to be average for Vegas. Always friendly and willing to help. Over all it's a great place friendly atmosphere and a good selection of beer and wine.
Great view. Expensive drinks!
Excellent motorcycle tire shop, great service.
After one of the people from this store walked around our furniture showroom and passed out her business cards to my clients, I DEFINITELY will not be shopping here. That was low. Not sure why this posted 18 days ago, this happened about a year ago.
Absolutely love the service at Audi Scottsdale! I own my 2nd Audi and highly recommend. Wouldn't own any other brand. My service consultant, Jason, is the best!
Beer is cold and lot's of wine/booze, but it is a dive and only some of the staff is helpful.  I go here cause I need some beer and it is close, not because I want to go in.  Discount is the key word, but without the really low prices.
Simply said ... Fantastic !!!!
Friendly service but the food was not impressive.  Won't say it was bad but wasn't impressive. My side salad was like eating a head of lettuce.  Gyro was okay.  The $20 for $10 deal was worth a cheap meal for 2 but I probably won't go back.
I had a veggie wrap and a smoothie and they were very good. Quick and friendly service.
This is my favorite Greek spot in Vegas. The restaurant is operated by one family. I get the same warm welcome everytime. The garlic fries are so delicious. I get the beef and lamb with rice. The portions are perfect for one person. Great price, Love this place!!!
If you like to be overcharged for so-so food, this is the place for you.
Nice play to enjoy a burger and watch all the weirdos walk by. I like the atomic fries, blue cheese burger and also the jack Daniels burger. If you are an industry worker they'll give you 25% off.
The food was so good!! I drove all the way from tempe just for a meal and I do NOT regret it at all!! I will be back again and with more people next time
Wow what an average burger!! Asked for medium rare and it came well done! 25 dollars for an average burger! Not good....
Great patio setting, solid Bloody Mary and excellent breakfast items.  A place to be seen in Scottsdale, which wasn't very appealing.
Great neighborhood hot spot. Always friendly and helpful staff. Love the intimate space and use of patio space.
Service is great, the food is just OK but the prices is steep for the portions. Good variety of filipino food. Plus is the bakeshop.
Not really something to rave about, the burgers are ok what gives it the 1 star is the price. Too expensive for a burger that is average.
everytime i visit, we go to this and the one in waterloo (?).\n\ni like the other location better. they served my boy hot tea in a plastic cup.
I am a big fan of the wine coolers, beet salad, and mozzarella cheese sandwich. Yummy!
Looking for cheap Indian food come here... Looking for good Indian food go somewhere else.  Good service but poor food.  One star for the excellent rice pudding.   Garlic nan was burnt so bad you couldn't tell it was garlic nan...  Don't like charcoal posing as food!  Never again!!!
Great spot. Alex always does a great job cleaning me up, quick, clean, and professional. If you make an appointment they are always ready right away. If you don't, they are busy so be prepared to wait.
No no no, OWNER put a beautiful full set on me (which I spent alot of money to get very personalized) 3 nails had either completely broke off or cracked within the first 2 days. ..
Cristina beltran helped my son and I and she was wonderful.  She normally works at the aliante store. We will definitely contact her with any future questions.
This place used to be great but not anymore ...kitchen is really really slow took us 50 min to get a simple cheese pizza .. Waiter was terrible and not smile no urgency .. Never going back this POS \n\nStay away from this pizza place there are plenty other good ones in phoenix to go to
Thanks so much for your support of Gregory's galactosemia fund raiser. Thanks to your generous donation and compassion, we raised $3,500 toward the the fight against this metabolic disorder. You guys are the best!
wait for 1 hrs and 28 minutes and all that hype for nothing. old and  awful taste pizza, old sushi, chewy prime ribs, a lot of dishes are tasteless, most of the dishes are basic, small dessert areas
At $50 a night from Saturday to Tuesday, you just can't find anything to complain about! Besides the annoying off-strip location, and the completely overpriced Buffet downstairs, this hotel was amazing. \n\nI cannot overstate how comfortable the beds are. Be careful not to waste your vacation napping.
Food average at best,but salad bar was good.Breading on broasted chicken way \"too heavy\"..Service OK.No happy hour in bar.On \"plus side\" I felt like the youngest person there.
I love to write Thank You cards using the cute, unique, quality stationary cards I always find here.  I also love to run out of cards and have an excuse to come back in and roam around the store, seeing what's new and picking up something special - This place also always has the best (and unique!) Birthday Gifts too!
Jersey Mikes subs are the bomb! Club sub is my favorite. One of the few sandwich joints that uses crisp warm bacon. Unlike Jimmy Johns which uses cold limp bacon. Make sure to get the red pepper relish. Frickin delish!
I have lived in AZ since 1988 and I have come across many people here but Dr. Choi stands out because of his character and generosity.  Integrity means alot and Dr. Choi certainly has it.  When considering who and where to go for orthodontics I can think of no finer person than Dr. Choi.
The service was great! I liked the cheese and meat platter we ordered. The main courses were fairly good but pricey.
I have only checked out this place for the lunch buffet which is delicious.  The warm bread was the best part of the meal.  I will have to order something off the menu next time.  I bought some Hookah supplies as well so +1 for combining 2 trips :)
I don't understand how they are always out of beers on tap! I live right across the street from this one and get bad service all the time. \nBut I love to go to the hualapai one, the People are friendly and not rude!
It's okay. It's a stomach filler. It is no  filibertos but it will fill the void. I had the carna Asada burrito and super nachos. I honestly don't know if I will ever go back unless I'm real hungry.
$4 for a cup of coffee?   Damn worth it.   So damn good.
Cool place good design, great food, and drinks are cheap. Pretty people, prettier staff. No complaints here
It was probably the best seafood enchilada I've ever had and great sangria!\nGreat service and ambiance ! Would definitely go back!
Kristi has been doing my hair for years & does an amazing job. She always listens to what I want. I have very fine thin hair and I am very picky but Kristi always manages to make me happy! She is phenomenal with color and I highly recommend her.
Wow first time here! Great dive bar with FULL tiki theme and and amazing strong speciality cocktails. Will be back!
This place is incredible! I always get the Sugar Cookie with Frosted Animal Ice Cream. You get hooked on this place after just one time.  The staff are friendly and professional.
For my 40th birthday dinner the only restaurant in town I wanted to go to was The Cove.  We ordered the calamari, mussles, verde shrimp and the margherita pizza. Everything was absolutely delicious! The friendly staff made my birthday dinner a very memorable night. The Cove gets my highest approval!
Useful! Sat down here after the trade show I attended did close and before dinner to write a blog entry. It was quiet, service was nice and the wifi was free! Near the Las Vegas \"chinatown\" area.
There are much better places to eat for the price, service and ambiance. \nService is slow, food portions are so small for the price.  Yeah I get it, don't want truck load of food but 2 mushrooms is a serving portion?\nYes, meh. I have had better.
Ever since new management it has tanked sorry just not the same :( quality isn't that good anymore  . Everybody is too serious . Isn't a fun experience anymore .
We love Clockwork Pizza! This is not gourmet pizza but it is pretty good for delivery. They have great prices and great toppings! Very friendly too.
Yeah it's old school but the price is right and who cares your going to get ripped on cheap booze anyways at fremont st . Slept like a rock .
Cottonwood Canyon Park is a nice semi shaded trail. It was slightly on the short side, but if you walked up the steep lead-ins to the neighborhoods, you would be guaranteed a good workout. Will definitely be back soon!
We just stopped in for a drink. It's a great Irish Pub, we did not try any food.  But for drinking it's great!
Fantastic new addition to our community. They create different ices almost everyday, have an idea for one? Tell them about it. The ices's are great, but ice/custard  concoction called a Gelati will become an addiction they are so good.
The worst food and service ever. The rice was under-cooked and the milk which was used for the mango-shake was expired so they had to go back &  change it. After leaving,  2 of our group had a very bad stomach ache. Sounds too much right? Well,  after all that has been said; God is my witness.
I arrived to a nearly empty restaurant with my sister and father.  We were delighted with our service and especially delighted with the food. This place should become very bust!!!
The most consistent BBQ joint on the West Coast. I have enjoyed Lucille's for approximately ten (10) years. I believe others have also.
I go to Carrabbas frequently and this time happened to be the worst service experience I've had at a restaurant in recent memory. Server disappeared, manager was rude and the entire experience sucked!
Best Indian food in Vegas .. I've lived in Vegas for 6 years , and before that in the bay area .. Where u can find the best Indian food. But it took me 6 years. Finally.. No more eating this fake Indian food in Vegas.
Mr. Trump didn't have very good taste, but the service is good and the pool nice so not much to complain about.
GREAT: 14 beers on tap!\nNOT GREAT: beer served warm. \nWhen a reviewer goes on and on for paragraphs about the kind of \"fusion\" represented, that's a relatives or associates review you can bet. \nPointed info is the heart of YE_P!
Rob was fantastic. He did an excellent job, completely removing an old wine stain and a few pet stains. He cleaned my couch and it looks brand new. The carpet looks awesome. I'll never use anyone else! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
If you want anything resembling authentic Mexican food with fresh ingredients, go somewhere else.  This is not the place.  The food is hot, and you get good portions, but the sauces taste like they came out of a jar, and the spices taste like prepackaged blends you can buy at any grocery store.
I love going to this location because it's on my way back to Arizona and the staff is always friendly. Never had an issue with an order at this one. They never rush you. I like mine a special way and most get it right
Good and a large selection to choose from. \nBest Buffet in Vegas? Ehhh, no.\n\nLove the oxtail soup, minus the peanuts.\n\nGreat desserts, favs are flan and creme brule.
The barista charged my coffee on the credit card AND the Starbucks card when I gave him the credit card to transfer some funds onto my Starbucks card. Big no no my friend ....
Out in AZ for Labor Day and came here for lunch and drinks had the pleasure of meeting Lisa, Connie and Tanya and they were all super nice and the service was great. Food is really good and came out quick, interior is big and open and definitely a laid back environment. Perfect sports bar.
Delicious bread, good portions, quality ingredients with sandwiches,  nice staff, and definitely a new add to my top lunch spots.
Was super excited to enjoy shaved snow in my neighborhood but that excitement quickly diminished after one taste.  Overly priced and not worth the cost.  I'll continue to drive to China Town for some yummy shaved snow.
Super expensive but holy cow that's some delicious fish.
It's okay... Doesn't wow me but cures a pizza craving. It's walking distance from my house and that's why I do
Simply the best! The only place in Las Vegas that I could give 5 stars to. Only place that comes partly close is Fukumimi Ramen.
amazing food but book ahead, really long wait for a table otherwise
W & K is my go-to place for Chinese.  Great chow at a cheap price.  The sushi is very good, and inexpensive.  I love this place!
This place is a JOKE! The service was terrible to say the least. We were never acknowledged, the \"bartenders\" acted as if it was a bother to take drink orders and when we finally got someone to take our order, anything other than a beer, came back wrong. Some of the worse service ever!!!
Can't believe yelp doesn't have zero star. I m taking the Megabus from Pittsburgh by state college to New York today (schedule arrival 7:05pm) The driver on this bus has the worst attitude I have ever seen. I would never ever ride with this company again.
Been here twice! Not bad for a quick meal.
Really dry burritos. A bit overpriced I might add.  99 cent tacos are about four inches long, so not a very good deal. Bland. Staff is hardworking. I won't seek this place in the future.
The spinach salad and chicken picatta was amazing. Dessert was the Michael Chiarlo \"Nivole\" Moscato.
Good! I like! This place made the pad se ewe right on. It hit my mark and I'm loving it!
Went here once and got take out for lunch. I got a yellow curry dish and hot and sour soup. Was not impressed. Considering going back to try the lunch buffet but I think that will only be when I run out of better options and there are so many in the area.
Vegas has a serious lack of great pizza places. Thankfully The Secret Pizza Place helps make up for that. Delicious and thin slices ready to go!! Fun to take dates or visitors to Sin City as it is a \"secret.\"
Bought top of the line exterior paint and started to fade after 2 years. Warranty is for 25 (!) years but they are playing games and I have to pay for labor to reapply again. Will never buy or recommend them. No integrity.
This place was alright when it was a hilton property, now it's beyond horrible!! Had to switch rooms three times due to smell and no AC !! Don't even think about staying here.  Horrible !!!
I just love costco!!! Hope one day I will work for this company!! The food court!! Yammy!!
Everything about this place is amazing....the food is spot on... Great service... Will  be back...great job
Good food for a food truck but I was expecting more for $7 at least a side item
Worst Chinese food I have ever eaten.  Going back to Wan Fu which has been great for 20 years.
Not a big fan. Staff is not very friendly, food is mediocre, waayyyyy too high priced, even for little things, the only thing that place has going for them is Superstition Coffee located inside the mill.
I LOVE this place! Best Gyros, hot dogs and their home made zucchini are amazing! Not one speck of grease on anything! It looks scary on the outside but it is very clean and well taken care of!
Loved it. Crunchy batter fried chkn with pineapple. delicious lettuce wraps. Quaint and casual but nice, very clean. Went late lunch on a Sunday, just our table. Nice and quiet.
Love this place!  The owners always greet you by name...Kyle, my massage therapist, is thorough and very nice...
They are ok.  Tried to step out of the box.  Got the Banana/Peanut Butter. No good. Cake wasn't fresh.  Only ate half of it.  Will make sure I ask which ones are the freshest. ??  Hope that the other flavors are ok.
what not to love this place? my family and i here almost 3x a week, we love their fresh seafood department, always on the look out for lobster or Dungenese crabs on sales, and they're always freshly restock by Friday
This is a dive bar.  We were killing time before a wedding receoption and this place was next to where the reception was going to be held.  I would not recommend this place to anyone.  It's just not my thing.  It's old and dark.
Terrible service!! Stood there waiting to order with three people behind the counter. No one greeted me nor said a word. I'll never go back!
I love SB.  I eat there at least once a week and find that the menu has a good variety.  I like the daily menu with different seafood items.  Jessica is the best!!
Love this place! I've been coming here for a couple of years and Shana is the best. I don't ever even consider going anywhere else. Great prices, exceptional service, comfortable atmosphere.
The food was good, but I was disappointed with the atmosphere. It's located right next to a smoke shop. There was such a strong smoke smell in Viet bistro which made it less appetizing. The food was okay. I cannot go back because of the cigar smell.
Best Chinese food in Madison  by far. Friendly staff and quick service!  They carry a wide selection of both traditional Chinese food and American Chinese food.
So good!! never disappoints. especially when they are freshly made love the free samples!!
Way too long of a wait.  Food was ok but not worth the price.
Their food selection is decent, beer selection is spectacular.  I have to be in the mood for their meals, but the bar atmosphere is what gives them 4 Stars for me.
OMG! This place rocks!!!  The food is amazing and the atmosphere is perfect.  I would recommend the  Hawaiian Ceviche, Shrimp Rolls and Lobster Bisque - all were fantastic.  Bring a date, I'm sure they would be impressed.
Great food for a decent price! Their garlic chicken wings are superb. I will definitely say it's a hole in the wall. Nevertheless, I'll  sacrifice ambiance and great service for yummy Chinese. It's hard finding decent Chinese food in Phoenix. This here is one of them!
Won't go back, local vibe, bad music, slow service
For a quick and delicious bite I recommend this place.  Burgers were juicy and very flavorful, the fries were delicious. I will most likely go back to this place next time I visit the Excalibur.
cant put gas in my car or go in to buy something without being begged for change even had some ratchet try to get at me to buy her a beer like wtf
Had a great experience there the other day. I had a small issue on a product I bought. The next day Scott, the owner, promptly took care of it and exceeded all of my expectations. Love this shop and their great attention to customer satisfaction!\n\nGot my eyes on one of their great selections of scopes and sights.
The place has a great feel to it. I had the carne asada and it was OK.
It's tough to find quality Vegan food when you don't know the area. Came to Vegas on business. Googled Vegan Las Vegas and this came up as one of the choices.  It was awesome!!  The family atmosphere, the very friendly service and the best vegan sushi I have ever had.
not very clean environment, waitress is rude. I received the worst service ever in my life. food is not authentic Chinese flavour at all, overall an awful experience. not recommended. \u5c31\u662f\u6d17\u5566
This place has bad service, lazy waitresses and a negative staff! Do no come here for \"happy\" hour!
Service was good. Food was anything but spectacular. A pricey menu that didn't live up to the high expectations. The place is clean but location is not classy as it is still next to a gasoline station. I do not recommend this place.
I always get their yellow chicken curry rice bowl. It's SO good and they give you a ton do there's always leftovers. And their bubble tea is awesome. Lulu's is definitely a place you'll want to go back to again and again.
This is our first time here over all the experience was amazing. The employee explain everything on the menu. The service was a first-class service every employee was attentive to every customer in the restaurant. Everything that we tried was amazing I really recommend you to try the pork bun and chicken drummies. Thank you Yusho
Good brewery, just like the one in San Diego but bigger. Love their beer, always fresh and always a good seasonal to choose from. A little ways down the strip but still easy to get to and not too pricey. Good food for sure with nice beer pairings. Good place for a chill lunch and brew without breaking the bank.
I haven't had good tabbouleh since Emily's Deli in Minneapolis.  Stephonano's tabbouleh is amazing and the pita bread is crazy delish (better than Holy Land).  I plan to check them out again and order something besides salads.
Friendly service and Chris enjoyed his brew. Pizza was tasty. We were deep in conversation so not really paying attention, but we enjoyed everything. Super glad I could get a little salad with our pizza. Perfect sizes to share between two people. Great lunch spot!
Pretty sure I just saw the lady who taking the drive thru order licked her fingers and got pickled veggies for a customer with her bare hands....\n\nBurritos are good, carne asada fries suck.. It's crinkle fries not regular ones...
I like the pho and I especially like the chicken bun. Although $10 for bun is a bit steep for the area and the spring rolls were very strange.
The shu mai is not that good. The noodle soups (mami) are ok. The chicken was a total let down. I do not really get this place. The food is not that great. Way too over rated for me. I would not go out of my way to go to this place.
We had three dishes:\n- duck (very good)\n- unilaterally cooked salmon (amazing)\n- dessert tasters (wow)\nWe also had good wine and very good service.\nThis place is just a must-be-there
Very happy that I got to play with big boy toys.
i have never had an issue  here. i like it
Service was fast and friendly. I usually go for the lunch special which is a great deal and the food is excellent.\n\nI suggest the Chili Mint Chicken, absolutely delicious. \n\nDefinitely recommend this spot if you're ever in the area and are looking for an affordable but satisfying meal.
We had reservations for 8:30 on Saturday night, but were not seated until 9:30.  We had to wait an entire hour at Allegheny Wine Mixer (great place).  The food was good but not enough to wait an hour for seating with a reservation.
meh..
I used to LOVE this place. But the service was TERRIBLE. The woman was so slow and put her FINGER in my food!!!! I won't be coming back.
Since the move to the other side of this plaza, this Goodwill is more spacious, and can hold more items.  Clothes are separated by color, and there is always a large selection of household goods and electronics and knick-knack type stuff.  The half-price Saturdays can't be beat!
Came in after a wedding with 4 other exhausted friends. After over 30 minutes, we're all served profoundly undercooked chicken (blood pools in the middle of all pieces). The server apologized and took our new order. We left a half hour later after not being served. The server never returned. There were only two other patrons.
Wow a burger \nWhat service\n1st time I dined inside \nStaff and management were superb \nI was in awe \nI don't even know what I ate\nThey really cheered up my mood and day\nThanks WAB!
I was very dissatisfied with our service at the drive thru. \"Izzy\" the girl that helped us was very rude and changed the size of our meal from large to regular, unfortunately we didn't notice until we got home. I will not be going back to this location.
Two thumbs up! Great service! Great food! Must try! \n-Daniel j group 2 culture and cuisine
Great customer service. Food and drinks come out quick and the happy hour is amazing! 5-7pm and 12-2am. Had the cheapest dinner today for 2.
We always somehow make our way here when we come to Vegas. This place is always packed, for good reason. The food is great and the service is fast. Big bonus points for being open 24 hours. Need one of these in Seattle!
Is there a no star option? What is the point of Dollar Express membership if you stand in line for 30 minutes. Every time I come here I am stuck in a long line to get my car. Miserable.
Waited 15 minutes while 2 servers at bar. Was never acknowledged and decided not worth the wait at 3 in the afternoon. Manager was kind however the customer service was at it poorest. Headed to On The Boarder!
Dr.yu is the best. Gave one star because of the staff. The black girl at the reception was rude, unfriendly, and not at all helpful. The nurse I got was like mr. Gringe, no smile. The staff that day needs special training in patients care.
Good was disappointing, bread was flavorless, service was incredibly slow. Patio is lovely but doesn't make up for the slow service.
Not so friendly staff \nThe food was fine in the buffet \nBut try the mango custard  is very  delicious \nThe thing which I didn't like when I payed for buffet , they charged and accounted my son who is 3 years
Had the lunch special chicken and my friend had the lunch special beef and the salad, miso, and food was fresh and good sized portions.
Got a few arrangement from them but they are not very consistent. I've have bought $50-$100 arrangement and every year no matter the price or flowers they have been becoming smaller and smaller and not as well put together. I will not be repurchasing from them again.
personal customer service and great products always!!!!!!!!!!!\nthis is the spot and go to place for batteries chargers juice and more\n\none of my vape shops i go to on the top of the list......
Need more of these in the valley upgrade from chili's. I like their menu food is good. Great happy hour. Didn't care to much for crab cakes
Had an amazing time at the club crawl! Great clubs, great deals, and a great group. The hosts seemed to really care and wanted to make sure everyone had an amazing time. For sure doing this every time I go to Vegas.....
Food is mediocre service is lousy. I'm sitting here right now and have been out of water and done eating for 20 min...
I order from here all the time. The pizza takes me back to when I was in high school and we used to run to a different pizza place by the school and get a slice for $1. MMMMMmmmmm. Nothing fancy, just plain old take out pizza. I like it.
Greasy pizza, TERRIBLE service. Expect to wait more than an hour for mediocre at best pizza.
First time there and its excellent,.service with a smile, how refreshing! And the tacos and burgers are great, a place well worh the money!
Wings were good but the service was not good at all. Walked in the front door and waited with 2 other guys and had to get a server's attention to be seated. Our server was ok bit we asked for dipping sauces and refills before we got them.
The service is what makes this place a restaurant worth returning.  This Glendale location is better than the ones closer to my house.
I don't like an Idea of not changing coals first but hookah was great and girls over there are extremely friendly. Nice place to hanging out with friends. Strongly recommend.
Awesome smoke shop! Can't say any bad things about this place. The son and dad are really nice and provide great customer service. I always come here for my hookah flavor and coal and will continue to do so!
I heart Big Ass Margs\nDrink til someone pees their pants\nTalkin' bout you, Steph.\n\n\n(b)
I was on the east side for work and I came across this place. Absolutely amazing. I got their chicken pad thai, my favorite thai cuisine. I'm not on the east side very often, but whenever I am, I will definitely go back. The food was amazing. Service was very fast. Very clean and quiet as well.
Horrible Food, Excellent Service. Food served ice cold.
Love the food. But, they really must rethink their coffee sevice system. It does not work when they are busy. Which is most of the time.
The mack shack was bland both our dishes the crazy alfredo and schrimp scampi were bland.com @macshack hey do better!
Did not stay here, but I would have loved too. Loved the vibe, look, and feel to this place. The pub restaurant smelled so good walking in. The check in area was nice and huge. The casino was a good size. They have good ice cream at Jean Phillipe's. This is on my list to stay!
We went here last weekend for breakfast, and boy, has this place slid in quality.  Place looked really dirty inside, portions got smaller, prices went up, and all the experience did was make me miss Kashmans even more.  We won't go back.
I love this place...for the AWESOME margaritas!  OMG, one of those and I can't remember what the food tastes like.  All I know is the leftovers are pretty damn good for the next day's breakfast.
Enjoyed a delicious quick meal here on my last trip trough CLT. The patty melt, sweet potato fries, and large beer were served quickly.
Decent cupcakes, very buttery.\n\nTried the red velvet, vanilla, and coconut cupcakes. I personally liked the red velvet and coconut more. I think Georgetown cupcakes in DC were better.
Aruba ... all I have to day is Reggae !!! I love dancing to this music and  there is no other place that plays it all night long... It's a little bit ghetto but I love it !!!
Famous for their spam and eggs.  Enough said.
Wow.....I'm not a rib lover,until now.The food is amazing.....Sandee
Typical food. Nothing fancy. No frills. But nothing bland or horrible either. If you're just looking for a place to eat, this will do.
I have been to the branch a few times since my original review.  If Chase monitors their comment pages, my review may have had and an effect.  I'm no longer asked questions about my financial services etc.
I've been a customer for over 15yrs! Great service, Great atmosphere for ALL.\nA virtual social \"melting pot\" of culture, history, and Vegas experiences.\nMike and Troy, Curt, \"Tim-O\" will leave you \"A Cut Above the Rest\"!
My family likes to meet here.  I've yet to have a meal I really even liked here.  The service was fine but I just don't ever really leave satisfied.
Came  hear and left. I was taking my 6 year old to dinner. I initially asked waiter how much for a six year old? They said same price as adult. I don't think so. My 6 year old is not going to eat same as me. Didn't get to try them :(
Awesome pool.
Second best Buffet place in Vegas when it comes to BBQ!  This place has it all!  Korean BBQ  to American BBQ, to Mongolian BBQ.  You can't go wrong for the price that you pay.  Also if you have a players card, it is so affordable compared to the other buffets.
Nice, artsy experience. Bartender interesting to watch invent a new cocktail. Beautiful presentation. Delicious Guacamole and Queso Fundido con Chorizo.
Reasonably priced and delicious this is THE dumpling house of China-town!\n\nLarge variety, and always savory - definitely worth the stop. You can also make your own dipping sauce from the traditional ingredients at the table.\n\nYou have every meat option - veggy, shrimp, pork, beef etc
Add instant ramen, add a slice of beef, commercialize it as hip, sell for 8 dollars = Satanism. No Thank You Republic Ramen, No Thank You and Never Again.
Very loud. Be prepared to have to about shout at the person you're with to be heard.  The food was not good.  I would suggest you skip this place.
The crummy service I have experienced here is OVER! The rude waiter has been let go. Thank you! I LOVE El Palacio & make it a point to visit  \nonce a week. The lunch specials are very cheap & you get TONS of   delicious food.
Great food. Spaghetti with meatballs yummy along with pizza  & boar ragu pasta. Happy hr at bar all day.
I love this place's prices - and usually their wide variety - cannot be beat. But 2x now I've discovered ants in my home shortly after shopping there thanks to produce left on the counter.  And I HATE ants.  So I'm just going to be lazy and shop at Safeway :(
Aside from Church and home.\n\nThe HFA and BMC are my third home.\n\nI've learned so much from the music program, and I'm very pleased with my professors.\n\nI can't wait for the Fall 2011 semester! :D
The food is just okay; definitely nothing special. The chicken was dry and burnt. However, our waiter was extremely friendly. Will not be back though.
Come on what a blast last night watching the ASU game!  Go devils.  Watched on the big screen..  Packed for karaoke,  Clint rocks as a server thanks for taking such good care of us!
Great 'Bar Makeover' candidate. Wait staff good. strange smell inside. Food good one day all wrong the next visit. Prices too high for inconsistent quality. Burgers are typically solid.  They claim to be \"working man bar\". Not what I would call a cheap price for the semi dive bar atmosphere.
They did the work, but Cheryl Glenn was the most un-understanding person I've ever met. She was running around yelling at the lot guys, totally unprofessional. I feel bad for all those who have to deal with her and her attitude in the service department...
This is an awesome place to bring the family and friends! I took my girlfriend and her daughter for breakfast it was so good we went back the next day!
We were told the wait was 20 min even though there were 10 empty tables - menu is NOT vegan friendly waitress not helpful with substituting would not recommend or come back
This is the 2nd time we've come early enough but the host guy didn't want to seat us so we are going elsewhere ... $300 tab .... Your loss mutha fuckas !!!!
Very good experience here. The staff is friendly and very helpful, prices are competitive with big box stores without compromising quality, and the turnaround time beats anyone else I've seen in Madison. It's also a locally owned business, which is important to me. I'll definitely be returning here with my framing from now on.
I rock climb and my nails STILL survive... if that isn't a testament to how amazing this place is I don't know what is! The people are always super friendly and if there IS a problem they fix it for free and very quickly! They are very reasonably priced and their work is top notch!
Ate here for breakfast twice this week while visiting from out of town. The yogurt crunch and light start were both excellent. Also tried a latte and a chai latte. Both were phenomenal.
Great Store if this will be your very first time exposed to basic basic Japanese stuff.. you must travel to L.A. if you're looking for the true selection. Kid's will love this place.
Always a line here but the food is worth the wait! I die for the blueberry pancakes and my husband loves the \"Dutch Baby.\" My only gripe is they only take cash and I am a hardcore debit gal. Excellent breakfast and terrific prices.
Super nice staff, great food. My favorite is the French dip N Paul's \"chips\"
Creeeeepy. Very pink. Slow service. Brimming with weird old people. Ice cream was good, though.
Best bread in the world, better than Paris itself.\n\nYummy steak, good frites, and how can you go wrong people watching and a front row view of the Bellagio fountains?!
If you could give zero stars, I would.  Seated on a Wednesday afternoon for a drink and sat, then sat, then sat some more.  Apparently no one was interested in taking our order as no one stopped by our table so we left after 10 minutes.
Mediocre. Nothing special, service good. Salad mostly iceberg lettuce. Pizza sauce too plain for my taste.
So much fun and 80's cheese galore!
coming from NY.. this place is really nothing but a subway sub with the name Mr Goodcents on the front of the building.. Nothing special at all..
Pathetic one, food is costly and quantity is not even worth enough for one person.we brought mutton biryani for 16$!!!! it is such a premium rate and it was not sufficient for even a one person.
You will see I left them a rave review at one point. Well, they changed recipes and most of their food tastes different.  \n\nWent twice more just to make sure it wasn't an off day. Dont bother doing here .....
Lowes.....HD..... cheaper than Ace so if it's in the neighborhood I am working in then I'm hitting the closest spot. They give military discounts so thats a plus!
so delicious!  I work right next door. Its casual, but up scale dining. Its a little pricey but it is worth it. I love the olive oil thats intended to dip your pizza in. the workers are all nice and helpful. An italian family owns the resturant. Been there many times with always a good experience
Great sushi. Reasonably priced. I got it delivered. No complaints. I enjoyed it very much.
Last time I went there the food is very bad.  Fried chicken was head and dry, sinigang na isda has lots of Bones the fish is not fresh, most of the food are cold the shrimp or meat that they put in the dish is very frugal never will I go back there again.  Sorry!
another forever 21 and forever picking out clothes lol sorry charlie.. sh opping time lol
I went here again the other day and Victoria helped me again with an awesome dress for a holiday party just $69!! Thanks Victoria!
Gonna keep this really simple because I'm tired. Bad food. End of story!
These guys are a bunch of clowns.  The service is always rude and I'm always overcharged for food.  On a scale of 1-10 I'd give the food a 7 but the service has been a 1 every time I've eaten there.  Will not be doing business with them any more.
I got the sloppy joe on a bun and it had the perfect kick. One the best sloppy joes Ive ever had. Next time im going to try the burger. Nice little joint nestled near the paradise valley hospital. Great staff and very friendly
So I was here about 2 yeas ago and it was fine. Came here today because we were in the area and hungry. We got burgers and fries. It was okay. Onion rings were good but not very many. Service was ok.
The best makeup and beauty place EVER.
Yuck.  The worst I have encountered.  I could not eat.
really nice place to gamble, but bring your own Oxygen:)
Fantastic bar menu...\ngreat drinks, great atmosphere.\nExcellent brunch.  Really like this place.
What a complete rip off!\n\nI ordered two dinner bento boxes at $20 each.  Each one did not come with a miso soup, had old lettuce for a salad, fake crab in the california rolls and dried salmon.  One of the worst values I have had in Vegas.
We stumbled across this hole-in-a-wall last week and I've already been to it twice. Great food (loved the Turkey burger) and pretty reasonable prices. Liked ordering food on the IPads :). Nice touch.
It's Arby's.  Nothing much to say.
Fantastic food. Try the sparkling blueberry sake. It's worth $16 for a bottle. I highly recommend coming here and getting the steak and chicken combo. And definitely get the fried rice. I come here often and will continue to.
Went here with some friends and was not familiar with the menu.  The order counter seemed confusing to me too. Got a turkey sandwich,  but think they used miracle whip not mayo.  Not a fan though.
Love the good and the ambiance. Service can be a little slow, but friendly. Today was very fast, despite only two servers on, but it was a slow time of day.
Good quality food,  unfortunately the service was lacking. Our waiter was surprised that I wanted a second drink.  I actually had to call him over because the empty glad on the edge of the table didn't catch his attention.
LOVE the shawarma here. Food is great. Lunch times are always busy - but the line moves fast enough that you can't get too upset. \n\nGreat for on the go lunches when you need to get back to the office.
I feel that it is over priced, you can get 5 cookies which are good but small for $8.00 again over priced. The food is just okay, I have been twice but probably won't go back.
Food is amazing at a great price!!!!!! Try the tandoori chicken and the hummus! ! YUMMYY
Great pizza from their Neapolitan pizza oven - Neapolitans invented it - how could it get better - pleasant atmosphere - unpretentious - reasonable price - wonderful pasta and gnocchi
This place was a disappointment. Overpriced, especially considering you basically make your own meal. Service isn't fantastic, and it's a boring atmosphere. I won't be returning.
I would give zero star if I could have. 8 of us from the office ordered some food today, we called at 11 to have it delivered at 11:30. The guy was an hour late and only brought 7 orders. Worst place ever.
Great little casual, NY Italian spot that we keep coming back too.
My favorite buffet Mondays only because of the beef soup. Good food reasonable price. Chicken , noodles ,fried rice, all part of the buffet. Plenty of things to eat. Very busy all the time. Not in the best area but I still go. Lots of celebrities come here to eat.
Very Good but not great unfortunately.  I had the full course tasting menu and was mainly impressed with the dessert offerings.  Being not much of a dessert guy, this was a letdown since I had such a high expectation.  The other dishes are not as memorable for me.
What can I say about this place other than great energy, amazing DJ's, and the line doesn't take long to get through unlike many other clubs in Vegas.  \n\nI went for back to back nights and had a blast both nights.
We had a showroom in the back for a 20 year high school reunion. The manager in charge of our party was Jimmy. He and our two servers were awesome!
Very happy with the quality and price of the carpet we purchased from Amir.  His customer service is excellent.  The installers were on time and did a very good job as well.  Highly recommend and would purchase from Amir again.
Best tortillas in town! I like the green chile burro.
Nice selection of fish, pasta, salads.\nFriendly and attentive employees/servers.
Amena had really good service and have really good plates.They have great prices I recommend it.
Very disappointed. I've never seen or tasted a more disgusting burnt thin crust pizza. And they fact they delivered it to me is even more pathetic. I tried to reach out for the manager with no success. They are quite friendly at Papa Johns across the street.
OMG love the buffy bar and the Miranda! I have been by here many times but until recently I have never walked in. The sales staff that followed me around was nice but it started to get a little strange. Hubby had to save me. Overall I love the items I purchased and will return
The pizza was very good and came out to our table quickly!  Great flavor and so many options to choose from!!\nVery fresh and great ingredients.  Great pizza and could be best in Madison.
This DMV is packed to the gills with a 45 minute line just to pick up a number. With more efficient processes (reservations anyone?) and a more clearly written website fewer people would need less help. The one staff member we finally met was quite helpful...but it would be great if the facility was better managed.
The red curry is good not great..Good price and good service. I recommend coming during dinner time for more options.
The place seems good to me. I had no problems here. The food was good and cheap and the workers were friendly and polite.
A very small and easily overlooked restaurant a little outside the city centre, but it offers you a very good Italian dining experience in a very cozy little dining room.
Cheap.  No stadium seating.  Nice crowd.  Great value.  Friendly staff
Good naan and Punjabi veggies. The restaurant was nice and staff was friendly.
This is my neighborhood Smiths and I have mediocre experiences here. The customer service is lacking at the checkout stands. And I'm usually hit up by a homeless drug user in the main foyer or parking lit more often than not. \n\nBut their prices are all right!
A casual place to eat and drink in Tempe.  Lots of outdoor seating and is a great place to come with a group of peeps to eat, drink and be merry.
A great setting and amazing service. Weak beer selection.  Snacked,  but the food served looked and smelled delicious.
Great summer menu going on right now with fun drinks. So convenient if you're staying at the W.
Awful experience. Server was rude. Food was average. Ordered the short rib, it was more fat than meat. Sent it back and got another piece even more fatty. Disappointing experience.
Pros: \n1. Cozy rooms \n2. Across the street from Hard Rock Hotel.\n3. Nice pool!\n\nCons:\n1. Most of the staff speaks Spanish.\n2. Pricey\n3. Pool hours
The service here is great and the coffee is superb. Downstairs is lovely, bigger than you'd think. Would recommend the baked potatoes and the giiiiiant tuna salad but watch out for the oil, heavy handed.
I have stayed at Encore and thoughts I'd try out Wynn.  Although it is very nice, I feel the level of service at Encore is better.  \n\nIf you can choose between the two, choose Encore!
Closed. New owners re-opened. Now O'Shay's No experience with the new place yet.
Wow!  Great store!  I love the salad bar.  The food was amazing.  The store is fun to shop in.  The quality sound of the food is excellent.  This rivals the store near La Jolla-my favorite Whole Foods.  I will be back when I am in the area.
Went there for the first time. great food, great service, great portions. Good ambience.
Nice sized hotel.  They have a liquor store with some of the cheapest prices in Vegas.  Never stayed here but have deposited a few bucks into their machines and at their tables.
Their veggie burger is no good!\n\nDon't be fooled by the decor. Sure it looks nice but\nthe food isn't that great at all! overpriced and underwhelmed.
Good sushi and all you can eat. Also other taste choices for anyone that doesn't like sushi as everyone else in the party . Make the trip every time family is in Vegas.
Now that Border's has closed they are really the only game in town.  I buy most of my books online at Amazon but come here to browse and then buy my travel guides.
Terrible customer service! I love the merchandise, but each and every time I have gone in there...the service is terrible...and I walk out. I won't spend money in a place that does not know how to treat people.
Great views, best of the city.  Bar at top was good planning with good 4$ margaritas.  Pricey to go up, but unbelievable views and fun watching the rides.  Go at night for the most impact.
Great location for gambling! Its cheap for the Roullete $25 chips and $1 minimum bet! If you do or do not want to spend a lot, here is the place! Great cocktail service! And good people!
Conchinita Tacos and Mahi Mahi tacos this time around. Hint to the locals, Mondays is 50% off for ALL LOCALS!!
Close proximity to my gate is the only reason to return.  Cold lobster bisque and the mahi is undercooked.  Beer is somewhat cold, but service is typical for airports.
They change it seasonally, a great space for a stroll.  I highly recommend it.
We spent a nice morning learning and sampling tea. The young lady behind the corner was very knowledgable and friendly. There were various \"tea toys\" for the tea enthusiast.
Ordered delivery. We got food poisoning from the mussels. Called and spoke with manager who responded by saying they had served a few orders already and thanks...click.  Well played.....a@@@hole
I was not please with this little donut shop they are pretty pricey. I got 5 donuts and half\nOf my donuts were not cook all the way they all had a very weird taste to them.
This franchise has great food but I've noticed in some of the locations there's always workers that half ass the food just because maybe they're lazy. Just hope you actually get the people that give you great service and hospitality other than that I love the burrito of course in enchilada style!!
Bad food. Raw food. On top of that bad service. Avoid this place unless you are so hungry that you can eat pretty much anything.
We called them twice and they came out the same day. Honest and reliable people which is hard to find
Brandon unloaded our pack rat container the same day we contacted him and got it done in just under 2 hours! We will be using him again, he did a quick and professional job!
Walked out due to unfriendly hostesses, and our server never showing his face for ten minutes! Hostess went to find our server, and he totally ignored our table when he came out. And, we are guests of Palazzo. BAD experience.
Worst service ever.  20 minutes for a steak sandwich and a rude cashier. Felt like a rip off and the guy told us... \"It is what it is\". I will never return to this place and hope that others feel the same way.
very good service food was alright.
My Fianc\u00e9 and I went there last night and loved it! The best salmon sashimi I have ever had. The rolls were delicious. My favorite is the poke roll. Definitely a place to go back to!
Stayed on the 3rd floor in a suite for a couple of weeks.  I liked the close proximity to Oldtown, laundry was on my floor, breakfast was decent, and staff very friendly.  The hotel was kept clean and for the most part provided very gracious service.\n\nI would stay here again.
Favorite neighborhood bar.  Good bartenders, good food (now Angelina's runs the kitchen), and good folks who come in.
I only go for special events and am never let down by the atmosphere, ambiance, and selection.  Can't comment on the gambling but it is always bumping in the casino - the smell of smoke though reminds me of despair...
First;  I had to count the donuts for the young girl.  Second; I asked about selection of bagels, only two types.  Her comment was \"bagels aren't out thing\".  We'll take them off your menu.  Donuts were fresh but so are Bashas for less and much better service.
Atmosphere was pretty nice, food was bland, and the wait staff reasonable but didn't try to be helpful. I didn't hate this place, but I can't imagine that I'll be back.
Ugh, a casino.\nLots of smoking people looking sad being brought drinks by sad looking women in hot pants and tights.\n\nWhen I say sad I do not mean unattractive, I mean, they look so unhappy to be working there, ugh...
Nice place to sit with some wine and people watch.  It was packed with students the day I went and it was a great time.
Amazing food, atmosphere and staff!!! A wonderful experience and I will be back every time I visit the Scottsdale area!
Pricey but liked their selection, mild flavor, and presentation...\nMy kind of Japanese restaurant in Vegas
This is a must see and must return with guests cruise-  especially those guests who say \"but there is no lakes in AZ!\"  Beautiful Nature Cruise with 5 big horn sheep, eagles, ducks and more- enjoy!
I went to massage envy in boca park for the 49.99 first time client massage and I will not be returning! It was the worst massage I have ever received and I couldn't wait for it to end! If you want a good relaxing massage DO NOT go here!
Waitress had no idea what she was doing, food was only OK and they forgot my wife entire entre. Drinks and food is way overpriced.  All in all a bad experience. We won't be going back.
Excellent value, exceptional quality. Absolutely the best AYCE sushi in Las Vegas. We've tried the others, but nothing compares to S21!
Great service, very polite and professional. They told me it would take 35 minutes, it was done in 15. Desert wireless is the best!
It's cheap and tacky and gimmicky. \n\nThe brightly-colored, frozen fruit-flavored drinks are basically slushies with alcohol in them. \n\nThe whole enterprise is an embarrassment to good taste.
Casino: \nA little on the older side but overall great slot machines and table games.  \n\nLove the upgraded modern rooms and the prices are reasonable for being on the strip and centralized to a lot of restaurants and shopping.\n\nThe staff is always nice.
Straightforward Italian fast food, efficiently served on New Years Eve
The Chilean sea bass was amazing. The atmosphere was great and so was the service.
They carry such a great selection of healthy foods, and always have a sampling table of something great!\n\nThe prices are awesome too!
Everything about this restaurant is amazing! The decor and food is fantastic and the owner is fabulous - love her! \n\nWe sampled quite a few things and while I loved it all, my favorite was the beef salad. Can't wait to go back!
Excellent experience! The staff is very helpful and friendly, the rooms are very nice, the hotel scenery is great. Plenty of shops inside. The water show is a must see. Conference rooms very nice, only small pick is they are far from the rooms. Would definitely stay here again.
Fried pickles ... that's all I have to say. Beer was great, server was awesome and the crowd was cool. I've been once, but it was definitely worth going again, especially for the happy hour(s)... Pretty awesome if i do say so myself.
Los Alamos is CLOSED for good.
Not only is he amazing with his wedding clients, but he is a joy to work for.  He loves his work and enjoys his clients.  There is no other place he would rather be than photographing your wedding day.   I look forward to working with Chadwick again.
Chicken fried steak, bread pudding... Outstanding!!
Stopped by for a late night dinner. Boyfriend and I were both very happy with the food. Decently priced, good quality food. I'll definitely be back.
The food was great, and I definitely plan on giving this place another go, but it came out really slow.  It took forever to get our food.  The service was good except for that. \nMaybe my next experience will be different.
Not so great... Salads are soggy and there is something about dirty bathrooms and really bad upholstery with the combination of swatting flies  away from your food that makes you want to run from that place.
This place has been here from the 60s and I would say very little has changed.  It's an old school ice cream parlor.  The seats are not very comfortable but that just adds to the authenticity of this charming place!
This particular Food Lion is tucked into a recently developing area... kind-of Whitegate, kind-of Steele Creek. However, definitely had some questionable expiration dates for dairy products, and vegetables were decent at best. Check the milk dates!
The food is pretty decent. I had a chicken burrito bowl which did remind me a bit of chipotle but it definitely doesn't compare. Don't get me wrong it was good but chipotle is way better
Yeah, it was expensive, but our sandwiches were huge and tasty and the service was good. Also, we were able to sit at the bar and have a beer while watching the women's world cup soccer game, which couldn't be done at most other restaurants we checked out before stopping here.
There is a disconnect here between this name, the decor and the food. That said, I had the best pork chop I've ever had here and for that I was endlessly thankful. Good salad, delicious bread and hummus. Great service. For Pittsburgh, top notch.
All I have to say is Hayley is very talented. I had a great experience here, you may need to be patient. I took me about 3 months to get in to see her, but was well worth the wait.
I really liked food here. Small plates but big in flavor. Beautiful decor, whimsical, beautiful tile work behind the bar. Had chicken fritters served in a shoe, so good I almost took a bite out of the shoe. Had uni and a tomato lime shrimp plate-fantastic. Many more to try.
I'd call it a bar but whats the point when they won't serve you for no reason other than wearing the wrong team ballcap? Place is a dump, the bartenders are trashy and not even remotely attractive, even on Fremont levels. You want to have a better time on Fremont go somewhere else like The Griffin.
Good clean and refreshing. They have healthy yogurt for your shakes. The fruit was fresh.
Heaven, I'm in heaven... Bacon
i love this place. the beer is good, the growlers are cheap, and the staff is friendly. and in a city where beer is as hard to come by as it is in Pittsburgh, it's comforting that local breweries like this exist.
This place is great!  George the shift leader was incredible. His team was friendly and happy especially since it was a half hour after closing. The music was upbeat and hip. Ill definitely be coming to this location more often. Oh yeah, and of course my food was great!
Skimpy on toppings.  You can design your own pizza and customize it but it is a waste of time. Ordered extra cheese, extra sauce and 2x the sausage but wasn't there.  Crust was undercooked.  don't waste your money, order Pizza Hut.
HORRIBLE service! Half of the staff walked out of the place while we were sitting there. Not very clean either.
This is an awesome restaurant in Downtown Scottsdale.  Absolutely great homemade food!  Find it; try it!  You won't regret it!\n\nKA
Ordered a pepperoni pizza to be delivered to our hotel room.  It came quickly.  Cost was around $20 Canadian.  It was hot and good even if a little bland.  The ingredients were fresh and if I am not mistaken the cheese was whole milk mozzarella.
Great steak! Great food! Great wine! My wife and I enjoy this place greatly and love to eat here. Service is great too. Ask for your steak to be peppercorn! It's awesome when they do this to any steak you pick.
OK Surprise folks. We need to make this place stick around! Italian beef with that heavenly liquid cheese is great. Italian sausage is grilled which adds a nice nutty flavor. Fry's are just OK but the sandwiches are the stars here. And don't forget the giardinira!
This place use to be good. I was just served by a guy that was strung out on heroin (no doubt) and couldn't answer the patron's simple questions.
Freakin sucked. Wait staff sucked food sucked, I wish the pirate ship would sail right thru. It only gets a star cause it won't let me post my comment without it!
This restaurant has the freshest food with the most flavorful burgers.  I highly recommend Habit should you need a quick bite to eat thats well worth every penny.  The Staff is incredible and always smiling.
So far agree with the customer service. These guys should go find another job.
Pasta was terrible, pizza was horrible. This is a place that uses tourists ignorance and charges an arm and leg.  Stay away.
Bad service. Burger terrible. Wrong order. Main meal came out before appetizer. Sorry but never going back again. Server didn't even care we did not eat our food and the check had items we did not get.
Another disappointment in Scottsdale...No more franchises, please.\nBelow average sweets, that's it!
Below average, over priced, under served.  Better off with Fantastic Sam's.
I called five contractors to paint our house.  Two didn't respond.  Of the three that did, Casey was easily the most professional and provided the most detailed information.  The price was also very competitive.  Great job, great clean-up.  Our house looks so much better as we had the outside walls painted as well. Everything was as promised.
Everyone who works here is very slow. I asked a lady if anything was gluten free and I wanted to make sure that it contained none because I am allergic.
Great pizza - great calazone's - don't care for the garlic cheese knots.
This place is amazing! The plates that comes with your own grill is the best! You grill your own food and you can share that with 3 people! It comes with tons of veggies, sauces, and spring rolls wraps! It will leave you so full! It totally worth the price!
this place was okay, not as good as miami.  the crabs were definitely frozen and stuff, i can get that in queens, no need to get in vegas.  if u want the stonecrabs, just go to miami for the real thing.
So I have been here a total of 3 times in 7 days.  Sushi Fuku is legit.  \n\nI wish this business well and hope they can expand their operations into Downtown.
Who doesn't love bubble tea!
Shoes for those advanced in age, shall we say.  Staff that acts as though they work at a winery in Tuscany ...rather than a shoes store in Pittsburgh.  Upon entering you will be judged immediately upon financial status via a sneering head to toe glance.  Strangers not welcome.
Very tasty but portions are tiny.   Order lots if you are hungry.
Dont come on a Sunday. You get seated very fast but the wait for your food after you order is very long. I ordered the crab cake bennidct and because the wait was so long, my eggs became hard not runny. The servers however very attentive.
the best mexican food i've ever had. the chips and salsa are to die for! fast and friendly service
Good food but terrible service. We've visited this restaurant three times this winter and each time it's the same lousy service and (last night) a very unhelpful waitress. Maybe we've just had bad luck at this place because so many people speak positively about both the food and service. Go figure.
always awesome cheeseburgers!
I love the cheesecakes here - my favorite is the Dulce de Leche!! The food is okay. I just wish there were more vegetarian options, so I can join my friends when they eat here.
This store had a lot of great designer clothes at good prices. The ladies were very helpful. I got several great items that I can wear for work! I highly recommend it!
The food here was \"ok\". The chips & salsa were good, but everything else was mediocre. I don't think the food was worth the price. Service was excellent.
They seem to always have great deals. Its a nice, clean store
I feel like I would have better luck shopping at finding things on the floor than on the shelf it's like all of the stuff was just thrown everywhere and wherever it landed it landed I guess I'm just not used to shopping at these kind of places but I would probably not recommend it
In the young, naive days before I discovered the joy of gyros, this place was just a late night grub and Greek mafia money laundering joint. Rooftop patio which was cool (but not in the winter when it would have been *very* cool).
Not clean Bad service RUDE and I will never go back. The restaurant smells bad
Great atmosphere. Lots of TVs. Not too crowded when we went.  Fish tacos were good but messy.  Flat iron steak sandwich was perfect! Delicious. Our server, Monique, was very good, too.  Been to Public House in Fort Lauderdale.  This one was definitely better.  Different menu, too
2 hrs in line and ended up having one of their corn dogs.  Yes, a corn dog...and that corn dog wasn't even fresh enough to be considered good.  That's all I gotta say about this place.
Only issue I have is there is typically no place to park if you drive. Oh and the bums taking up all the seats outside. WTF??
The people here are so awesome. We ordered and we were served right away.  There was enough meat in the carne asada tacos to make an extra taco! Plus it had guacamole that other places charge extra for. They are open late on the weekends too. Great for that after party stop. I will be back.
Really? $175 to pick up my daughter at 2 and watch her until 6 but 200 for all day for my other daughter?! These people are put of their mind lol
Enjoyed 2 fish tacos at Coconut's Fish Cafe yesterday after seeing many friends posts on FB. The service was incredible and the fish was fresh and great!!! I would recommend that every try Coconut's.......
Why does everyone talk about how good the banhmi is here? Its OK! i guess its only good because the bagguette is freshly baked in the store. It lacks flavor and the coi cuon had way too much noodles. The coffee is very good though!
You gotta visit this store! Trina was the best and so energetic. Can't wait to visit again.
Tried this place with my hubby for a snack and totally fell in love with their food. It's a great cheap eat in the heart of Vegas (next to the Wynn). Make sure you taste their spicy pork tacos! They are just fantastic! (and cheap, 1 taco = $2)
I was very happy with my buffalo chicken sandwich and onion rings. Pizza was good also. Many TVs for a good sports bar setup.
Just awful.  How do you screw up  breakfast?  Rubbery bacon, undercooked/raw french toast. Folgers quality level coffee. Will not be back.
If you like sausages, EDM and the smell of bleach, this place is for you! Trying way too hard to be swank in a town much better suited to chill lounge. The only good thing is that I discovered Ami's next door.
Just ok. Nice service. ..really overpriced. For 12$ there were exactly 3 tiny crumbs of bacon in my bacon cheese omelette.  Meh. The bacon on the side of the other plates were delish and well cooked as we're the potatoes.
Great local pub if you live in or near Mountain's Edge.  The staff is very friendly and accommodating.  They have a traditional bar for adult nights out and a separate dining room if you're feeding the kiddies.  Reasonable prices and good food, you can count on Rounders for good times, people and eats.
We go here over Starbucks now, which says a lot because I used to work at Starbucks and I roast my own coffee at home. With tat being said, they are always quick and my beverage is always tasty. I prefer this place because it is less crowded and I can get in and out quicker than Starbucks.
This is one of my favorite places to eat.  Excellent food; fantastic decor.  I especially like to have dinner out on the patio.  I generally bring every out-of-town guest to eat here.
Came here in the early morning for coffee before work. The line was long, but somehow I was able to get my double shot frap quickly. Happy face.
amazing service, clean rooms and overall a amazing value for the price. I will be back.
Food was just OK.\nService was lousy.\nI had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.\nI should have stayed at work and eat my stuffers pizza & take a nap.\nVery dissapointed!!!!!!
booooo! Came here last night. They DO NOT offer the 2 for $20 deal anymore!! I got the pulled chicken sandwich this time. It was awful. They must not be making good money, because the quality went way down. No more Buzz BBQ for me...
This establishment doesn't even deserve 1 star. The food was mediocre & the staff unattentive. The staff seemed as if they didn't want to be there. This place is a huge tourist trap. If you want German food, you are better off trying Cafe Heidelberg.
FINALLY.  It's about time something worthy of this location took over.  This place is perfect if I feel like being a jerk to my waistline or light and healthy.  Service is smart and efficient which is awesome since NO ONE likes lines.  I just wish they stayed open later :/
Interesting combination of Chinese and Mexican food but it really works.  Jade Chicken, rice and beans.  I'd recommend giving it a try.  A ton of different choices and combinations.
Avoid the soups, especially the Hong Kong wonton. It's not what one would expect a wonton soup would be.
I have to agree, service was slow despite how desolate the restaurant. Food was good and service is extra polite. The workers at this restaurant are very very humble. I believe the food is cooked fresh, so this is a huge positive, compared to so many buffet style restaurants. It also explains the longer than usual wait times.
3 people working at the counter and no one to take my order- disapointed with the customer service.
Traditional, yet \ncomplex, a Tapas lover's \nIndian delight
After a long hiatus, we revisited this Red Robin. Our food was good, but the service is what stood out. Our waitress was great and very friendly. She checked in on us several times and made sure everything was good. All in all it was a great experience.
Don't get the godfather you will be on the toilet. Been on the toilet for an hour already. Tony your restaurant is going downhill.
Honestly...the food here isnt that great.  The quality of food is whatever and there were more inedible dishes than edible ones.  The prime rib is done decently well.  Not overly bloody or well done.  The soft serve custard was pretty good and i double fisted cotton candy on the way out!
Looked for a new place for lunch today. I love Mediterranean food and thought we would try this place out. The service was good but the food was sub par. Hummus needs more garlic and lemon :(
Love the family atmosphere, very welcoming & friendly, excellent service & beautiful quality jewelry!
Again, another amazing meal last night!  Ordered Som Tam, Gai Just Thai, Moo Phad Khing and a Phad Kee Mao.  Thanks guys!
We were here for their lunch buffet. The chicken tendori? was very tender. Coconut dessert was good. Everything was bit too salty.
Great service, very clean and comfortable!! Definitely recommend!!
Have been back at my husband's insistence. The owner returned from overseas and the food quality went up immediately - although all I've tried is the beef with broccoli which is quite good. The pork fried rice is awesome. Online ordering is definitely a plus, especially for takeout.
This place is amazing! Such delicious and interesting flavors. I don't think I'll ever be the same again. Makes the Gelato spot and Cold Stone taste like cardboard (and this place has better prices too).
The food here is amazing! Everything is delicious from the soup to the pitas! I would recommend this to anyone! A great change for a great price!
One of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. This is a lovely, elegant hotel. However the thing that makes it really stand out is the quality of customer service. The staff are simply wonderful - professional, frriendly, attentive.
Excellent craft beers on tap !  What more do ya need in an airport bar.\n\nFood is surprisingly good...and appears to be very fresh..\n\nCharming ladies behind the bar.
I actually came her for a drug rep dinner and I must say the food was amazing. I had the steak and it was utterly delicious. Topped off with the chocolate cake for dessert = perfect. I will definitely be returning.
Good mexican fix when I'm looking for a quick note at a fair price. Love the shrimp tacos!!
Went here because I heard they had low prices.  Maybe if you just shop their specials but guess I'll continue buying my liquor from Costco.  Employee working the register didn't seem to want to be bothered when I couldn't find what I was looking for.  First and last time going there.
The service was okay. The food menu is limited to a few things. I felt as if I might as well had stayed home and cooked. The food was hot and tasty though. I had my kids with me but it seemed to be mostly for older men who play golf.
Ordered the corn chowder and a club sandwich. Corn chowder was great but the bread on the club sandwich(wheat) did not taste good. The wife ordered eggs Benedict and they were very good.
Eh, but better airport food then usual
Best Thai in Vegas, by far.  It really is as good of Thai as I've ever had.  But they really do need to kick up their AC.
We had mojito and calamari! Man!!! It was delicious!! Plus fantastic service! Just perfect!!
The food is fairly good. Not the best I've tasted, but the atmosphere is great with the anime playing on TV and the cute, friendly waitresses dressed in their anime shirts. It has a very comforting feel. :) brings me back to my childhood.
The chicken strips and G fries were freshly made and were very good.  I look forward to going back for the 'chicken and waffles'.
I thoroughly enjoyed my stay. The rooms were clean and comfortable with a view of the mountains. The staff was exceedingly friendly. I especially appreciate how one woman at the front desk helped me plan my daily 5 mile run in an unfamiliar city. I also think the hotel did an excellent job accommodating my business meeting.
this show has a lot of talent, but it was alright. It has variety of acts. The show seemed to feel fast. the host was somewhat funny but not too funny. Not worth spending money on this show
Great shoes..but needed better service...and more sales too.. ;P
The drinks were amazing! My salmon was good but a slight bit too salty. Loved the bread pudding. The energy was great for celebrating and catching up with the ladies. I'd probably come back to visit the bar.
Vegan coconut cake...are you kidding me? Moist, crunchy toasted coconut shavings, thick creamy coconut frosting...I just shed a tear. Mandala Tea Room is such a delight! I am forever a slave to their desserts and teas.
Great place to host kids bday party if kids are older than 3 yrs. There are a total of eight huge bounce, climb and slides. Older kids can enjoy all of them while two year old can get enjoy a few of them. Even the pizza was very good. \n\nOverall a great place for kids.
Did not want to give one star. Horrible service, grouchy servers..... Worst service ive ever had. Do your family a favor.... Don't eat at golden china..... Especially if your Hispanic
Was asked for a choice of white or brown rice with my curry. Chose brown rice and was charged $4 without ever being told. Beware
I've been here twice for happy hour. The drinks are fine price-wise, and the food is ok - too greasy in some cases. I would come here again if the service were better. The first time we got a waitress with an attitude, and the second time the waitress apparently had better things to do than her job.
Good quality for the price. The food tastes very well like other people reviewed. It wasn't like real Japanese style, but it is still okay to have a decent meal in the casual atmosphere.
Made it to the soft opening lastnight had a good time. Look forward to going back. Didn't eat so can't rate that, but so far so good on the service.
Rude and careless staff. No sense of urgency or customer service. Little attention to detail. Do yourself a favor and drive a few extra miles to save a lot of time and aggravation.
Ordered for delivery.  Food showed up 30 min late, was cold and they refused to address the problem and then blamed us and told us they said they were going to be late.  Are you kidding me?
Ate here today.Music is way too loud.Chicken was good,but the cole slaw never tastes right.Would not take much to give it some flavor.All the booths were dirty and the seats in the booths are worn out.Needs a clean up.
This show was a bit slow for me.  It made me snooze for a little bit.
Their frozen hot chocolate is a bit over-rated. But the food was ok...and the portions are huge...service was great!
Over priced service and bad at time estaments
Overcrowded, cluttered store. Helpful staff but merchandise felt extremely cluttered. Underwhelmed with the selection.
i've been here 3 times now, but i only come here on sundays to get the 1/2 off any steaks which is really good. i recommend the 18oz bone in rib eye cooked to your request.
Don't waste your money folks!  Spent $10 on a wash & car was still dirty & Lot's of bugs left on front end. Had to go home & re wash/clean car!!
I am so happy I found Alyse because for years I have been looking for a stylist that is both affordable and great with blondes!
Having tried hundreds of Japanese restaurant in Asia, Europe and the US. This place is probably the best sushi place we had. A must go if you like sushi and you're visiting Vegas. Sake Orenji is their signature, a must try. Enjoy!
Amazing for $40/person. Giant king crab legs, big shrimp cocktails and a full room of desert. I am a petite person. It was way to much food. I skipped the salad station, the meat station, sushi station, pasta station, cheese station, the soup station and even fresh fruit.
One of my favorite places for a long time. You would never guess this is a national franchise. Don't let the name fool you as the pickle isn't that spicy. They also have Cholula sauce and a great pasta salad.
Safer and more fun than new Vegas. Younger crowd and better prices. Lots of cool new spots pop up here. Check out insert a coin
Just ordered a chicken breast sandwich at Samuel Adams in the Pittsburgh airport.  They served me flavored pressed chicken paste made to look like a grilled chicken breast.  Could not eat even one bite.  They did not charge me even though I offered to pay.   My reaction to their chicken paste must be fairly common.
Great clean newer suite with nice amenities. Pleasant desk staff. Thank you hotwire.
I had the chance to try this place the other day on UNLV  campus. I ordered the Bloody Bay and it was so yummy!\n\nPrices weren't too bad and service was quick! Definitely, going back to try some of the loaded waffle fries!
I came here to have my first In N Out Burger, and I was not disappointed!  I had a double double, animal style fries, and a milkshake.  When I'm on vacation, I don't like going to the same place more than once... we went back to In N Out.
Nothing to write home about, the chicken seems microwaved and the appetizers are meh. I've been there a few times, I live in the area and its really hard to find good Chinese food. If your looking for a quick oriental fix I'd say go for it.. otherwise look elsewhere.
I take this train almost weekly, and talk about punctual!  The driver is a machine, NEVER a minute late!
Horrible service plus very expensive food. Restaurant was empty and it took a half an hour for a waiter to come and take our order for drinks. Would not recommend.
Crystal and the manager Alex are extremely rude!  Definitely not what it used to be.  I heard they are under new management, too bad because the old coyote ugly was amazing!
I could eat the lentil soup for breakfast, lunch and dinner!\nThey are now offering a meal plan....delivered!  God, help me.
Downgraded to a solid 4. Wynn and Cosmo outdo here now. They ran out of King crab, so they served whatever was left from day before an blended in a very few pieces with the snow crab to fool the customer (doesnt work) and then they ran out completely. This was for Sunday brunch early morning.
My fianc\u00e9 and I love this place. The happy hour is great and ebi chili is great, and spicy! The ramen is great and we're obsessed with their weird cakes. The servers are super friendly and always helpful. Sushi is always tastey.
I recently ate there with my family. I had chow fun, my daughter had chicken chow mein, husband got the sweet & sour chicken. i personally thought the food was horrible and it gave us belly aches!
Way overpriced and not enough wax figures to see. Very disappointed and would never go back.
Love how upon arrival you are greeted by slot machines and life-size posters of Chip n Dales dancers! Terminal B lacks decent shopping, bars and restaurants (would come in handy when your flight is delayed). \n\nHighly recommend flying Virgin America
They want $50 just to come out but Mario Sounds like an honest guy
Being a vegan bodybuilder, this place really fits my needs.  They have several vegan options and sell plant based protein powders that can be added to smoothies.  Love the protein burger and can't wait for the weather to break so I can sit out on the patio.
Este restaurante lo unico que tiene de Guadalajara es el nombre.  Todo es comida chicana muy malita.  En el escusado habia un hombre semi desnudo aseandose...que asco. \n\nVerguenza ajena
CLOSED AGAIN!  Drove all the way out there to see Delphine Cortez who was supposed to perform tonight only to find the place dark and shuttered!  At least have the courtesty to pull down your website!
I had the basic car wash today. The plastic scratched the hood and trunk of my car. It also dropped chemicals which took paint off mycar. I took pictures. I called and left a message. I hope some one cares.
Delicious Adobada Tacos and asada/Adobada fries. Crowded, order first then Pay. Find a seat if you can.
I love the chipotle mayo on mycheesesteak.
Kincaid's is still very cool but disappointing.  Lunch service was slow even without a crowd. Waiter forgot my beer 3 times. My mom thought it could be CRS syndrome.\n\nTuna and burger sandwiches are quite tasty AND messy; it would be a good test to see the chef eat them with ease.
I went to Wild East today for a quick lunch and was wonderfully surprised by the full flavor of my Szechuan Chicken.  The Sweet and Sour soup was also yummy.  The prices were very, very reasonable.  Can't wait to go back and try the sushi!
Wow each teller takes breaks between every customer, do not have any concept how lines or next in line works.  Lazy tellers, nasty building. Feces on bathroom door handle.
I've came here a bunch & they're suppose to be open til 3. I drive 30mins across town, arrive at 1:45 & they won't serve me. I'm never coming back.
Friendly staff , fresh protein , great sauces  .. Awesome place for a heavy weekend lunch \nBy the way if you check in you can get your second bowl for 1/ 2 off.
The best sashimi in the valley.  I like the relaxed atmosphere here and not feel rushed to complete my meal.  Best make reservations if you plan on a weekend night out.  Better yet, get there when they open and enjoy happy hour beer pricing.
Came here to eat prior to watching a show.  Decent American food without the outrageous Las Vegas price tag.  Then again, hard to mess up a cheeseburger...
Sunday buffet was disastrous.  None of the items were even average also. Butter chicken was probably the worst I ever had in my life. Will never go there again.
Awesome service! Every time I go here, I'm always greeted with a smile as well as awesome service from the servers. They are always patient with me in ordering since, I'm still technically new to pf changs (I'm used to the pf chang frozen meals in grocery store)
Greasy and mediocre, definitely did not live up to the hype!  This place always has a wait so I figured it would be good but that was not the case. I tried their burger special and was less than impressed. This is probably only good at 2am after a night of drinking.
I think this place had its day a long time ago.  Even when it was hot, I still couldn't imagine that anyone would have dinner here with so many great choices with real chefs!\n\nI guess people that aren't up to date on the hot spots need somewhere to go.
This place has been the anchor of the City North development. During this time, the have one of the best Happy Hours in town, with strong drinks and a great selection of appetizers all fairly priced. Big crowd on Friday's so get here early for a table.
iv'e been to this Albertsons many of  times and they have the worst selection of meat i ever seen  no skirt steak, no flank steak, no good sirloin steak,  no plate beef, no chuck hamburg, but everything else is ok.
The atmosphere was cool and the food was good but overpriced and the drinks were outrageous. Service was very poor. We barely got a how do you do.... Chances that I'll be back are slim.
this place sucks dude!! how can anyone give this place 5 stars? have you no taste buds?!\n\nseriously, everything here is so BLAND. except for the meats, which ironically is too salty. do yourself a favor and spend a few more bucks and eat at bistro @ palms next door.
These guys are incredible!!  Great food (esp burgers) and personalities!!!!  Big time beer selection as well.
Finally, a place that advertises Spanish sausage and doesn't hand me a Mexican chorizo. I enjoyed a very nice lunch sitting on the back patio the other day. I ordered the cheese and sausage panini. The service was very friendly and I left much happier than when I arrived.
I only came here for happy hour.  I love the ambiance of this place.  Very retro 60's feel.  The drinks were a bit tart and nothing special.  I wish I was hungry because some of the food sounded really good.
My first visit and it was cool! I love cousy pubs!!! Not to thrilled it's a Cleveland Browns Bar, but hey that just means I can't go there during football games! LOL!!!!
Where are you?!?!\nWe went to eat there and the restaurant was gone!
I go to watch Grounded and Fred Green there. Drinks are decent and cold. One of those places you can't believe there's a cover charge. Like Mandi said, slumming without the risk.
Not sure how anyone can really enjoy deep dish pizza...waaaaaayyyyyyy too much crust to eat.  It's kind of like eating a loaf of bread.  \n\nTheir thin crust pizza is serviceable.
Best sandwiches!!\nHawaiian bbq is good!
I found a new place that has more staff on hand to service you. They are nice and very friendly. Awesome service.
My real inexpensive shitty tasting sandwich go here really fast!
I was happy to see a Mongolian buffet after Hibachi closed.  Sorry to report, but this was a major disappointment.  Everything tasted stale.  Hope I don't get sick.
I could live on the meat and cheese plate alone for the rest of my life.
The \"vegan Jamaican\" food was embarrassing. Also, guys, you need to use salt. Sorry.
Went here for the first time.  The eggplant was the best I've ever  had!  Very unique! \nThe salmon was tasteful!  We will definitely return!  Service and atmosphere was very good.
Rude staff members. No communication between \"people in charge\" and the other employees. Not willing to accommodate or admit they were wrong. A group of 18 of us know that we will not be retuning.
Loved all of the modern amenities, the service/staff, and the bed was amazing! Onl downside was that for me, the location is not ideal.
Overpriced mediocre food. I really didn't enjoy the food and no matter what do no order the beet salad! By far the worst one I've had! So disappointed.....
The Yellow Chicken Curry was sooooooo good.  My co-worker had the Mongolian Beef and said it was delicious.  The people are nice and friendly.  Great place for lunch.
We drive from Henderson to eat at this Chinese restaurant; it's that good.  Love their fried rice & appetizers the best of any other place we have sampled.
I hired them to do landscaping for my yard, and while they were nice enough, their service was lacking, to the point that my citrus trees and overall plant health is not in good shape.  I got a lot of excuses from them and was never really impressed with their service.
Great food and atmosphere. Small portion for the price though...
I was pleasantly surprised with Umami after seeing that it had a few mediocre ratings on Yelp. I ordered the paitan broth with cracklings which was delicious. Try them out!
Fantastic service from Toma and good eats! Love this place! We will definitely be back.
They were out of shrimp. They did not have any Malt Vinegar and they threw my order in an A & W bag. So I guess they were out of the boxes also.  Service was slow. Food was. Ok
We ate here for lunch. My husband had beef taco salad. It was very good but not very much, the shell was only half filled.  I had a beef chimichanga and it was very good.  Service was very good. The cushions on the chairs were not clean.  Prices were a little high for lunch.
The food was good, service was fast... but the seating is very limited. The soup is very flavorful though! Their fried rice is amazing as well. Most likely my favorite ramen place in Vegas! Can't wait to go back again!
Their pad prik king is tasty, and their prices are very reasonable.
Drive thru chick named Kylie wouldn't take my order because I wanted two separate orders at 1 am. Both very small and simple, with one car in the drive thru other than myself. What a joke.
This state street whole in the wall offers a vast array of two kinds of dumplings-meat or potato.  I get half-and-half.  Spicy or not, free bread, drink and sour cream for five dollars.  One thing, done well.
Terribly expensive for a sandwich you could have at another restaurant with better atmosphere. Just an expensive Subway.  Shocking that they are still in business with the better options out there.
Sweet Republic ice-cream is to die for. You have not really tasted ice-cream until you try theirs. It's not hype. This is truly the best imaginable ice-cream on the planet.
Was trying to purchase an entry door, but found it very difficult when they were going to charge us an extra 300 to modify the door which it did not need.  Spent an hour waiting for them to fix a computer problem,  Went to a company that specialized in doors which was 500 cheaper.
If you're used to the \"right coast\" or \"left coast\" locations of this place, you'll be sadly disappointed by Charlotte's offerings. Super small, minimal selection, and their pastry items tend to run on the stale side of  \"a day old.\"
Only ate sushi and it was good, but not great.  I've had better at other LV hotels.  Had to keep checking back with the hostess about out seats at the sushi bar since they sat someone in front of us...Kinda annoying...
The best services !!!!!! BUT bad food. Cold no peppers feel like hospital food ....\nI hope one day is change !!! \nBecause the aria hotel is good place and top hotel!!!!
The food was really good. The dishes were kind of dirty. And our service just sucked.\n\nWhy would you give two people three small pieces of bread to eat a bowl full of hummus? I'd only go back if it was for take out.
Not too bad of a place. Fresh food with good portions. A bit too americanized for me..
This place has a great happy hour!! They recently remodeled the interior and have a huge patio. Great for the Saturday or Sunday hangover... Buy 2 drinks and breakfast is free, karaoke on Thursdays and usually bands on Friday and Saturday nights.
Great car wash and awesome staff! Thanks for the free tire shine! And they always throw in an extra air freshener! Always recommended and get the premium wash!
Cool place, nice people. A bit loud if you are looking for a quiet spot. Cheese and fruit plate kind of generic but I'd go back.
The restroom at this restaurant is really nasty dirty . They did remodel the place a while back and you can tell, but it's just not clean at all. They try to present a high class Chinese restaurant in the dining room, but if the restroom is so dirty , it makes you think how nasty is the kitchen.
My wife and I had a great experience when needed our car serviced. Tigh Pesicka in particular took his time to explain what we needed with our car. His kindness shined through and we felt as though he truly cared about us.\n\nChris & Cindy S.
What did you do to the bar area? You took away the authenticity and intimacy of this once great place. You blew it!
Love this place, we stop in every time we're in town..  The highlight is that you get a great sandwich for $7 which is a bargain on the strip
I would love to tell you what the food tastes like but I cant because Pittsburgh Pretzel isn't accessible.
Very impressed with the service. Most RA locations I've been to have snotty service but here they really are friendly. Sushi was delicious a lot better than my last RA experience at another location. Came in during Sunday happy which I would recommend.
Food sucked. But atmosphere was great with the many people we were with.
This place is terrible. The meat tasted like asshole.
No different than a normal CPK.  Grabbed a later night pie and ate it in the room.  Went BBQ Chicken, their specialty.  Good as always.\n\nGood service and food came out fast.  Another bonus for the Mirage.
Horrible placed an order said they couldn't find the address then said they were at the address knocking and ringing the doorbell none of which was true.  When talked on the phone they said they knew where it was they deliver on the street all the time not a difficult address or a hard one to find
This place has great food! We've tried the pulled pork and beef brisket sandwich with sweet potato fried and wedge fries and lemon cake for dessert. They play R&B music and there are plenty of soul food choices to choose from. The service however was slow, but overall, the place had a friendly atmosphere.
Typically limited Chipotle menu, but I eat here alot during work hours(to-go) and the staff is good at handling the lines that are out the door sometimes. I wish they had more variety, but I still love the food and go back again and again.
The very best of the best right here, staff is electric, friendly and very personable. Gelato is amazing and soooooo much to choose from, place is clean and the decor is very interesting...in a good way!!! Love this place!!!!!
This is an amazing spot for brunch. The food is pretty basic, but still very good. They have a way of taking the standard deli fare and transforming it into something exceptionally delicious. I usually get the egg sandwich with cheese on an everything bagel, which I can highly recommend.\n\nPrices are very reasonable.
The service is fantastic!  Kristin always remembers our Favorite menu items.  Food is very tasty & atmosphere is very enjoyable.
Just made my third trip here.  It's not 12/1 and they don't know when a jacket will be available in the size I was looking for.  Won't call me when it comes in.  I have to stop back.  Very poor customer service and they lost a sale and a customer.
Place has been here for a while and I've tried it a couple of times just to be fair. Personally when I walk into a bar I want bar food not Chinese/Asian cuisine.
One of the Best Deals in Vegas! Prime Rib Dinner with all the fixings for$7.99 and 20 Oz Micro Brew Included!
What a fun place! You can play with the sugar on the table while you wait for your yummy food to come, plus theres a full bar to keep you going. The food is great and atmosphere is fun.
Tasteless food and bad service\nThe only thing this place seems to be good at is adding all sorts of silly charges to bloat up you cheque.
Good hotel if you just want a place to stay when you are in Vegas. Its location on the end of the Strip is convenient if you are into walking a bit. If not - take a bus, it stops right in front of the hotel. \nYou can get cheap and ok drinks at the hotel bar & the room was clean!
Went here based solely on the wonderful reviews online and I was not disappointed. Food was excellent. I got the flatbread and the mini burgers. Both were delicious. My drinks were delicious as well. Next time I'm in Charlotte I will most certainly be visiting again!
A lot of hype and no follow through.  The ribs were like chewing on leather.  The flow of getting your meal was not thought out well.  Have to stick to Liberty cafe, at least they do that well.
The most exotic experience I had in Las Vegas. There were moments when I felt I was in heaven. Great mix of circus de soleil and musical. If you are into broadway shows, you don't want to miss this one :)
I love everyone here! They are perfect!
Decent food and service. They offer a pancake special which is similar to IHop's unlimited pancake offer. \n\nMy three egg scramble, bacon, and fruit were decent and plentiful p; worth the price. 3 stars, there are better options around.
Terrible food and service. Down grade from bar food. Restaurant would not serve my wife an alcoholic beverage who is 30 and had 5 forms of ID because they said her license was not her.  Waitress had to come back three times for order and on top of this was a hair in my salad. Beware all and go to McDonald's instead.
Great hole in the wall place. The food was great and I will mos def go back again. And Lola was an awesome host. If you are looking for a good place to eat that is off the strip go to Lola's. Yum Yum.
Huge selection of low,mid and high-end bikes and friendly & helpful staff
Nice hangout place and a good dance floor!
Beef Chow Fun is awesome every time! Food is fresh and portions are perfect. Hubby loves the sushi!
I usually get the pulled pork sammie. Lunch specials under 5 bucks and on Tuesdays buy one guy one free.  Best bang for your buck. Banana bread pudding is good.
I was really nervous... I have 0 artistic talent... But it was super fun! Dom was very patient and helpful.  Lisa was also helpful... They both worked really hard to make sure everyone had a great time!  It was a great time with friends and I even like the finished product.
This place is great, best breakfast and best hamburger in town. The mannequin needs updating though...
Sewell is a great auto glass person to use. He knows his business inside and out. He is clean and professional and treats you car like his own. His first priority is quality and not money and does his own work so you can trust it get done right. I would highly recommend him.
The sushi wasn't anything spectacular for the amount of money that I spent. there are a ton of more delicious sushi elsewhere for the fraction of the cost that I spent on my group of friends for dinner here. I guess you pay for location not food !
Great Car Wash  Clean Everytime
NOT A 24 HOUR STORE!! Even though it says so in Walmart.com... And I hate false advertising... Especially at 5:30 in the morning
Didn't stay there but best casino ladies room on the strip.  We tried em all at some point :-)
booooring. i felt like i was hanging out with my parents friends. but the go-go dancers were pretty good.
Every time we go thru the drive thru. The guy that works the window always have a bad attitude like he doesn't want to be there. When we ask for green hot sauce he always seems irritated due to our request.
I liked it...good chinese food and reasonable portions for a strip casino resturant.  It wasnt amazing, but neither was the bill$.
Hubby & I celebrated our 8yr anniversary here!  We loved it all!  The chopped salad, short ribs, scallops and ended with the delicious sticky bun bread pudding!\nThe cocktails were also delightful!  The service was exceptional, as well!
the bald guy at the door thinks he is guarding the entrance to the playboy mansion.  He is a wise--- pain in the a--, he needs to learn customer service skills, what a pric- the dancers look like run down scarecrows and the place overall is awful.  what a dump
This can be a great affordable family restaurant if you use the Stripes card they offer. They have a large menu and good service. They usually seat you right away.
They can't seem to get anything right.  Even dessert, a pizzokie they screwed up.  Then it took 15 minutes to get the correct dessert out!  Poor service, way too long of a wait for food, drinks and refills.  \n\nGo elsewhere, you'll be happier.
Best place to buy water at a fair price, snacks at a fair price, and cut fruit at a reasonable price on the strip. Very convenient location. Closest water/snacks place to MGM.
great vegan breakfast burrito.  great juices.  I used a groupon here.  Lady at register was very friendly.  I enjoy these style restaurants more than traditional sit down.  Pay up front and they still bring it to you.  little bit pricey but worth it.
Food was ok but not what I would expect for the price.
All the 5 star reviews are dead-on accurate. This place is great, the owner is always there, customer service is off the charts and most importantly the pizza and calzones are always cooked to perfection.  Really great dough and high quality ingredients easily make this the best pizza joint in town.\n\nJason
I really like eating here. The food is delicious. The banana nut muffins are super tasty too. Eat here... it will make your tummy happy!
Just because you pay more at Caesars Palace, do  not expect better accommodations or a more upscale crowd.  The rooms are mediocre, but clean.  The pool area is like an episode of  \"Jersey Shore.\" Next time, I'll stay somewhere else.
Had my last 5 or 6 haircuts here, usually the same gal, and they do an excellent job here, and its cheap! Clean, friendly, get what you paid for kind of deal. No surprises! Much better than Great Clips!
Food like a chew toy\nBut with a lot less flavor\nAll in a nice box!
The hubby uses Wolz's every year for my anniversary flowers. Think he has used them for all 20, and they have never let him down. Flowers are always gorgeous, fresh and creative.  It's a small business, and we always try to go small business over big chain.
Appetizers came with our dinner which of course shouldn't. Cornbread & catfish nuggets appetizer were really good though. After all the raving my coworkers did, I expected better
Went in to start a new phone service and walked out of the store pleased with what I got. I was very happy with the service I received from Mitchell, who seemed very knowledgeable and was very patient in covering all I was asking for. I also appreciate Kalee's time and input in today's purchase. Thanks guys!
I love to come here for the eggs benedict. The food has been consistently good for breakfast. Service has been good and bad, but management is always walking around to see how things are going. They have great bloody marys and mimosas. They also have a lot of healthy choices on their menu for those watching their figure.
Proof that you can market and sell anything with a catchy name. Lame happy hour, flavorless food, inattentive staff that's trying to look like an American apparel add. If this wasn't a Fox concept in the heart of Old Town it would of closed its doors 6 months ago.
Ordered a lg pizza for pick up, 30-40 min wait. Went to pick up my pizza and I arrived to have no pizza at all. They told a driver must have taken by accident. The skinny, is it took an hour for a new pizza, and they offered me nothing
Eh. \nHuge lines at lunch time. \n\nAlright pizza. Expensive for what you get just like all of Vegas.
Packaged food and gas? Great! Hot food and restrooms? Not very good.
I have been going to Rise and Shine off and on since it opened and it continues to disappoint. Merely by virtue of being the only non-bar breakfast place in the area it lasts despite mediocre food and terrible service. I have yet to eat a meal there that was not lukewarm and the victim of bad execution.
You'll notice immediately that their restaurant concept is similar to a Chipotle or Qdoba however the fresh pressed tortillas are unique and do make a difference.  The burritos and burrito bowls are the way to go.  Skip the tacos.  I tried that once and it was just a huge mess.
Great food! Fantastic service! Unreal atmosphere! The zucchini sliders were outbid this world! Enough said.
Good service and good food. The downfall to this restaurant is that they serve Pepsi products only.
Caught in the rain!! We stumbled in here and had a coffee and a lemon tart.  Yum!!  Service was great and we were del get a table.  Didn't eat but the food looked good.
Service was slow. Menu is overpriced for what is basically pub food.  The stir fry and curry are advertised as vegetarian but when we double checked they both contain fish sauce. Charged full price even though my entree only contained half the ingredients. Not returning.
My fav all time coffee destination in Tempe. It's a fabulous place to do homework and socialize.
Always my first choice. Affordable, reliable, quality service, and honest... No sales pitch, up-selling, or bull... Just great mechanics!
Hmm....wonder \"WHY\" my review was filtered????????   What a joke.  What ever happened to freedom of speech??  Guess not in this weak country.
Love this place and everything about it. 'nuff said.
They ran out of boba last time I came here. :-( and it was 2.5 hours before they closed.
The new oreo filling ice cream is fantastic. TThe prices are a little hight. They are adding new selections all the time. I saw a sign this last visit that they now have shaved ice. The service is pretty slow sometimes but everyone is usually friendly and they keep the tables clean.
Had the Gyro DLX and for $4.29 I couldn't have been happier. Generous size, thick chunks of lamb, lots of tzatziki & feta.\nLoved it, I'd definitely go again!
The platter of Scottish seafood and crustacea ... exquisite ... there is nothing else to be said, but bon appetit.  When in Edinburgh, don't bypass the Witchery.
I didn't try their pastries just their frozen drink. Nothing special. Customer service wasn't good either.
Average meat. TGI Fridays offers dipping sauce for their steaks too. High pressure wait staff, attempting to push us into everything on the menu. Blatant, not suggestive and working to boost the cheque. Go elsewhere, there are many choices on and around the strip.
Great brew house. Had the beer tasting, which was delicious. And the spinach and artichoke dip which was also fantastic!! Huge chunks of artichoke and creamy cheese. Seriously, I'm thinking about it right now.
The Baja burger was pretty good, with a nice kick.  The haystack onions were yummy, but a tad on the greasy side.  Smashfries and regular fries were limp, greasy, disgusting.  The shake was just meh.  The staff was friendly and prompt.
Love this place, favorite dive in AZ
The food here is delicious! Every time I go to vegas I have to come here at least once! Prices are low compared to other restaurants in vegas! However the reason to come here is for the bounty of bears on tap!!
I Clean Carpets cleaned the carpet in my rental property in Tempe. The house was rented to 4 college students and was really dirty. The results were amazing. Service was prompt and fairly priced. I highly recommend them to anyone.
If I could give 1/2 star, I would.  Service stinks and they get the order wrong in the drive-through 75% of the time.  When you drive back to get the correct items, they act rudely and put out.  I drive out of my way to go to a different one now.
This is definitely the sort of place you go to people watch, rather than to eat. Drinks were relatively cheap but the food was not anything to write home about. In fact, the cheese that came with the nachos came out cold. Most of the waitresses were drunk as well.
Definitely on the pricey side, however the food is delicious! I had a bagel that was toasted to perfection and the cream cheese was fluffy! My husband had the omelette which was loaded with avocado!!!! Yummy! Cool vibe, you feel like you're in Miami!
Worst service in a Marriot.  My key did not work, went to the office and she did not even check my name!!!!.... Waited for the shuttle around 40 min at the airport.  Not even friendly people working there...
Decent food but price jacked up for no reason, service was spotty. $15 for breakfast with small portions. Your better off finding a regular location
The people who work here are completely incompetent. They managed to overcharge our bill by $500. Then act like it was no big deal. The service is AWFUL. Will never go there again.
Always tasty with more flavor than they flaunt.  Personally a down to earth decor and service that matches that is worth a 30 or 4 dollar signs just keep that true restaurant spirit.
Have been coming here for past two years. Always have had great service, without being pressured into getting other things done. Most of the time my car is done in timeframe promised. Just got tires and new battery today, was pretty quick for a Saturday.
Guitar Tree has an eclectic collection of rare and collectible guitars.  Their prices are reasonable, the customer service is excellent, and their love of guitars and music shows through the interactions they have with their customers.  Thanks for the gold top Les Paul, fellas.  It is amazing.
Big, smelly and industrial.  It is a cheap place to stay in Edinburgh.  The dorms are swampy and unpleasant, but the double rooms are functional.
This is heaven for steak lovers like me! High quality and moody...I enjoyed my time very well.
As far as these types of small get everything you need stores, no one does it better than Walgreens, except those local small neighborhood walmart stores....but there are only like 4 of those in Az so these are the TOP DOG!.
Great service and delicious food. Super noisy on Saturday night. Ask for a table outside if you want to have a conversation without having to yell. Hotel staff said it is a very different atmosphere during the week.
We were going to try this place twice, but each time when\nI presented a local coupon they refused to accept it.\nI don't trust businesses like this who play games to try to\nget you into the restaurant ... kinda like bait & switch.
Just to be fair....my brother loves the pizza here, but my thoughts were that it could've been better & I've definitely had better. The service was slow & not very attentive.
The food was good and the price was average but the service was SO SLOW.  I waited over 20 minutes for a chirashi bowl.  I ordered edamame which never came.  I had to repeatedly ask for refills.  It was very negative.  Ichiza is still better.
Nothing special about this place. It is a chill spot to hang out after Axis Radius since its across the street. A bit small but you can still dance.
I love love love this place! Great prices and a good variety. I shop here for a lot of my produce. They have a great selection. They also have a good selection of veggie meat substitutes! The only negatives are narrow parking spaces and sometimes some of the produce can be wilty. But overall I love this place!
Good and cheap! Got the double double, the meat was grilled perfectly, but I still prefer Shake Shack.
Have come here for past 2 years. Always had delicious food and great service. Got pizza and wings today, not good. Since ownership change food was not the same. Wanted to give them a chance..chicken wings were very bad. Probably worst I ever had. Don't think I'll be going back again.
Very nice Bingo room, brand new, has a bar and vending machines for snacks. Smoking section is glass walled off which is nice.
The parisian hot chocolate was delicious. I also loved the chocolate caramel tart. It's a very cozy place..a perfect place for chocolate lovers.
Great sushi.  Best sushi I have had in Phoenix.  And its not even close.  Also, the chef is friendly and they only use black rice which tasts better than white or brown rice, and supposedly the healthiest.  I dont go to sushi anywhere else now.
Enjoyed the service typically expected for a nice Vegas restaurant.  I ate the rib eye steak cooked medium and was mouth watering.  The portion was big which I had to take home.  The environment is great for a dinner party, but may be loud for a date (we dined on a Wed night).
This Hawaiian food is great! The Chicken Katsu and BBQ Mix Plate are my favorite. Fast and Friendly service, food is very consistent.
My third time here. The food is blow away great. However, the front door staff and the manager (I think) totally blew me off when I asked how to find a taxi. When its 107 degrees, a little help finding the taxi stand would have been appreciated. Yes it was late and they were closing, but....
Tr\u00e8s sympa pour manger un fish and chips avec des amis ou autres ! Endroit sympathique et abordable .
This bakery has the cutest looking desserts and the staff were very friendly, but I just didn't love my dessert...it was much more pleasing to the eye than the tummy. My hubby felt the same way. The good news is you get a lot of dessert for a little price if that's your thing!
Around the corner from my house!!! They recently remodeled (not sure why) but looks great! Staff is friendly and drinks are made correctly. My only criticism is that this place doesn't have a drive thru!! I love stopping here a few times a week and will keep returning!
The office staff was overly unconcerned about clients. Not a smile or hello did i see or hear!  I shouldve left at that moment cause it only got worse.
Rude staff. Horrible service. Closes earlier than posted times. Do yourself a favor and don't bother visiting the speakeasy. The hotel itself is great- too bad it's stuck with this bar inside it. Go to the tap room instead if you're staying in the hotel.
$5 movie gets 5 stars from me.  Especially when I had no idea their Tuesday matinees were so cheap, I just wanted to squeeze in a flick with a little shopping.'\nThe chairs are comfy and the location leads to some great multitasking after the film, I will definitely be back.
We have stopped here for lunch many times and always had a good experience.  The service is good and so is the food.  I do find the price a little bit high for what you get.
Went with my son while visiting Duquense University. Food was ok, atmosphere was good. Nothing specatacular though. For bar type food it was ok.
Great food except for the chips.  Kind of disappointed as that is one of those cravings you want satisfied when you eat Mexican.  Service ok, not great.
My second visit here hamburg is ok  my fries probable fry twice feel grease and old . I went 3pm no rush hour. I don't recommend
My husband and I are a regular at this place.  It was very good and very spicy. It has several vegetarian and vegan options.
They have an amazing Santa Rosa Chicken Salad but their service is horrible. Sat at the bar last night and watched both bartenders disappear for about 15 minutes. Watched people get up and leave because no one came over. The restaurant could be a huge asset to the Silverton if their service improved.
The food is heavy, not especially tasty, and the interior is very dark. Lots of people like this place and I've never figured out exactly why.
yes, it's a strip joint but it's also a Steakhouse and the girls keep their bottoms on, I personally wanted to experience it but they made us wait over 30 minutes for a table and we had a reservation so we didn't get the peep show or to try the steaks. too bad.
It is a nice large airport with many amenities while waiting for your flight or to pick someone up
Went here with the family and it was delicious! Really love their selection of glass bottled sodas too! Picked up a few cases for a birthday party. We're definitely going to go back to eat and have a soda. BUT the ONLY thing we didn't like is the sticky floor.
Great for trips to The 7th Street Public Market.  If you are looking for monthly parking, they rip you off by offering an intro 67+19 service fee, then they up it to 115.
Placed sucked had shitty service to say the least and what do you know , no longer in business.
Come for the food, stay for the wait. The server graced me with her presence just long enough to take my order and my money. No refill on my $2.49 cup of coffee. Read that again $2.49.
Had the chicken strips and they were good, buffalo sauce not so good.   Bartender was ok, but with one other person at the bar I expected more attention.  Overall it was good, but not great.  When it's slow you need to shine, not be average.
The service was quick and satisfactory. I order a swordfish steak that was dry and no flavor. I believe they can do a better job with the seafood.
Popped in last night for the first time a really impressed. Had the Cod taco which was excellent and the chicken special which was pretty good too. Both the guacamole and salsa were fresh and we'll prepared. Only the chips were ordinary. Finally, friendly helpful service made for a great evening.
I had turkey meatballs and curry rice. The turkey meatballs were decent and melted in your mouth, but the curry rice was pretty plain, had very little if any spice. Probably deserves another try. Would I eat here again based on the meal and what my friends had? no.
Let je Tell you i Loved this Buffet \nBut now. \nFood quality??? Horrible. Prices Too High. Service just ok. Staying line 40 min. \nHell no. Bye Bye wynn Buffet.
They have no idea what pasta is. The girl that took my order made 5 mistakes in one simple order! After 10 minutes trying to correct the confusion, one order still came wrong. my prediction is that this place will end up closing the doors for business in the near future.
Overwhelming on your first visit if you don't know what you want to order.  No kid meals.  You can't have anything \"on the side\".  I wasn't overly impressed with any aspect of the experience or food but it was okay.
Ordered the beef kabob. Honestly I've had better but the service was excellent. The whole plate was very oily. Might just want to skip this joint. I'll take another place with gyros any day.
We all had the same size sub but the one I had was teeny tiny.  Ingredients were sparse and the staff was stressed and got mad at another patron in front of me.  Not my fave place.
Not a fan. The staff was friendly but the decor, sushi, and atmosphere were bland... They don't have prices on their menu which is smart because this way they are able to overcharge you for their mediocre sushi rolls. I won't be coming here again.
I love Dunkin but keep driving until you hit the next franchise. Poor customer service. Then I twisted my foot near the counter with the straws because the floor drain was missing a cover. I asked the employee if he knew the drain was open and his response was- \"it's fine.\" Nice.
I had pizza delivered from this place..it was bad and pricey..The pizzas ingredients didn't smell fresh.
The free chips and salsa was great!  It was hard to stop eating the various types of warm chips and chunky, fresh salsa.  The shrimp tacos were delicious! The nice free dessert (banana burrito) from checking in made it a perfect lunch!
Absolutely stunning a great place to go for a good feel of Arizone. We were there for the Chili + Chocalate fair. Lots of walking so go prepared.
I try the Original Pancake House in every city I can. This one is right up there with some of the best one's I've been too. Clean and great staff...and of course, their breakfast menu is a must have experience!!! Excellent pancakes and swedish cakes!
Super friendly.  No BS. No attempt to talk anyone into getting something they didn't need.  Very refreshing!   \n\nI would definitely call this company again - but there probably won't be a need to, since he fixed all of our leaking issues. \n\nThanks!
Pizza is awesome, period.
Got three types of pupusas from there to try, cheese and cheese, beans and cheese, and beef and cheese. Would not recommend. Tasted heavily of grease and bread and not much else. Not sure why my newspaper recommended that item.
The store is ok but dont think we will be back. The stock was limited and items werent marked nor did they have prices (or the prices were confusing). Save a trip and visit Reefmonsters or The Pet Shop, which are both in the same general area.
I LOVE this place.  The portions were HUGE and the price was fantastic.  I ate here twice while I stayed in Vegas.  I highly recommend the pancakes...so fluffy and delicious!
Top notch eatin joint. Good tacos, salsa variety, and the eye-pleasing interior design make this place a good bet.
Food is great. Service is...meh.
Overpriced movies and food, its your average movie theatre really.
Very nice room, great atmosphere.  Service was good and very attentive.  Food was better than you might expect from at an Italian restaurant inside a hotel.  I ordered the Veal Parm with a Caesar salad and was satisfied.
So tasty. Love the ayce deal.  Fresh and great service. A staple on the west side for sushi.
I had there apple pancake all I tasted was eggs it was disgusting. I will never come back here
We came here the other night to satisfy our sweet tooth. We ordered the lava cake with ice cream and caramel. We were a disappointed. It's safe to say we will not be ordering it again from here.
Try the \"cave-aged\" Marissa. This cheese alone earn 5 stars. \n\nThe only unfortunate part is the location. I wish they consider moving the store to Madison so that more people can sample many of their award winning cheeses.
Went for lunch and was very surprised at how bad the food was. Been there before years ago but this time the Sweet and Sour Shrimp was basically all breaded with heavy sauce. The Cashew Chicken portion was generous but bland. Fast service but unfortunately I will not return
Have not been at night but based off a traditional coffee shop, it's not conducive to studying. Food items seem interesting although I have not tried any.
The service at this location is really, really slow. I stopped here for a quick drink on the way home. They have tons of drink selections and syrups, even some sweetened with splenda. Unfortunately, my vanilla coke was flat. Great tater tots though.
Pizza sauce is wayyyyyyyyyyyy too sweet.  I love stuffed or deep dish pizzas, but the sauce here kills it for me.
The staff is very rude. As soon as I find another place to fix my watches, I will go there. VERY disappointed.
just wanted to try it to see what it was like. it's nothing to write home about. the food is ok, but a little pricey for what you get, in my opinion.
Had a great time today there. This is a great place to watch a Jets on Sunday. Tons of Jets fans great good also. Will be coming back.
My wife and I had these hot dogs last night. Absolutely delicious!!!!! All toppings r free, n nicely presented for a 3.00 hot dog. Definitely a must for late night munchies
I was not impressed. The fried rice was borderline between poor & mediocre, the service was 'ok', atmosphere lacking, soup not good. Granted not a huge menu experience to base an opinion on, but don't feel the need to go back and try more.
We really like Masa.  Pineapple fried rice is tasty, but we usually go for the 2 for $7 lunch special.  Sushi is not the most creative or even the best, but it is quality and great for this area (without driving into the city).  The owner is very kind and the staff are friendly.
Limited flavors and super pricey ( 55 cents per ounce? ) \n\nDefinitely not worth it ( even with the 10% yelp discount off)
Especially love just do it!  Same Time Next Year was fabulous.
Lame and overpriced.  Good location close to the pool but really crappy, small and not worth it.  I had the frozen mojito and I barely tasted any alcohol.
Ambiance is nice, but the overall food wasn't good at all, the steak meat had too much fat and wasn't good quality.  The salad was simple, small without any special signature that should in that expensive stake house. All in all, pass on this restaurant.
I like this place alot. They have very good prosciutto di parma. It is very expensive but worth it.  I also tried their lunch menu.  I got the italian beef sandwich which was really good. the only complaint is after a while the bread makes your jaw tired. Overall i will try it again
Awesome place to stop for a beer and a burger when out on the bike... I great conversation and service. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
Can't have a party without a tray of baby banditos. Everything thing else I've tried was just ok. Tonight they were a little extra greasy with my tacos.
These guys are great.  I go there all the time and feel very relaxed afterwards.  They get all the main pressure points and work the knots out well.  True, they don't speak much English but I am not paying for their speaking ability, just a good message.  And they deliver well on that front.
Fat Moes is really quite good! With all the Villa Pizza's closed down it is my place when I need a quick slice and a drink for lunch. It is really cheap for the size of pieces that you get. Give it a try if you are driving by and need a quick cheap lunch.
Its not island style anymore but its not bad i Ordered a meat jun and it came with a free piece of salmon. So all in all 4 stars equals im happy.
Service B, ambiance D-  music as loud as a disco would not lower volume. Unable to have conversation without SHOUTING.  AT 7 AM VERY annoying\n\nHash B- poached eggs  B, but what is just one piece of toast,\n\nOverall experience C+
Just what you want for breakfast Home baking especially the brownies. Loved the sausage provolone wrap
The service was good, but the food was overpriced for what I received. I got a huge pile of rice with some buried beans and three skewers of beef for $12. I did not like the spices on the meat seasoning either.
The food was great.  I gave it 3 stars because the price is outrageously expensive.  Service was great too
Twenty thousand square feet, twenty self-indulgent turds. How can such a huge museum contain so little art? What a waste.
Went here once before with friends.... Took an hour to get our food... And half the orders were wrong... Went again today with family and food took another hour....all I had was a sandwich...high prices. Poor services. So and so food
I wasn't crazy about the place. My wife's pasta was good but the sauce was just okay and the meatballs were also just okay. I had the Mediterranean  Sea Bass. It was also just okay. The Parmasean Grits were good and so was the dessert. But for the price it was a pretty disappointing.
Thursday,18 2014 went dinner by myself sitting at the bar and I order 2 glass wine and calamari apt and chiken Cajun pasta the bartender cost me $54.64 for no reason he stole my money so you guys better think about that
My first time here. Grabbed 2 bobba drinks. It was ok but super expensive. It was over $11 for just 2 drinks. Yikes! Decor is kind of outdated and grungy hence doesn't explain the high prices.
5 stars food was good. Service was great!! Definitely a must try. Place is very clean.
I had one of the most unusual Cobb salads, chock full of the great stuff (chicken, bacon, avocado), but with a little surprise: lump crab meat.  Delicious.
Classy yet affordable, Mon Ami Gabi located in the Paris Hotel is an absolute gem.  \n\nOrdered the Steak Frites, and I wasn't disappointed.
Friendly service  odd beer selection no spotted cow. Lots of mixed libations and they specialize in martinis. Mid 20s and up crowd
Good sauce variety, ribs, and buttery mac n cheese, but McKoy's has them beaten hands down on pulled pork and cheesy mac n cheese. I don't think you can really go wrong at either though. :)
Cool Cars, chill atmosphere. Not a ton to say about this gateway between the elite auto dealers in North Scottsdale. Pretty coll way to blow a few minutes while you're waiting on your car to come out of service.
Horrible service....only come here when I have to. The subway down the street on Warm Springs and Cimmaron is A LOT better!
Not sure what happened here... service was aketchy,  booths were filthy (could you vacuum the crevice of the sears??)  Prices were up, buy the food was good...  might be better places to stop ...
Chef Rusconi has done a great job with his restaurant.  The decor is nice, service was attentive and the food was fantastic!
Top quality service that is honest and dependable. Wouldn't go anywhere else with my Nissan.
Kevin Kidwell did us a huge favor. Showed us around and gave us some tips. Cab drivers are decent and honest small business employees. Help them out in Vegas.
Disorganized \"Management\" serving all you can eat smelly white rice!!  No fish to speak of in their \"sushi\"...give me a break!
Love it!!!! Happy hour is great, 8-10pm 50% off! I really enjoyed the chocolate covered cherry martini and the strawberry shortcake martini. Also the bacon wrapped dates are amazing!!
Excellent food! Great new spot. Had the groupon which made it that much better. Staff was very friendly as well
Stopped in by myself during happy hour.\nSat at the bar.\nDrank a Lost Abbey quad.\nSurrounded by Coors Light slobs.\nExcellent and friendly service.
Good food, come here with friends who like meat. I like cakes instead.
Found this place on Yelp. Pretty neat when you walk in and see all of the Chicago memorabilia. Friendly staff. Food is delicious!!! We had the thin crust and wings. Way better then Pizza Hut.
Really enjoy the food there. Mongolian beef, sweet and sour chicken, roast pork lo mein. Excellent. As I said before, not fancy..but the food is good. Ordered egg rolls, waitress brought spring rolls- not what we wanted-but they were good! $20.00 minimum charge-fyi.
This place has come along since opening. They have mastered customer service and everyone there seems to be great at customer service now. Food came out in a reasonable time and it tasted great!!! Nice work Smash Burger
My brother forgot a cable for our week visit to Vegas for our Xbox and this Gamestop saved our lives having exactly what I needed at a great price.
My experience with this cafe is that it is mainly geared towards seniors with small servings, cheap prices and mediocre food. Although my company of great family made this experience better this restaurant seemed like the step child of rampart casino. Our server was great, his name was Anthony and he was as attentive as he could be.
Ok prices, Ok food. I would rather go to Thai Basil. The portions don't match the price, in my opinion.
You get what you pay for. I may as well have let my kids paint my toenails. Not to mention the tech was rough and cut/pinched several of my toes during my pedicure.   Not impressed. I definitely won't be back.
Good price and value for your buck but don't expect much more than your typical hometown buffet.
Tried this place with a groupon. It was alright. The portions were small. I liked the variety, place, and customer service.
The guys are very helpful and I have been going here for years for professional service. Great equipment selection and servicing ability
For Vegas, this is about as good as it gets for good coffee. Decent eats and seating. Parking is easy. Prices are in line with the class.
love this place angel the owner is super nice  logain gives the best massage i have ever had  jake also gives excellent massage  when i am in town i go at least twice clean and  nice surroundings
We weren't hungry, so we split our meal. Our waiter was very helpful and provided excellent service. My lentil garbanzo spinach soup was wonderful. The spaghetti and meatballs were terrific, better than homemade. Will definitely go back.
Not as good as it was when it opened.  When the Cosmo first opened the menu was much more reasonable, and the food was awesome.  We just ate there this last weekend, and the menu prices have increased dramatically and it is less of a pizza and pasta place than it used to be.  Also, the prices were dramatically higher.
I ordered Mongolian beef and I think I got Mongolian onions and beef as a garnish. I think there were a total of 5 pieces of meat in that dish. I admit the onions tasted pretty good, but almost 10 dollars for a pile of cooked onions is pretty ridiculous.
Innerlight teachers are amazing...the whole studio is like one big family! Very clean facility, especially the bathrooms
Great job on our epoxy floor coating. Great price and customer service.\n\nAmazing job on garage cabinets and work bench. Transformed my garage into an organized functional space!
Fantastic...great service...Victoria is great
Food is crazy amazing good. Chicken and vegetables, or the spicy version hun an chicken are awesome. Mongolian beef is great, moo shu pork wraps are really good. All appetizers are great. Friendly and nice people. Great prices. Take out is quick, dine in is great too.
Nova's is great  if you get their fresh bread.  I particularly like their Focaccia\nand their savory scones.\n\nAs far as sweet treats, I love their gingerbread cookies around the holidays.
I only come here for \"2 Tons of Fun\" karaoke, and he is THE BEST. Amazing voice, hilarious jokes, great personality. Always makes everyone feel welcome, and join in the fun!\nGood drink prices for the ladies. Not bad beer pitcher prices for me.
Was just the most perfect arrival food after a three-leg Trans-Atlantic flight. Had a simple soup and sandwich and couldn't have been happier. \n\nAlso, there's an open wifi network nearby. Bonus.
Good food.  However we often eat quickly and leave immediately. Many times you can't hear yourself think nevertheless can hear the person next to you talk. The jukebox is often on way way too loud.
Kitchin is an outstanding high end restaurant in Leith with well prepared regional dishes such as grouse, and local ingredients and cheeses, and an excellent wine list.
Idk bout tha rest but, that Steak & Shake @ tha South Point suct musty donkey genitals....Ida rather had wunna dem 75 cent beef hot dogs.
I love shoes but most importantly I love great customer service! The employees are awesome!! The manager, Gina, is WONDERFUL!!!
I didn't like anything about this place. The food was bad. Nothing I tasted was good and I don't plan on coming back ever again. For the price I'd rather go to a buffet or other fast food spot.
Been here several times since 2008. The plce doesn't change.  Always reliable excellent food and service.  Try the Linguini with clams.
I love this place!! My only complaint is I wish I lived closer!! I haven't had a thing I didn't like. One of my favorite guilty pleasures is their Chili Cheese Fries and Buffalo Wings. You must try them! Fresh salads and ingredients, they make being a vegetarian sinful!
Good fresh food. Great salad selection with loads of veggies. The breakfast section is grand. We loved the ravioli and veggie pasta. Also, the bite sized deserts are scrumptious, I had the fruit creme brulee...twice :)
Sloooooooooooow.  And will tack on random charges.
Food isn't the best.  I always feel like I ate a rock when I leave.  I do really like the salsa/chip tray they bring out (2 different salsas, a bean dip and chips).  You can get better elsewhere.
Good place to watch a game.  You need to make a reservation. Most tables have there own television, but there are tv clusters. It's nice to watch a game in the outdoor area by the strip. I thought the food was good. It's good bar food.
A serious waste of time!  If you happen to catch it while walking by then go for it, but don't waste your time waiting around for this to happen.
Rohi is AMAZING!  I went in for my second eyebrow thread today! She spends a ton of time making sure they are perfect. So happy there is a place super close now! They now have a very loyal customer!
Great, spacious room and view. Excellent housekeeping service.\n\nBed could be firmer.\n\nStaff could give better directions to walk to Luxor, parking garage, concierge, etc.\n\nCheck-in takes a bit longer than it should.
Yummy!!! I had the tickle me pink chocolate cupcake which I enjoyed very much! Service was great!
Living social, Exotic Excapes, Plaza casino did us good. Boycott this casino at all cost.
Told my mom the wrong address, kept to themselves that they were closed at noon. Guy was rude and not helpful. Boo.
Table-side guacamole was really good. Prices seemed fair. Chicken enchilada was really good, beef was just ground beef. Things tasted good,  but I probably won't go back.
Not really impressed. I got the farm burger and it tasted like any ol burger. Truffle fries were good! But they are just as good at the yard house down the street from my home. I expected a bit more out of this place. :(
Don't even....NO!  Words cannot really describe the lunch buffet.  The parking lot is empty for reason...enough said!
Great service and location.  Food was ok nothing great. We all ordered the Sunday Brunch.
Great service and the rib eye is delicious! Will be back again.
I was happily surprised. This place is like middle of the road Price-Wise. After seeing the Peter Pan in Santa Cruz....to see one in Vegas was ultra -memorable.
They seem to be a little more expensive than most cleaners.  they do not offer same say service, it usually takes 3 days.  Expediting will cost more.
The kitchen is very unorganized. Just sit back and watch the chaos. Every time I visit there is a long wait in line to pay and to get your food. I love their menu choices otherwise...
Came in today as I'm in the area... Yes it's cold out, but you wouldnt excpect to have to wear your jacket inside! \n\nOnly stayed due to time for my lunch.\n\nFood is reasonable.
Awesome spot for guacamole, made at the table for you. Our server was very polite and friendly. Great service, drinks & food. Very relaxed atmosphere to sit and enjoy a margarita and appetizers.
Best scones & croissants in the city by far!!!
Simply an awesome meal. T-Bones were outstanding and all the salads and side dishes were delicious. Service impeccable. Best shrimp cocktail I have had in years!
Only people in the place and the waitress messed up a simple order. Chili verde was ok but not worth $11. Husband had chicken & cheese enchiladas and said they were bland.
Food and decor are horrific. Only redeeming factor is its location; well that and the fact that it's closed 8 hours a day.....
Best fresh noodle house hands down. #34 with shrimp is the best, also don't forget to try the honey peach smoothie....YUM!
Decent staff, a little above average \"bar food\", and a cool  ambiance with fireplaces and a pool table... looking for a northeastern ski lodge cozy feeling was found at the Outside Inn!
Absolutely great!
Usually enjoyable, but valentines day menu sucked, so i ordered off the taste menu and the portion sizes were appropriate for a 3 year old. Went there expecting duck and gnoche, left with empty wallet and empty stomach.
I absolutely love this place.  The ambiance and food are outstanding! The Saigon Salad with chicken is my favorite! This is a local establishment at its finest.
Got a flyer in the mail thinking yeah another waste of money.....well I was wrong fast delivery great food pizza ribs and brisket was all super yummy thanks to great new businesses definitely I will be back for more yummy food
The dood was Delicious and the service was great and the atmosphere was very nice. Excited to know they will be serving wine soon.
Loved it! Great atmosphere and the pizza was great too.  A lot to choose from.  Flavors were great and appetizers were just as great! Can't wait to visit again!
Not impressed at all by this hotel. My first room smelled like garbage and I had to move. My key stopped working several times, leading me to calling the front desk in a fit of rage from my cell phone. The price was pretty good and the pool was nice. But I would not stay here again.
The cupcake was ok. Moist but a bit small for $3.00 a pop. They could definitely use a curtain between the cash register area and the back area where the mop bucket and sink and other nasty looking items are visible. Not extremely impressed but not disappointed either. Selection was not great.
Excellent service on getting my fluids and air checked . Like to say thanks to the bald tech , very friendly and he didn't keep me waiting. \n-robin-
Cooper is having the best time with Mirna and her crew.  He is so tired and happy when he gets in the car.  Recommend!!
Great food and great service! I ordered the bagel sandwich and my friend tried their oatmeal...delish!
Avoid the Sportsbook\nThe Sportsbook is only open sometimes. If you want to make a bet, or collect on a bet you may have to go all the way to the Venetian sportsbook. A long walk...\nOtherwise the hotel is beautiful. Great suites, good food.
Really bad service. no longer offering brunch. not sure why i would ever come here again. really disappointed.you have been warned. They could have at least offered us a discount considering such a poor experience but not so much.
I'm so glad to see this dimsum place on yelp! We make sure that we eat here whenever we go to Vegas! It's not pricey! Dimsum all day everyday!
Delicious food! Great decor\nToo bad I can't say the same thing about their service.\nWe were in a party of 3, they brought one dish out and took forever to bring out the pho.
I went here few times, and I always went home full but dissapointed. Despite the big portion, I don't really like the tastes. Most of the dishes have similar taste, just like previous reviewers have mentioned.
Man, talk about an express rental of food, if you know what I mean.  I think this place is a little gimmicky and the food is just so so.
If you need a drink so bad that you will stop here, then you are an alcoholic. The bartender was a beat up, washed out, utterly obese Elvis impersonator. He was the perfect metaphor for vegas or Fox. Your choice.\n\nSkip this place and wait for your plane.
Been here a few times. always the same.  beer is beer. No way to screw that up.  food was Ok. service was bad every time.  not the worst place i have ever been but i would rather go sit in the parking lot and drink beer in my car than go inside this place again.
Over priced pizza. Snotty service. Been here 5 or 6 times hoping it will get better each time.\n\nMy wife politely asked for a side of ranch and the server scoffed and told her they don't serve ranch. Way better pizza all over gilbert, cheaper too. Skip this place.
The service was great. The food and atmosphere I did not care for. I thought their famous deviled eggs were not good at all.
This place was great!  food is really tasty and staff is very attentive. Ramon, whom we had the pleasure of serving us,  never let our champagne run dry!
This place used to be alright, but now it only serves the dregs of the casino Buffet. Even if you are starving at 1 in the morning, just save yourself the disapointment and the high prices and just go to Dennys instead.
Beer was great, atmosphere was great, food was great.
I love this place.  Free wifi, tables with privacy for laptop use, power at every seat and even a tv.  Oh yeah, and the cheesecake is real good also.
Best yogurt I've ever tasted. Wonderful consistency, not watered down. Clean toppings bar and a good selection at that! I hope they keep it up!! And the pumpkin pie flavor is DELISH!!
Excellent service. My stylist was efficient and gentle. She did exactly what I asked. The head rub was good. Also for you single guys she was attractive.
Great value, friendly staff. Arrived here in the middle of a New Year's Day snowstorm, unable to continue on to Chicago. Was greeted by very helpful female clerk who printed out a list of restaurants that would deliver that night. Breakfast included warm items and was well stocked. Room was clean and comfortable.
The food is so good. \nService was on point \nParking is good, only if the mall is not too busy!\nThe food portion was good. \nI ordered children's plates & they were full. \nThe ticket for 3 adults & 2 kids was around $100.00
i love haunted houses, but this was a overall bust.  the lines were outrageous, the scares were minimal.  numerous times i found myself wishing in was over because it was simply boring.\n\ni will not go back
If you like overly sweet, weak coffee drinks, I recommend the 7-11 a few doors down; their coffee is about $2 to $3 cheaper & it takes less time to get. The person behind the counter at 7-11 is more likely to smile at you as well.
Who says there's no such thing as love at first sight? \n\nStrappy gold sky-high platforms. We were meant to be.
A topless diner near the Olympic Stadium. Decent diner food, lots of security lounging about, and what looked to be a few regulars hanging out. \n\nFYI - I was the only female patron!
The teachers are helpful, super in shape, and amazingly motivating.\n\nIt is HAWT as Hades in here so be prepared.  I leave feeling like a new person!\n\nloves it!
Instead of going thru the Drive-Thru, I walked in and order Hot Cafe Mocha and light Carmel Frap with both  light on the whip cream. The gal that was making the Frap got lost into what she was making and the whip cream oozing out of the top. My Cafe Mocha seemed to be watered down.
Gogi is a superb stop for amazing and fresh Korean food, excellent service and good atmosphere. Everything is served fresh and in a timely manner. And their kim chi is second to none, You cant go wrong with this place.
I'm on an extended business trip and have a rental about a mile from here. I come in about every other day for very gratifying and deeply nourishing food. The people here are lovely and warm, the space is clean and bright. This is probably now my favorite place in Vegas and I'm happy to share it with you.
Lots of pinball machines packed together. No admission just bring cash to pay for the huge selection of games.  A little something for everyone.
If you're going here for food, you're at the wrong place.\nBeer and eye candy is the specialty and at this location it ain't half bad.\n:)
Amazing costumer service!!!! Gave me a great deal to fix my sons iPhone 4S. Phone looks and works great!
i have used them several times and they do a great job. My mother in law also has used them for about 10 years. Her carpet always looks brand new... Give them a try, you wont be disappointed
The exterior wash was below average. The interior looked like they wiped it down just enough to remove dust but was nowhere near clean. I do not recommend this car wash at all.
This location is awful. They changed names and nothing actually changed besides that. Food isn't very good. Dinners come with nothing but mounds of onions. So many better places to choose from. Won't be going back.
The food was okay but the service was terrible.  We waited two hours for our meal and some of the children were served last to be served.  Some of our favorite meals were discontinued from the menu.
First things first. I'm here on a food run. Secondly this place sucks. The employees are ok but the manager is incompetent. Where in the world does a McDonalds run out of soda and run out of sandwich buns. Absolutely pathetic. Not even worth a review but I had to put them on blast for this !
Worst Outback in the United States!! Ordered a 16 oz. prime rib. It came 10 Oz. of fat and took for f*uckin ever!! The last time I was here the lady acted like she wanted a noose for a tip so she could hang herself. NEVER AGAIN!!!!!
All I have to say is not good it was better off being a Starbucks. The waitresses was rude there. The place smelled really bad. The cook was nasty. To pizza taste like a frozen dinner. Didn't want to leave a reading it doesn't even deserve one start. But it will not let me post it without rating.
A Sugar rush for grown ups. The drinks come with fancy names, same are good, some aren't. Use your judgement and know what booze goes wells when mixed.\nCandiBar is really small, and it will get to you after half an hour. So don't stay too long. You will get a headache
The best local place to get beer.  It has the feeling of NODA. I have never seen a better selection of cold quality craft beers.
Jumbo burrito is booombbb. Everywhere I go and get carne asada anything,  the carne asada comes out chewy or nervy, it grosses me out, but this place actually had good carne asada In their burro. \n Horchata is good too
I paid $18 for beef chow fun and my buddy paid $13 for veggie chow mein. Besides being overpriced, the food was good and the service was consistent. If you want \"real\" Chinese food in Vegas, take a cab off the strip.
really, really nice place! Definitely check this one out!
Great collection of beers with 125+ on tap.  Food is very good as well, ranging from sandwiches to full dinners.  I had a Indonesian style grilled shrimp with nicely spiced rice.  Others had the Ahi Tuna which was cooked perfectly (rare!).  Overall nice place for casual dining
Relaxing drinks after a night at the theatre... Awesome vibe... Bar staff are attentive but not terribly quick... Really enjoyable and friendly atmosphere...
The negative complaints about this place are all about the prices here. The food is awesome. Fried pickles are some of the best I've ever had. Support your local restaurants and pay the extra buck or two. It's going to be better than chilli's. I promise.
Ask for the price of beer if you're on a budget. I just bought a $10 Dos Equis. Lame. I've eaten here twice coming through this airport; the food is okay.
just ok.
Was eager to eat here because of the executive chef. The duck prosciutto was absolutely amazing! Vanilla and apple creme brulee was to die for
Its too modern, slightly cold for me and what I love about Vegas.. Its missing character/gimicky/showy over the top that Vegas should exude. Room was gorgeous though. Very open feel to the casino. I liked the pool here better than the Encore
Terrible service! Terrible food! I'd give less than one star if that was possible. Not sure how this place is still open.
It's hard to get pasta wrong. Its also hard to stick out. Babbo does neither. A distinctly average yet affordable dining option located north of the 101 loop. They have lunch specials and decent pizza and wine.
Walked in and ignored by both the bar tender and the server. When we got the server's attention and asked to be seated it seemed like we were interrupting her. \n\nWe walked....
I love all of the products they carry and the cheese options are amazing. Its just sooooo expensive. I accidentally (didn't check the price at the time) bought a can of Altoids $5!! I wish this place was more affordable, then I'd be there everyday
First time staying at Harrahs and the rooms were decent. Only problem we had was the noise factor!! We were on the 15th floor and could hear the live band out front all night long in our room! It was very hard to sleep!! Casino and dealers were great!
I had a bad experience here. The 2 women behind the counter were very rude and kept rolling their eyes at me. I was very offended. I will be taking my business somewhere else next time. so disappointing.
Limited menu. Trying to be too hipster. Prices are too high for what you get.
I'm all about the Chips & Salsa.  My usual Happy Hour fix here: Queso Fundido & Chips and an Iced Tea. Always great service. I can't wait for tomorrow's Happy Hour here. Cheers***
Great people work there. They saved a bag we left and returned it to me when I came back. \n\nOnly suggestion, have a few more deals on m&m's. \n\nLove the candy wall, and the samples too.
Terrible service.  Small portions.  Food was overcooked.  Would not return.  Rating should be \"zero stars\"!
Always good food for a fair price.\nPlace is clean and everybody is courteous.\nThe place is always packed so they must be doing something right.\nThe crab wontons are amaaazing!!\nI highly recommend this place...
The worts place for service on your car they stole my wallet even though was hidden in the glove compartment. They hired criminals and illegals    to work for them I will suggest to never go to there isn't safe
I have never gotten the correct order here, and the DT wait is horrendous. I go there weekly to buy ice & I often wait between 7-12 minutes in the drive-thru line. Inside is usually overrun by unsupervised 13 yr olds.
We saw this place on Groupon and decided to try it out. We really enjoyed this place. \nFor a conveyor belt sushi joint their selections were pretty good.  The service could be slow during rush hour. I save my receipt for 15% off next visit.
Getting a window fixed. It got busted out at circus circus. $150 for my left rear window. I drive a 13 kia soul. The owner here is really really nice. Very happy and definitely recommending this place to people.
The Cashier Lady, at a Korean supermarket of \"Greenland\", is so terrible!!  No smile, NEVER says \"hello\" nor \"thank you\".  Always tapping her fingers even when customers are at the check out counter, so ANNOYED!!  She should know what is a customer service.
Absolutely not. My drink was weak as hell. Tastes like sour lime juice and ice. It's decor is great but whyyyyy is everything over-priced?
Yuck. Very dissapointed in my 10/2/14 meal. I visited for dinner and to watch the football game.  The service could not have been less inviting and the experince less memorable. The Aria has better dining choices.
The truffled egg sandwich and cinnamon biscuits with strawberry compost is some of the best breakfast items I've ever had!
I was really nervous taking my dogs to a new place.. I'm new to the Anthem area, and my dogs needed a good grooming desperately.. when I picked them up, I was so relieved.. they looked amazing!! .. \n\nThank you!!
Overpriced sushi, underwhelming small portion specialties, and arrogant, W-type servers. A scene for some (skanky women and douchey men in trucker hats), overpriced hotel food for most.
really REALLY enjoyed this place. We got the smoked salmon for a starter, I got the shrimp and grits and the wife got a salad. Ended on key lime pie. Every bite was perfect and the quality was top notch. THANK YOU FOR BEING SO AWESOME!
My friend and I made an appointment and still waited 15 minutes after we arrived. 2 of the women were rude and one even said my friend asked for the scrub when she didn't and still charged the extra money for it. Never going back!
This place probably has the best lunch deal in Phoenix. $5 for an awesome burger, fries, and a drink. I'll definitely return here.
My overall take away was that it was a long wait (over 10 minutes and there were no other drive through or dinning room customers), the food was eh, and it was pricey. I don't think I'll be going back.
Great place, unfortunately the last two times I have tried to go they were closed (during the business hours listed). You may want to call ahead before you make the drive
Bomb!!  Definitely must try everything we tried was fantastic the Mac n cheese, ribs, chicken,pulled pork brisket and peach cobbler!! It so hit the spot!! We will definitely be back and let are friends and family know about this place!!
I thought this store was very picked over and nothing for selection. Was very disappointed.
I don't like this place  there sushi  is all premade that's y it come's out in a to go box. They keep  in the fridge in the back, and for the price you pay it should all be made fresh.
Awful. I brought in a pair of $200 jeans to be hemmed. When you bring in an expensive pair of jeans to be hemmed you don't want the bottom to be hacked off and simply folded over and sewn up. The jeans are totally ruined. It looks like something I could of done myself
Nothing really special. I've tried better. Everything was too sweet.  Waste of money. Service was just okay.
There are lots of great restaurants near Phoenix area, as a Chinese student, I would like to say the Szechwan palace can represent the authentic Chinese food.  I ordered Mopo Tofu, Chongqing Hotpot and Boiled beef and fish today. All dishes are really spicy and I really love it.
Worse place ever, store is messy and short staff. The ladies at the counter can't calculate time, 20 mins turned into over 2hrs and still not done. I ended up taking my stuff because it wasn't even half way done. \n\nDon't waste your time!!!
Classic deli with good food at a fair price. The decor is stuck in the 70's but The service is first rate and very friendly. Not a fan of the cash only policy since I use my debit card for everything.  Fountain drinks would be nice upgrade.
In a gritty section of Phoenix sits this stately Whataburger.\n\nIronically, I have a passion for their chicken sandwich which his always just right and their large fries in the stand up boxes is cool.\n\n\nFor fast food, this is pretty damn good.
Good food quality, long lines.  Skimpy on the chicken.  Just an ordinary lunch.  Pigeons on the patio, not the cleanest place, but I've seen worse.  \n\nJacked up the prices a while ago and finally went back.  Now I know why I waited so long.  Average for the price.
With the name, I definitely thought I was in for some good NYC pizza. The only similarity is the size of the slice. The pizza is overpriced and doesn't taste that good. The kids didn't even go back for a second slice.
There's a great selection of stores -- some of them are only found in the U.S. in Vegas (Agent Provocateur, Juicy Couture).  It's fun to gawk, and isn't that why most of us go to Vegas anyway?
Foods great here as usual, but .....tonight's empty and we been sitting for 15 WITHOUT ANY SERVICE...WTH service has become shitty....this has been happening here a lot lately
The food here is good for sure.  Fairly healthy options for a quick food place too.  I really enjoy the baked chicken here.  The staff is always friendly.  I have been back a few times, and my friends and I always enjoy it.
This is a great lunch option! Quick and reasonably priced. I really like their tacos and the guacamole is delicious!! Lots of fresh toppings!!  For meat, definitely recommend the pulled pork and steak!  Chicken was so-so...kind of bland. Service is fast and friendly.
I got the burger, and I have to admit, it was really good. They mix the onion in with the meat, to give it a meatloaf texture, and slight taste. I loved it. The only thing I don't like is the prices. A bit on the ritzy side.
Elegantly casual!! Never had an experience like this before. Seating was awkward but the food was unique and memorable. Must try Meat  and Potatoes !
I don't understand the hype!  The bread was ok, but they use over processed Smithfield Ham!  I can buy that at the grocery store.  Their mayo tasted funny, too!  Never going back!
I called Moonlight Plumbing today and was very impressed. This wasn't the right company for my job however the technician was honest about their capabilities. I would use them in the future.
It's very smokey but I love the true non smoking section for bingo. Bingo is great here.
The food ranks with the best in Boston and  NY.  With a little decor it could be a 5 star rating. While I've had better in China, this is whole lot closer. \nChili wontons- great\nFish in spicy broth- great\nfried chicken w/ potato - excellent
I enjoy the rotating artwork from local artists, beer selection (and beer specials!), and they host a figure drawing class on Mondays.  Certainly one of my favorite bars in Plaza.
Love this spot. Reminds me of some favorite bbq spots back home in Colorado. Really good food and a great price. I'm a regular.
Cod n fries. Looked great but after we were done we felt like we drank a pint of grease. Felt sick all night.
Americano took 15 minutes to make. Unacceptable. Asked the brunette making it and she told me they would call my name in the rudest tone. Won't be back. Cashier wasn't friendly. No smile. Decor was cute and cool. Good coffee, terrible service.
Worst ER EVER!!!!!!!!!!!! online says 7minutes wait....but its actully 24hours wait!!! Stupid!!!!
I'm keeping this review short and sweet because it'll mirror the size of their lobster roll. \n\nTasted good.  Small roll.  Tease.  It was an $18 snack.
I highly recommend this company. They were on time and their workers (Zac &Eric) were totally professional and cleaned up after the job was complete. \nThey rewired our entire   Sound system ,Patio,LR,DR & BR. To our satisfaction.\nI will use them again when needed.
Great service! My first time to bring my shitzu here! Jax \"jojo\" had a great time.! Thank you to Lindsay for helping me and showing me how the self grooming works! Well be back :)
This is a nice place that seldom had anyone in it.  Very large, and the food is pretty good.
The waitress was super friendly. \nThe food was good, a little on the cold side\nThe flavors were unique\nThe portion sizes are medium/average to small compared to the price.
It is a rather small bar inside of GVR, with a small staff, needless to say it will take you awhile to get a drink.\n\nIf you are looking for something with barely there lighting, and a small group, then this may be the place for you. It's very low key.
If there's a zero, I would've given that. Sh*ttiest place ever. An 8 in veggie pizza took FOREVER to order. Never will I ever set foot on here again.
There are soooo many restaurants in Vegas.... Do yourself a favor and skip Eiffel Tower. Filet should be buttery and not the texture of a top sirloin or a leather shoe. Potatoes were perfectly cold. There were so many employees and noone seemed to be organized. Try Strip Steak
Worst food ever, nothing is fresh, fried chicken was raw. \nWe did not eat much, left hungry. \nWould not recommend to anyone.
not happy with the service here at all. our waitress was ClaudiaA who disappeared and didn't come back for 20 minute increments which led our food to come out cold and 20 minutes apart. I will not recommend this place to any friends or family visiting in the area.
High priced and the Teppanyaki was a major disappointment.  Food was just ok and the Chef was boring.   I have eaten at many of this type rest. with this one being the worst.
Good selection , sushi was ok..\nSoup and Turkey Blt was good.\nMost likely will come back again !\nAtmosphere was fun , clean and no wait
I came in with great expecations for this place, but walked out pretty dissapointed.  The facilities were unimpressive for both the Canyon Ranch name and the $35 admission fee.  I would strongly suggest taking your money and visiting elsewhere.
Poor service delivered by a staff who act as if they are hating the work. Food is average but so is the price. Given the wide range of choices in the Mexican category in  Phoenix there is no reason to visit this one at all.
Tried this for the first time the other day. The staff was very friendly and really takes the time to explain things to you. A must to check out!!!
Great service from Michelle. Arrived early ready to go. Waited for me to do a final walk through to ensure everything was done toy satisfaction and it was. \nWould definitely use Handybook and Michelle again.
Good location on the strip, about 500 feet up, with chances to take photos through the little holes of open space. A rather emaciated, bald middle aged black tour guide offers tons of insight for you as you look around. He's a cool old cat and worth talking to if you're interested in Vegas history and current events.
Such bad service I had to rate it from the iPhone...
Bought the tickets on the fly based on yelp reviews and was not disappointed!!! Was such a funny, sexy show... Worth the money and time without a doubt!!! Would recommend to any adult couple or group.
Service was good. Food was nothing special. Prices were too much for what I got. I think Ill stick to The Farmhouse in downtown Gilbert.
Got sick from here...My food came out in about 30 seconds.  I should have known.
One of the most down to earth guy you will ever meet!  Always there with helpful advice, and practical techniques to keep your back healthy!  Thanks for all you do Dr. Wayne.
Hands down, great for breakfast. Well worth the wait. Yes there's usually wait but worth it. Good for couples and families, and the staff is friendly and quick. Busy but friendly and food is great.
Had the pasta special last night at Mama's and it was unreal.  Pure breast meat chicken bolognese in a tomato sauce with perfectly cooked rigatoni. Chef Drew hits another home run.
A superb store with polite, knowledgeable personnel and a great selection. No need to wade through Jean-Talon Market or Atwater Market. Sometimes they are bit too pricey, and prepared foods are sometimes just a shade too spicy, but still excellent.
The food was very good. The prices however, are INSANE! $18 for an 8oz sandwich with nothing on it at all, but cheese and meat, 10 steak fries, and a drink. Go next door to Fired Pie. MUCH better deals.
Food was good.  However 71 dollars is simply too much money for one piece of fish. Also waiters self promote too much.
There are lots of stores here and quite a few restaurants.  It's a great place to get out of the heat and walk around and if you don't want to spend crazy amounts of cash at the nearby high-end and designer stores then this mall offers a lot of the standard places like any other mall around the country.
Well if your a crack head or a roach you would like this place. Residents of the hotel are sketchy as hell and have 4 teeth. the sheets are stained. Roaches are everywhere i guess you get what you paid for
The atmosphere is pretty nice, but the food is only meh. I found everything to be overpriced, and the tea that I had was nothing spectacular.
I can easily spend a weeks salary here! Great quality clothing and unique finds for all men, women, and kids! Love this place.
First time here. The people are super high energy and fun. They blast awesome music and really bring out personality in the people that they photograph. They seem a bit disorganized, but who cares if the pictures are good. \n\nSitting fee is very inexpensive. Photos are normal prices.
Gerade hier einen erdbeerbecher gegessen,sehr lecker,bestes vanille und erbeereis und frische erdbeeren
The best pudding I've ever had, ever. Get a lot of small plates to share. Ambiance is great and the servers are knowledgeable. Wouldn't change a thing!
I have given this place an entire handful of tries but I am done. The sushi here is very bland and nothing special. There are definitely better sushi restaurants out there.
Kimmie Carlson is a pro at cutting, coloring and styling hair.  I have been going  to Kimmie for a year and I love the way she listens to me and suggests ways to make my hair look the best.  If you are looking for a great personable stylist who wants your hair to be its best, then book with Kimmie!
Chili on fries was dry (as seen in photo) wings were slimy and full of excess skin.
Ice cream that is delicious!! This place is alot like cold stone creamery. Very rich and creamy, good amounts for what ur paying, but not cheap. It's nice that it's right next to subway and chipotle so you can grab a yummy desert after your regular food!
Loved this event!! Food was amazing cannot wait for the opening Wednesday! I like how the yelp events give back and Nikki collected food donations for Second Harvest Food Bank. It's nice to meet new people and everybody is super friendly and fun.
mediocre Chinese food, good service, reasonable prices, pretty restuarant.\n\nmeh. wish the food was tastier!
This place was a great find in Montreal! The staff was amazing and provided excellent service. They serve good food even late night and the beer selection is hard to beat. Definitely recommend checking this place out!!
Wow, they have everything I was looking for from frozen spring rolls, grated cassava and hosin sauce to Chinese broccoli and chayote. And most of the vegetables are prepackaged which is convenient but you can't really select.
Stayed here for the weekend on a Staycation with my husband. Great rooms. Lots of resturaunts to choose from with great variety. All the resturaunts give u A LOT of food. Great price plus gift shops and free tower admission. Would definetly recommend and be staying again.
I just gave Eloff my house to list for rent. Good part is he found a Tennant within 1 month and always responds to calls/texts.
Awesome now
The Elbow Room exceeded my expectations.  The Novemburger was creative and flavor full.  Lunch time on a Saturday seemed quiet though, and the ambiance seemed to be lacking a certain something.
Solid steakhouse.  Pretty conventional steakhouse fare - steaks, potatoes, broccoli, you get the idea...Great service.
You want to make an appointment at this place? Go ahead! It's another story that it doesn't matter when you show up, because you still get in the line. Fail!\nPS - Some employees are super rude and would yell at you.
No call, no show for appt this afternoon. Requested refund from LivingSocial.
Ordered 4 pounds of shrimp for my family of four....ended up getting 3 pounds on the receipt but it was too late when I arrived home. WTF. Also had to repeat my order twice -___- .  Order#133354
Beautiful hotel and delicious restaurants. Great location. Only downside was the overcrowded, annoyingly set up mini pools- expected more in that area.
The food was okay but they did not put enough in the plate for the price. I have been to many other restaurants and if they did not give you enough meat, they at least gave you a lot of rice. It was kind of a disappointment.
Bad service. I asked the lady if they still stamp cards for buying smoothies and says yes. I handed her my card and she throws it back to me. Not hand back she threw it back!!!!!!!!!!
Shame on hospitals or doctors to send their clients' bills to them.  They choose gaining interest on these bills than serving their clients, struggling or not.  Do they not have the thousands of dollars to have a department to follow up of this?\n\nAnd same of Allied Collection Services as well.
Ever since they left their old location on 19th and Dunlap I been looking for a place to go for Chinese Food. Now thanks heaven there back. The food tasted just like the old days, including the Crystal Shrimp.
Love this place! Great food and great prices. Definitely a unique place and usually pretty slow but overall I've only had good experiences! The meatball subs are soooo good! Good for lunch dinner or drinks.
They delivered a bunch of goodies to my office and seriously, this is one of the most delicious cupcakes I've ever had.  As my coworker described, they are \"outrageous.\"  Definitely stop in and get some if you get a chance!
The food is terrible. We went for happy hour and get the caprese and the calamari. The caprese was like eating diced tomatoes that had been stewing in something. The calamari was small and predominately breading.
Not clean. Literally Circus Circus and Motel 6 are giving them a run for their money. Dirty floors, comforters filthy, holes in furniture (not kidding). It's unfortunate. If you want a nice hotel to stay in, stay away from Luxor.
This location is closed. Wish we had one in SW Las Vegas!
Good variety, however the food was rather bland and didn't taste very fresh. For $18 I am sure you can do better on a Saturday night!!  My teenage son complained the tandoori chicken was tasteless, but he did enjoy the naan. Overall, I would avoid this place in the future.
Ginbu 401 Rocks!\nAgain... Hand rolls are great.\nPad Thai... Wow! Fresh, clean and light.\nThis is now my place when in town...
Very polite service when I called Rakeman plumbing yesterday.  Charlie was at my house within the hour without having to pay a diagnostic fee as with two other plumbers I called.  Fantastic service, polite, efficient and knowledgeable.  Will definitely use again.  Thank you Charlie!
Everything never comes out the way you're picturing. Simple presentation and not very good.   Salty and they ran out of A1 sauce.
Best to stick to the apple pie.  The breakfast  especially the sausage is reflective of the prices. Cheap.
I had a great experience at this location. I was greeted when I walked in, my wait time was short, I felt like the radiology tech and office staff were all very knowledgeable, and I definitely recommend this location to everyone!
Over priced even for a Vegas lunch place. Horrible service if you don't look like you have money. Food had no flavor, even the chipotle chicken was bland. They didn't honor our reservation. Stunk this was our first place in Vegas.
Friendly staff. Great prices for range. Overall, I will definitely will be coming back.
Went here today. Small store but carries a lot of stuff. Now I don't need to drive all the way to the city for things.  Thank you for your business being close to us.
Great place to grab a quick bite before a meeting in the halls of the Government Center. The cajun chicken sandwich is out of this world and the make your own Arnold Palmer is always a great addition. Make sure to check it out!
Best sushi place in the entire PHX area. Great food, drinks, service and atmosphere.
Eat here often after plays at Belk theater. We enjoy the atmosphere, food and wine.  Good service. Great sour dough bread. The crab tower for appetizer is really good and is a good share.
staff is terrible, hotel is clean, new and easy access.  Being a VIP member I have to say I got the worst service than any other Marriott ever.
After they cancelled my reservation for no reason, embarrassing me in front of my group, I will never stay here again.  \nSad,cause it was my favorite hotel and recommended it highly to all who were coming to Vegas.
More expensive than most of the sushi places in Mesa. They make the rolls look normal sized by adding extra rice using very little fish. I would not go back, very poor value.
I love Excalibur!   I've been coming here for almost 20 years.   Sure they aren't the fancy casino, but they are affordable and their rooms are clean.   I love the family friendly atmosphere.   Highly recommended!
The food was really good.  I had the scorpion roll and pink lady roll both were really good. The quantity was pretty good too!! Loved the ambience and service .
Best French toast ever with a crunchy oatmeal topping. Biscuits and gravy were exceptional also. But the pie - my oh my!! The service is fast and courteous and the facilities are clean. Highly recommend stopping in for breakfast or lunch!
Food was great.  Our server was not so great. He seemed very smug. Didn't want to help us much. Worst service in all of vegas. Food was awesome though.
These guys are amazing. The dealership tried telling me I desperately needed an alignment and wanted a ridiculous amount of money.  Brought it to these guys based on reviews I read online.  They put it up checked it out and found out my alignment was perfect. I would highly recommend this place.
Loved this place! Went for lunch and all the food we ordered was amazing and tons left over for dinner that night! Highly recommend this place!
What horrible customer service! The girl had such an attitude.  She made feel as though I was an inconvenience by asking her questions about the dole whip! Will not be coming back here again.
I found this place from yelp an I loved it. taste of food is awesome. prices are really good. and now I am looking forward to go other places because I miss it.
Wonderful stadium! Situated in a beautiful area of Arizona. The surrounding land is gorgeous! SRF offers more than just games, they have entertaining events & fun baseball camps for kids! Very friendly & efficient staff.
The younger doc was helpful and thorough but that is the only positive thing I can say.
I have had better I have had worse........I little to small for my taste everyone is really crammed in.
I'd been here a couple of times with a friend of mine who lives in Mount Lebanon.  I can only rate the coffee here 'cos I've never had their food or baked goods. \n\nGood coffee here, but the help here seems a little eclectic.
Great for quick sandwiches on the go or before a game. Smoke in hotel really kills it for me.
Can't believe that anyone who's ever had quality sushi would like this place. This place would be out of business back in Cali. Not only is the sushi boring but it's WAY OVER PRICED!
Really enjoyed my experience on a Saturday night\n\nThe service was really good and waitress was able to recommend my party a couple of new selections. \n\nAll sushi came out nice and fresh and was a great meal
I have tried to like this place but after my 5th or 6th time there I finally threw in the towel!!! It is just down right gross sorry!!! over salted or under salted. service is so questionable. they should have never opened the Mexi-cafe because they need to solely focus on NOFO!!!
Wellness Drink is to die for!! love it:)
Very basic Chinese buffet. They have crab legs on the weekends. Some of the temps on the food was questionable....had a lot of yummy desserts. Service was great!
Overpriced for what it is. The atmosphere is great, which is why it still gets three stars. The food is so-so at best.
Good pizza, but kind of pricey.
Service is extremely slow and food is just OK.
Drove all the way to this place to discover it is not accessible even though it is marked as an accessible restaurant. Highly disappointed!
Serious....\nSP Fries....\nWings\nreally, this place rocks
Order the flying saucer or mango salad.  Both are delicious.
Pretty good. The meat is great. They mix orders up sometimes and you don't always get what you're supposed to. Otherwise pretty good food and nice people.
Awesome place to relax and have a beer and some food.  Lots of screens to watch sports and lots of beer choices to choose from on tap.  The guys that run this place are great they always say hello and are always friendly and cheerful.  I have never had a single problem here at all.  I go here often and will continue.
Not great but just ok.  Backed oysters were above average but the yellowfin tuna was unremarkable.  New York steak was not as tender as it should have been.  I think they did not serve Choice cuts.
I have to admit I liked it better as Pips... :/ The wine bar is one of my favorite things at this place and even the other night just was not hitting the right spot.  I know we had a few appetizers and they were delicious! the sliders were my fave!
Great fun pizzas. Good wine. Would give 5 stars if service was better to ask about a second glass!
This place is terrible , never go here ever. It was 5 people in there I ordered some wings and the bar wench forgot about me. It took an hour to get my mediocre wings.
Not impressed. My 29 dollar pizza was not only cold when it showed up, but flavorless as well. At least my toddlers seem to like it...
Stop six of seven on our buffet of buffets journey. So far this is my fave. Great selection. Highlights were the lamb and baklava. \n\nI wasn't really looking forward to another buffet after grazing all day, but this made me want to actually eat again
Had the pleasure of getting my car tinted by them and man, they are good! They are very friendly and provide awesome customer service! I am very satisfied with the services they provided and Orlando takes pride in his business and it really shows. Highly recommended for sure!
Love the staff, awesome people and always friendly, very clean restaurant and the coffee is always good
The food is always consistent but getting them to answer their phone to place a to-go order is a nightmare! On multiple occasions we've ended up placing an order elsewhere since they either don't answer or they put you on hold and never come back.
Not one of the better Roberto's in town. Salsa is so so and they charge $2.89 for plain chips! Everyone else charges a buck. Food is decent.
it was smaller than i had expected.\n\nand it was also pretty packed. but it was a friday night.\n\ndrinks were strong and i also noticed, something kind of odd, there was at least 3 professional (full service) women here and they were very opened about this. crazy.
It was fantastic! Great customer service the food was delicious. I would go there again - no doubt.
This is a popular franchise restaurant from China ...good price and good food,all you can eat,and the soft drink too....compare with the one in China town..I like hotpot this one in Brossard...the service is good and cheaper than Chinatown ...I like here!
I definitely feel that the their strongest items are the fried rice dishes. The pad thai is way too sweet and the sushi is average at best.
loved the swedish fish cocktail - not a huge fan of the fried chicken and waffles.. enjoyed the fried mac and cheese balls... not a priority to go back, wouldn't recommend
Great place. Excellent experience. Had the scallops for my main dish. Amazing!  If I could give this place 10 stars, I would.
Came to gamble and buy tickets for the show. Asked a waitress for a drink said it wasn't her area. Set down and played for a hour no on came or asked if we needed anything. Service in the casino sucked..
The TV's in here aren't arranged well, the food was lame, the bartender....Alisha was wicked nice. I would go again if my plan was to just drink beers and play the bar slots but for all other bar and grill purposes I'll go elsewhere.
Went to the Palm Restaurant today with a friend and it was amazing. Expensive but well worth it. Our waiter was patient and informative. Thanks Charles, we will definitely return.
I had their special 3 tacos and drink for 3.99 I tried the fish, steak, and potato tacos with their homemade salsa. I liked the potato taco not a fan of the fish. The customer service was amazing and I could not have meet better people.
These guys know their keys! I have brought in at least 2 very complicated older car keys, one of which was broken in two pieces! These guys helped me every time. Highly recommend. Very reasonable prices, in my opinion.
Mr. Mama's isn't much to look at but the service was friendly and my breakfast burrito was pretty good. Prices were cheap too. Give it a try.
Worse than ever! They did not have formula for our daughter. They did not have formula. Horrible. Also, they sold us a bag of Butterfingers which was missing several of the bars. (Just empty individual packs.)
I've eaten here three times. The spicy basil dish with rice is very good, but not really spicy unless you add hot sauce at the table. Pad thai is way too salty. It is made different here than i've had it anywhere else. Prices are fair.
I've been here twice and really enjoy it.  Very beautiful plants and a real nice walk.  Both of my kids also enjoy it.
Awesome price for iPhone glass replacement, good friendly service!!
It is sad to see taiwan Express go. I enjoyed their food enormusly
I like to eat here every now and then. The Mongolian beef is one of my favorites. Prices are reasonable.
Now reopened. Love this Vet. The day after the appointment we got a call to make sure everything was ok. We got a post card in the mail telling us our dog was due for a shot. Front desk is very helpful and nice. I very much recommend this place.
Great food, service and overall good time.
great place to stay but the valet needs work......an associate by the name \"Craig mertz\" was rude and impolite, someone should teach that kid how to work in the hospitality industry
Nice atmosphere, but miles away it seems, nestled deep in the Cosmo. Beautiful chandeliers and comfortable tables. Service for drinks was slow, but plate removal fast. The spread was good, but not as good as I was expecting. Still enough to fill me up and be pleased. We thought the brunch price was a great value.
This was a great stop for dinner! I will def come back for not only the burgers and fries but the great service Joe R. gave us.  He was so helpful with recommendations... I was pleasantly surprised with my overall experience.  Oh, btw the on tap IPA beers are great too.
Terrible. Should have taken nobody in there as a sign. I would say this place ranks below Panda Express. Food tasted FUNKY. I will not be back.
Cheesecake is delicious for one without a graham crust.  The fried ravioli isn't what I would order, I just don't think it was worth the calories.  Chilean bass is nothing special, but the steak as always is pretty consistent.  I love the coffee here.
Food was very good, loved the guacamole dip, not a huge fan of the salsa for the chips.   Salsa is a bit peppery.    Really enjoyed the food though, this place just opened early August, 2011.   I will be back for sure, very friendly staff, not the greatest looking place but not bad.
Favorite Phoenix Area coffee spot and it is in the airport. :D\nSo happy there is more than Starbucks here. Sorry Starbucks, this is real coffee not adult milkshakes.
I was just here for a 95 minute layover.  Ate at the food court.  It was crowded for a Saturday!\n\nLooks like the airport could use a bit of modernization.  Free Wi-Fi!
Flight landed in Vegas at 8:00 a.m. and we were hungry.  This is a weird, little strip mall joint but the food was good and the service was fast and the waitress was really nice.
Joe has been my property manager for over 4 years. We have been extremely happy with the service we have received. We have had excellent tenants with Joe that have never missed a payment and maintain our property. We have and will continue to recommend him to anyone who needs a property manager.
Great dinner with my family. Especially my son just returned from Navy college and was very happy to noticed a welcome card made by the staffs. I love their porterhouse and delmonico ribeye.  My hotel executive secretary was very impressed of the   chocolate cake and we had a great time !
Great haggis, great service, great whisky advise, and free wireless to customers!
I highly recommend staying here at the Arizona Golf Resort if you are ever in Mesa Arizona, room is abosulely gorgeous, service is a five star.  Would come back for sure whenever I come back to Mesa.
This is a great spot to grab a drink and food while watching a game. The food was good and staff was friendly. It doesn't hurt that they're a Redskins bar so I was happy to see fellow fans there crying in their beers watching the games and hoping for a win.
Fresh oysters were creamy and not brine tasting- yum. Clam chowder was thick and hearty, crab cakes were tasty as well. Excellent service and well taken care of.
just moved here from los angeles. wanted some korean food. had the soontofu which was fantastic. definitely recommend it.  there's also a korean market next door which is an added bonus to head to that strip center.  will be going back again very very soon.
This place is the best thing about Mandalay Bay. The burgers are delicious and the shakes are really good too. It's gonna take more than this to get me back into Mandalay Bay (see MB review for details) but if I'm craving a burger in Vegas, I would go here.
Little did I know, they have an area around the corner, past the bathrooms that is much more calm!! I am now a fan :)
I like their curry. But the restaurant is quite small. I always liked Curry House in California. I think this place, Curry Zen is now my curry spot in Las Vegas. I'm happy i don't have to go to California to taste decent Japanese Curry.
I feel like I could have purchased their food in the freezer section of my grocery store. Server was nice.
never again
Smokey atmosphere and old buns on mediocre burger
My wife and I searched for the perfect pizza place when we moved to Az. The food, service, proximity, friendliness of staff were all superb here. We have gotten to be regulars and feel like welcome friends here. Sure there are many other pizza places but this one suits us best!
Love it the sandwhiches, havent tried the pizza yet although I've heard nothing but good things.  Great build out to, love the use of reclaimed woods.
Did not enjoy the experience.   Chicken was sent raw on the inside.  It felt like there was no separation from the casino.  Management and hostesses were rude.  The only redemption was that Jessica and Roselle were friendly and attentive as servers.
Service was ok, but I'm sorry your men's bathroom stall needs DOORS! How in the world is it ok to not put one if you're taking a number 2? This can't even be legal!
The pizza and wings are okay. Nothing special. The wings were pretty good for baked, but aren't going to win any awards. \n\nBest thing about the pizza is the sauce, which is on slightly on the sweet side, making this better than the typical non-Chicago pizza.
This is your typical mall fair sushi.  Nothing overly outstanding.  But, if you're in a hurry and need to satisfy that sushi itch, then this place will be perfect. It's a good amount of sushi for the price, too.
Not busy and the service is bad we sit here for 10 mins before they get our drink order and then after we order it takes 40 mins to get our food.  Not a good day at dennys
1st appearance,  hotel looked okay. Upon further review, most of the electrical outlets were covered and the surge protector appeared fried..yet they left it in the room. Customer service seriously lacking (all departments). Don't waste your $$$ at this dump.
Wow ! how does she do it? She takes about 5 minutes , a load of colors and you end up with a personalized , stylized gorgeous picture. It looked like she waved a magic wand and magically made it happen! \nMy daughter was thrilled and went home and promptly took a picture so she could remember how beautiful it looked.
Sure, it's a chain.  But it's also good country cooking.  Make sure you bring your appetite, because you'll get plenty.  They serve breakfast all day, so ask for a menu.  They don't always give it to you, so be sure and ask for it if you don't get one.
I sat at the bar for happy hour. Had the hamburger, fries, and domestic beer for 6.95. The Burger was nice and tasty. The bar wasn't full so service was quick and efficient. Would definitely go back.
Not a bad li'l place to get a sandwich/hoagie. Lots of different offerings in that category for under $10. Service is fast, food is decent. Nothing to write home 'bout nor complain 'bout 'bout.
Wow, just like the Disney movie.
Umm.....who's idea was it to charge $16 for a 6 ounce mimosa in a plastic cup. We will NEVER and I repeat NEVER be back and I will warn every single person that I can to beware.
Tasty place with many options for true chocolate lovers... So tasty that I stopped in twice in one day and several times throughout the week. Milkshake happy hours!
The whole grill fish & Loma Larga wine is worth going there for.  Everything else was okay, including service.  Overall, the price was a bit high for what you get.
Loved the atmosphere and great customer service, but the food was bland (at best) and the prices are too high.
The burgers are not very good. The buns have a terrible texture, way too fluffy. The neat was bland and the toppings were nothing special. The deviled eggs were tasty though.
service was good, but the food kinda sucked...\n\nI can see going for the gimmick and drinking with group, but not for a meal
Very tasty Japanese food for Arizona.  The miso soup was too salty, but the Tuna Lover roll and Yakitori were good.  Don't make the mistake of coming during peak hours.  The Happy Hour is such a good deal you will be kicking yourself for not coming in earlier or waiting a little bit longer to eat and drink.
Really spacious, kind service, and delicious bread pudding! Great Irish music playing the whole time we were there. Loads of craic!
Price is right. Especially for the area.. Rooms could use a little remodel.. Smells kinda old and the carpet is worn.. Staff at night isn't always the friendliest..But again, you can't beat the price.. I will keep coming back.
Describes itself as a quality neighbourhood bistro, but this undersells it a little. Good food in comfortable setting.
Awesome place to buy snakes and fish supplies. I like that they are locally owned. Good for the local economy. Not that I have anything against a place like petsmart but this place is friendly good prices and most important to me locally owned.
Mediocre food at Las Vegas prices. Fish in dish with chips was frozen and bland. The rack of lamb was fine but not distinguishing. We had to eat and it was better than most alternatives.
Food was mediocre. Service was not impressive, to say the least.
Fast delivery. Told me it's going to take about an hour and the delivery came 30 minutes right after I hang up the phone.  Great serving amount of food. Friendly, fast, and reasonable cost. One of the few I'll recommend...
Always great delivery service here. However, whenever I ask for \"Chicago Cu\"t (in squares) they simply ignore it about 50% of the time. I usually have to call after I place the order online to make sure they cut it right. How hard can following simple order instructions be? ARGG!
Went here because that's where a date wanted to go.....I must say our server Haley was outstanding.  She redeemed BJ's.  The food was actually good and I loved the corn fritters with bacon aioli.  \nThank you Haley!
I got my tickets but the play was cancelled and they refused to refund.
It's  alright, cute servers , ramen its ok wasn't too crazy about it
Very delightful place - we ate the gelato and though it was a bit messy for the kids they were very polite and welcoming.
I love this place, but the prices are a little higher than other breakfast places. The atmosphere is really nice.
I loved Pizza Hut in 2 other states, but this was terrible!  The pizza was the worst I ever had and I had delivery so it was also cold.  Blah
$10.49 for a breakfast burrito with no sides and served on a small bed of iceberg lettuce. The service was about as lame as the prices. We had to go to Taco Bell afterward because we were still hungry. Sad but true.
Stopped here last night for happy hour - most all appetizers and drinks 50% off - what a deal!\nThen, we got carry out for home.  Food was excellent, fresh, tasty.\n\nIf I lived here I'd be a regular!
Although the sea food pancake was enormous the entire meal was authentic and delicious!  Try this restaurant if you enjoy a good Korean meal.
Buca is a great place to get a lot of food that you can share.  The food is tasty and can be a good place to go when you want something a little more than Oreganos or Olive Garden.  I would recommend this place for big families or parties that like family style food!
lobster bisque was ono! first time at vegas location, great service just like the aruba loc.
where else can you go for 48 hr notice specialty wedding cake?!?! awesome. . . from what i hear, one of the best in Vegas!!
We had a fantastic meal here tonight! It is a great, quiet restaurant with quality food and service.
The food is really good and the service is swift and friendly.  A wonderful surprise at the south end of the Vegas strip.
Not very impressed. Went for a girls night all we got was sleazy men hanging around. Too packed and not real room to move. And the wait for a drink was ridiculous. Had one then left
\"Food was pretty good; tad pricey. Long lines\"
Their fish are among the freshest of sushi restaurants, their apple roll OMG so good! And they now do monthly specials that add more taste to the menu! Very quite place nice atmosphere and excellent service!
Liked the atmosphere. The service was great. Our waiter was awesome. The food was good, but not great. I'll have to try it again.
Worst food! Worst service! Stupid crew at the Mongolian station!!!
This is a crappy airport especially considering its freaking Vegas. Can't the mega fancy resorts throw a couple bucks at this place and actually make it nice. It is functional and right on the strip, but other than that I can't name one good thing about it.
Excellent food with excellent service....they even allow my 4 lb yorkie to sit with us ......can't ask for more....thanks zaytoon.
Our steaks were cooked wrong, so the restaurant went out of their way to fix the problem.  Once it was all resolve, the food was good and we'd go back.  Had a great first experience here.
Some good people that work here still (Alex the bartender ) the last years since they got rid of the manager Shen G the place just isn't the same.  There sauces don't always taste the same and food portions during lunch are less than usual.  Maybe the Scottsdale location is better , but this one is slacking.
Best sub shop in the Phoenix Metro Area. High quality food with very reasonable prices. The employees and owner are super friendly and personable, such a great place to bring family or friends.
Nice ambiance. Had appetizers, they weren't that great.\n\nKind of small place.
After seeing many Cirque shows I cannot give Le Reve a good review!  The only good thing is the seating.  There is not a bad seat in the house.  The story is weird and pretty *yawn* boooringgggg.  My boyfriend almost feel asleep :(
love their sweet potatoe fries yummm
Excellent service!! Brooke and Hannah are awesome servers!! Food was excellent, chocolate Sauce was scrumptious !! The creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e is amazing!!
Had the worse nail experience here. I asked for a nail trim and a fill. The woman cut off some of my skin said \"sorry\" and passed me off to someone else. Wtf?! Definitely not going back!
The movie is a hilariously cursory and jingoistic history of Montreal. And you can get lost in the lower level at this place! (In a good way.) The temporary Marco Polo exhibit wasn't particularly exciting and seemed to have zero connection to Montreal, but the Plateau exhibit was fascinating and extremely well executed.
Not impressed. Service was poor. Food was slightly above average. Our entrees came out one at a time over a 10 minute period.
This review is for their breakfast buffet. Frankly it was TINY. Just an omelet station and some fresh fruit, definitely not what I was expecting. The omelet station had lots of choices of what to add in but I wish we would have gone elsewhere for breakfast.
ABSOLUTE FAVORITE STEAK HOUSE OF ALL TIME!\nAmazing steaks! Extremly intresting and delicious appetizers and desserts!\nVERY EXPENSIVE!
Absolutely awesome food. I would highly suggest their pad Thai. For late night snacking, they wheel out a small cart to serve on the sidewalk. A must after drinking. Hands down some of the best Pad Thai I've had outside of Thailand.
Fun atmosphere, and decent margaritas. If you plan on going order a cheese dip and drinks only. Skip the food and just have a couple drinks along with chips and salsa. Trust me, you will be glad you listened! Food is very bland and very expensive.
Just a wonderful experience all around. Staff was super friendlu and no pressure. Jeff was mu sales person. Very highly recommended!
This place is horrible! The Hispanic lady in the morning give the entire store (employees) coffee before she even helps customers. Today I was in line forever and finally walked out.
Talk about fast! With in 30 seconds of placing my lunch order I had a salad in front of me. 30 seconds later my sandwich arrived. Needless to say, the service here is lightning fast.
Best steak ever... Get the ribeye with mushroom & 25 year balsamic vinegar reduction sauce!
Do not shop at this store.  They quoted me a price in writing; would not honor it when they went to go ring it up and told me to go shopping elsewhere.  Terrible and rude, rude attitude!!!!
Tuesdays is the busiest and best day to order pizza.\nBuy one get one free.\nShorter wait times they say.\nPizza is so cheesy
BBQ shrimp...\nFried oysters...\nRBR...\n\nAll brilliant.
Overpriced.\nBut Dat Red Velvet cake is the tits!\nalso, they have old school cartoons playing.
I have been here on several occasions the food is great atmosphere is always great food is very well priced once you go here you will come back
Well, for the person who wrote the review before me, I guess you haven't met the owner yet. Wait till you meet her.\nIf it were the only place to shop for Asian foods, I would rather go hungry. Lucky for me, there are other Asian grocery stores which have better selections and way better customer service.
Great baby back ribs. Awesome BBQ sauce, mac & cheese, BBQ beans.\nWhat an unexpected delight! Friendly staff, too.
Decided to give them another shot.  Family in town and they wanted a cheesesteak.   Ordered at 6:00 I gave up and cancelled at 8:00.  Just left the house for Panda Express.   Someone please tell them to stop their delivery service.
Place is great! I lost my iphone 5s last night so had to go digging through my closet to find my old 4, the screen didn't even turn on! I brought it to these guys with no appointment and they got everything to 100 percent in the hour time frame that was promised.
my other favorite Vegas regular people food place, the vermicelli noddles had so much BBQ pork it must have been a mistake?! Delicious and worth the price, I've had better Vietnamese coffee, but that does not distract from the food, service, or locals.
Crap.  Crap.  Crap.\n\nWent here figuring out that rooms don't matter too much.  It was cheap.  I'll give it that.  But that's all it's got going for it.  Some random false alarm at 2 am doesn't help its case either.
It's like they're not even trying anymore. The ticket guys have attitude and the finish guys leave my car unfinished and sloppy.
Good food/drink, but TERRIBLE SERVICE!!! The staff member that waited on me was incredibly rude.  I'll definitely never go there again... I expect more than that from an establishment in Caesar's Palace.
I must say this was an amazing place to eat. The service was great, the environment was amazing. I really loved the food. We got pizza and best pizza we had in Las Vegas was here. The fish bowls are pricey but great. I love this place.
there is a dog park there if is really small and just has one run that why i do not go to that dog park because small dog's and big dog's sometimes should not play with one another sometimes i can cause trouble and the small dog's could get hurt
Decent food served in a timely manner. My food was served within 10 minutes. Surprisingly, their prices are not absurdly overpriced like the rest of the airport. I paid the same price for my meal as I would if I were eating at a Chili's restaurant at my hometown.
Been a few times to this location. Never had any issues.i always order the ribs (this place is you're basics for ribs) Friendly waiter/waitress, price is reasonable for what you get. It does the trick when u wanna eat out without breaking the wallet.
Don't stay here.
Alida Walters did a lighter retouch on my hair tonight and I love it! She also refreshed the rest of my hair and got it to the perfect tone! It's beautiful :)
Extremely poor service. Tried to charge us for dinner prices during lunch. Didn't apologize wen we had to point out the error. Pretty restaurant but that's it. Won't return.
This place is great. These are very talented designers, developers and strategists that share their collective knowledge with the intent of establishing and growing a vibrant community.
I was a big fan of this place back in the 90's but find I can find better food and beer for much less at other establishments around town.
This location is really kinda gross, it's a smaller store and its in a bit older/trashier part of town. I worried more about my car being vandalized then shopping so I made it a quick trip.\n\nIt'd be nice if the empty buildings would get merchandisers in them.
Rolled by Starbucks at 8:30am for breakfast, which was a tall steamed non-fat milk and an apple bran muffin.  I guess it was decent enough to rate a 3, but I have to subtract 1 star for the lack of organic milk.
We had no idea this place existed until Yelp.  It's a wonderful place for kids and adults.  You can see lions extremely close up. The staff is very knowledgeable and the facility is easy to walk around in a hour or so.
I thought the stage and special effects were very impressive but besides that I wasn't impressed. It was a little boring, I was actually wanting it to end and my boyfriend actually fell asleep. If we didn't get a really great deal on the tickets I would be very unhappy. I think there are some many better shows out there.
The hours are horrible, Monday thru Friday not open til 1pm... Hire more ppl so your business can make some $. I travel almost 40 mins away to have this place n they keep changing hours of opening.... Its freakn annoying
Great service. The first reliable and honest mechanic I have encountered to date. Remember a mechanic u can trust is worth his weight in gold. Calfo's is one
They canceled a hentai showing event. No me gusta!! Don't allow that to happen again.
Good stuff. Ghetto drive thru but that's only cosmetic. They have very creative latte specials.
Went with five people for dinner, and have gone several times before for drinks and a light meal. Meat pie was great; good local fare.  Good place to get a pitcher of hard cider, sit outside, and people-watch. Atmosphere - bistro - very charming. Service quick and cheerful.
Their ribeye steak was way yummier than Bouchon upstairs! I'll be back.
Normally great Gyros. It might have been the fact we ate there early in the day. Gluten free only is with no Pita. Fries are breaded.
My almost three year old son went ballistic when we arrived here he was so excited to shop hockey equipment. Ari was a delightful help picking out equipment for our son. We will be back in the near future to buy more.
Wonderful little family owned restaurant. I had the Basil Fried Rice and it was very flavorful and delicious. They have an awesome menu featuring Japanese, Thai and Chinese cuisine. Awesome variety and I imagine everything tastes as good as it smells in their restaurant.
What a cool store. It's so trendy and chic that it's almost intimidating! The sales people are chatty and polite, allowing customers to simply 'hang out' on the displayed furniture.
I got the KF coconut milk tea with boba and it was so delicious! The price was great and the environment was super friendly. I am so happy we decided to give this place a try, and I can't wait till we are in Vegas again. Definitely will be coming back and trying other drinks!
We've had both dinner and lunch here and the food has always been very good. The atmosphere is very nice - fireplace, outdoor dining, Mexican tile.  We've also had excellent waitresses every single time we've been there!  We're looking forward to their farmer's market that should start in October!
My favorite pizza place in n phx.  Great atmosphere and the food is spectacular!   You won't be disappointed.
Delicious...thoroughly enjoyed my nutella and banana crepe.  The presentation was beautiful, the service was quick and friendly and the atmosphere is simple, but nice.  Definitely check this place out!
Fun place to eat. Great bar. Best vodka martinis in west valley.
Great location & hours, for those of us in Uptown early, or even a mid-day snack. Service is good and the options are awesome! I love the Strawberry-Banana Smoothie! A definite alternative to some of the other morning, snack options.
This place is really cool, but I have been to some better spots in my time. I really like the food selection on the happy hour menu. Teppenaiki here is really fun. If you decided to stop into this place for teppenaki ask for Charlie to be your chef. He is funny.
I stayed here one night when I first came to vegas in November. I was looking for something off the strip but still nice, and I scored! Very nice rooms, a great view, and a friendly staff made my stay at the M Resort a great place to relax!
Barron's is our favorite pizza place in Anthem. The toppings are good, the service and selection are good, and the pizza isn't as salty as many pizza places.
I love the food here. Love the vibe.
Recently visited this place again. Still a great vibe, very laid back place to dance. They mix everything and i mean everything. Right down to your too short / ice cube
I had a great meal with friends had drinks they had all we wanted! The staff was great not rude like the kings kitchen the food was great! thank you so very much! I shall keep coming back! Come here leave the kings kitchen food is great looks great staff out of this world!
These folks are very helpful and quick!
I ordered a vegetarian sandwich. It was very disappointing as was the service. The sandwich had a few small pieces of veges. It was like eating a slices of bread with a hint of veges. Overpriced food! Nice location and clean restaurant.
Food was decent, but way overpriced. Service was ok, but would have expected more. Unless we caught a groupon or received a large GC, we wouldn't go back.
We all ordered gelato here last week and the stuff was excellent!  The only reason I did not rate this place a 5 is due to the astronomical pricing of the gelato.......come on ILLY......30 bucks for 4 single scoop gelatos:-(
The bruschetta is amazing. Get the portobello and artichoke! The caprese salad and the pesto chicken pizza were so authentic! It was like I was back in Europe!
Went in here to kill time and get a late afternoon snack.  I chose the caprese.  Tasty especially with the sun dried tomatoes!! In particular I enjoyed there bread with the pesto/olive sauce.  We went through two bowls...whoa!!
I love how down to earth they are!! The monkey mocha is to die for! Perfect combination of chocolate, peanut butter, bananas and coffee!!
Lots of empty tables ... 25-30 minute wait for brunch for two ... Must not be cool enough for this place.  Joyride ...  operated by the same company ... next door rocks.  Can't figure that out.
Still our favorite neighborhood treat.Mike is a great host and the food is consitently great,the beer chilled to perfection and the staff as attentive as you need them to be. great for lunch,brunch, dinner or happy hour.
had a coconut and mocha blended really good nice outdoor seating area its next to a car wash they had several other types of drinks it seems like a nice little place to pass some time
Olive and Ivy serves up refreshing salads and sandwiches, perfect for a lunchtime meal.  Portions are big, and you will leave satisfied and very full.  Service here is cheerful and attentive.  I would definitely like to go again to try their weekend brunch!
I think this place has very good food! I'm kinda glad that they have recently decided to work on customer service because I have been here in the past--and they were horrible. Freshly made tortilla, and really authentic salsa who could ask for more.
The most expensive coffee and patisserie in Vegas! However the coffee is exquisite, the paninis  are tasty  and pastries are very delightful and chocolates Devine!
Terrible, this place sucks. I have eaten here often , due to being in close proximity to work, the employees seem to mosey around at their own convenience, take their sweet time taking your order, making the food., refilling your drink. They could learn a thing or two from Chic-fil-A
Potential bad news.....the phone number is \"temporarily disconnected\", and the web-site doesn't work.  Uh-oh.......
The French baguette that they serve at the beginning was awesome. The onion soup is delicious and not really like your typical French onion soup. The French fries are also very good.
Okay this review is about the pizza first of all $25 is to much for a Nasty ass pizza cover in  sun dried tomatoes OMG the worst pizza ever
Great food, great service, great margaritas. Sorry that's all I have time for. You'll have to trust me.
Really like this branch. Very friendly and professional staff.
Meat dept is deplorable . They sold frozen meat, actually with frost on it. I do not have any confidence that the meat is fresh despite what date they had on the label. I believe the State Food inspectors should review this Fry's location!!!
Breakfast was awesome. Service was a little slow, but the place was packed. We didn't have to wait long for a table on a late Sunday morning. \n\nOverall I was really impressed by the restaurant. Decor was funky and the menu was unique.
One of my favorite places to shop!
Authentic and tasty food, very friendly owners and staff. Great find!
PORTIONS ARE HUGE...you have to try the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles!
If I could give a negative 5 this would be it they could not make fries could not make sundaes got the total wrong gave the wrong change shorting me $5.00 could not provide a receipt DO NOT come here
This place is Amazing!!! The food id Delicious and the atmosphere is just fun! They have Salsa Nights on Saturdays and the music is great! Definitely top 5!!!!
Excellent Bloody Mary with extra spice to kick it up. Had the breakfast burro which was excellent as well.
The best veal parmigian in Vegas!!! Trout is to die for!!! Bananas foster a must!!!\nWait staff is always so attentive...our favorite is John.  Almost a weekly spot for us!
Short and sweet: Beautifully presented latte, but weak. Lukewarm latte, when I requested hot. Music was terrible. At some point the couple next to me started to rave dance to the music. I almost wanted to join in if I wasn't so busy yell-versing. I like the variety of clientele though.
Another trendy, over priced steak restaurant.  Have to admit though, My steak was pretty amazing.  Side dishes were average.  Drinks were WAY overpiced. Just be prepared when going you're paying for the ambience.
Asian fast food and lots of it. It was intresting, just not something I want or crave. The kids love it, its fast and convenient. No frills, nothing memorable,  it is what it is.
Good happy hour, but not if you arrive after 430!
Not so much for grocery shopping- they have limited options.\nBut they have some great stuff for sale. \nNot a bad choice at all for your daily clothes, and other appliances.
I could complain about how over priced this place is but at the end of the day I keep coming back...\nI can not say that I have a favorite but the rocky road Apple is pretty good.
Everything tastes the same....no matter what you order.  You should just order fried surprise since it doesn't matter what you order anyway
Chipotle is always a favorite in my family. Good healthy fast food works when you're on the road and didn't pack a lunch. This place has recently added brown rice which ups the health meter!
Tried this place twice. Hot dogs = good. Little pricy but gourmet hot dogs so I guess thats okay.\nChips = both times tasted like burnt potatoes. Service is great.
Good but way too greasy for my liking
What a tourist find for Sat morning breakfast! Fried chicken was deelish and had it's own unique taste. Their chciken legs were huge! And the biscuits and gravy were awesome. What a down home combo!!
Always under staffed. The food is all pre-packed and not very good food (even for an airport). But, they have beer and sports. Sometimes you are just desperate enough...
Good:\n- Price\n- Rooms\n- Location\n- Facade\n\nBad:\n- Lack of many newer slots\n- Can get crowded because of Cirque\n- No hairdryer in room
I say, \"Thai Chicken Salad,\" and \"would go back if nearby.\"\n\nI thought the sign warning that anyone doing commercial photography would be charged with trespassing was strange. There must be a story here.
Terrible return policy, can't find staff for assistance. Not what Target used to be like 5 years ago... Big let down, I'd rather do business elsewhere from now on.
I've been to several ZIPP locations.  ZIPPS has great food.   This restaurant is lacking consistency. Soggy fries and onion rings. A kids hamburger that looked like it was chunks of left over meat.  3 stars because I know what they can do, just hope they overcome the problems they have had at this location.
get some!!
The WORST dim sum I've ever tasted! I'm usually not a picky eater but the food was so bad, I left with an empty stomach since I couldn't bring myself to eat anymore crap.
Requesting the termination of two 'news reporters' for their sexist disrespect for the female Pilot that bombed ISIS. Disgraceful. Your news cast is a joke. You, FOX news are not reliable nor credible .....signing off forever!!!
Terrible customer service. I asked for extra sauce on my burrito and got none. I also ordered cheese fries. When I told her I wanted more cheese she took it and basically made cheese soup of my fries. I'll never be back !
I LOVED kinaree when it first opened ordered it 2x a week, awesome fresh food great veg menu, but  now every time i order the quality slowly deteriorates, sauces are getting oily and today I found a huge string of plastic in the egg rolls. Will be looking for another place
I just have to say ive never been more happy at a gym. They owners are amazing and they have a great boys team and they make sure the staff knows what they are doing. The gym is big and open and its just a perfect place to put your kid from kindergym to team.
I love this place but one of the securities took my visa saying that was fake. ummm before having someone checking ids fucking make sure they know all the kind of visas, greencards and ids that are in this world.
Had the Sushi which was good and a wedge salad which was great.\nNo doubt the steaks are top notch but I just wasn't in the mood
Awesome flavor! Friendly staff thanks for making my daughters bday at school special
Yuck\nIn a word \"Yuck\" . All items taste like they were cooked in old oil. Never again. We will be going back to Asian Grill.
Coffee options are among the best in the area but good luck finding a table. Not the best place to go for a read and/or write: always crowded and long lines. Friendly staff and decent parking options.
Dim sum off the strip for cheap. Give them a try.  They've been here for a while and everyone and their mom comes here to chow down.  Delicious but slow service... be prepared to wait to get seated.
Did eyebrows with Meena. She was nice, but went way to thin.
Ordered a few items. Everything was extremely greasy or sickly sweet. We felt so sick after a few minutes that we tossed out the left overs which we never do with Chinese.
Food was very good, waiter (Chris) provided excellent service.  They did sit us on temporary chairs (by the kitchen too) though.\n\nNot much use even posting this because they are closing soon.
Such a cute and cozy little place! I love to find local places like this. It is definitely a charm. Great selection of pastries and sweet treats. I had an oatmeal cookie, and it was probably the best I've ever had!
Great food, atmosphere. The Calamari and Caprese were delicious! The service was fantastic!  The best part of the evening was the company and the staff was gracious about letting us enjoy our time together.  Memorable evening with fantastic friends and great food. Manga!
Wow!!!!! We went on 2/14/14. Perfect was to spend that night! They sounded incredible! We sat in section 6, row AA... Highly recommend!!!!! Great view and you get to shake their hands, several times! Wish it was a longer show, but well worth it!
Cool record store, tons of other rock items. Got some great steals for $2 each. Will go back for sure! Sign up for the email list and get a discount.
We had a fun time however I ordered tacos and they never came and our server even told me that they were on there way twice but they never came \n\nThey ran out of coors light miller light and dos and then still charged for premium buckets they just never seemed interested in making our experience worth it
Really good bar food, good variety, lots of pasta dishes and nice pizza pie \n\nFriendly crew\n\nseparate smoke free dining \n\nended up dining here because Southpoint was mobbed for dinner and we been back several times since
The food is good. Your best meal will be breakfast. Be prepared to spend a few extra dollars.
Review wrong restaurant.  This one is located in Walmart.
The ladies up front, particularly Sam, are wonderful. Friendly and helpful. The service technicians are knowledgeable and the entire experience is pleasant which is saying a lot knowing you are walking in the door having to spend mulah. Thank you My Auto.
You would think they would know how to pour a Guinness correctly . . . . after I got over this I enjoyed myself.
We got the take out pad see ew tonight. It was not great. The typical pas see ew we've had has a sweet, brown, thick soy sauce. This was a very loose and spicy clear sauce.
An hour and a half wait to be seated for mediocre food.  I don't think so.  Not happening in this lifetime.
Not impressed at all. Average Sandwich ok soups, what's the difference between this and subway? The bread that's it.
When I goto Vegas, I have to stop by the pub and have my lobster rolls. With all the fine eateries in Vegas, this is one of my favs. Great food and atmosphere.
Well we tried to come back..Went back this am for brunch. 8:15AM. NOT OPEN!!!  So disappointed! Signs posted say open
Love the chile relleno, get it with the ranchero sauce on the side so you can enjoy the crispy relleno and still get the tasty ranchero sauce.  The nachos serving was so huge, my kids shared it and still brought some home.  Super friendly service.
Consistent and inexpensive Neds is a great place to go for lunch. The lunch special runs from 10-4 so there is plenty of time to pick up a cheap sub.
Had the brisket, pulled chicken, beans, and potato salad. Fantastic. Would recommend.
So today was my wife and I's first time for the brunch and man was it good.  Our server Van was terrific, she was very helpful in assisting us learn how it worked. Plus what made the experience even better, Princess Ashley was the one that trained her.  :)
OK sushi, but the ambience is very cool and posh. Saw Steve Aoki here on a date right after his set at Wet. He had the yellowtail.
Food was pretty awful. Cheese on the salad was processed slices, vegetables were dried out and browning. Completely unpleasant, although the staff were friendly and helpful.
a great addition to the Valley!   serving locally roasted coffee including Roastery of Cave Creek - \"Roc2\"  to go with their delicious pastries !
Great place to get your E liquid, the Cigar Cherry is great. They have great service and looks clean!!!
I wish this was closer to home! Small artistic coffee shop with an awesome Toddy.  I also ordered a breakfast wrap and was happy with the fresh ingredients. I plan to make the trip as often as I can.
Great service.  Car is always clean inside and out. And they are fast.
overrated, over priced, service was 2 stars but better than anything else here. I dont think I will be going back.
It's a gay club. Nothing special.
I so wish we had these out East. Every time I visit the West coast I make it a point to stop at In-N-Out, multiple times. This location seems to be just as awesome as the rest. Can't wait until our next vacation!
Went in and did waxing, pedi and my beautiful nails by Katie. Everyone is awesome had the most relaxing time! Katie is Always wonderful and so creative!
Best French bisto in the U.S., second to only Le Comptoir in Paris in my opinion! There's really no weak points on the menu. I loved the dinner from start to finish. You really do get the sense that you just might have woken up in Paris here!
This place really is as good as it gets.  The food is spectacular, the fried rice is amazing and we always get the filet and it truly is melt in your mouth.  Great fun and close to home.  The east valley is lucky to have Osaka here!!  Go check it out
A fun palce inside the Mandalay for beers and happy hour.  They have really tasty happy hour food (tacos, chips and guac, etc.) so be sure to check them out.  Also they feature a Yelp Check-In offer after the 3rd check in.
The food is pretty bland, although there is a decent variety.  I'm not sure how they could make food that is worse than Golden Corral or even Ponderosa.  Please do yourself a favor, travel a littler further, and spend a little more money to go to a better buffet.
Great pizza and good service.
Sabas Mediterranean is a great little restaurant for date night or family night. The staff is always friendly and can answer any question you might have. \n\nThey also have a great $5 gyro happy hour! Which is an awesome deal because the gyros are very tasteful.  I also really like the falafel.
Just went for the first time over the weekend and I can't wait to go back. A friend and I went and got the Pad Thai and the Spicy Thai Rice and both were amazing. The prices are great and the service is great also.
We order A large peperoni there are 3 ready to go. They make us wait 25 minutes for one I don't understand this place will not put the costumer first. It's a workforce full of basic ass bitches
Great stuff but too expensive just like all the other healthcare options in this country.
Great garden center with friendly people to help...as a matter of fact all the people that work there are extremely helpful and friendly. Just your huge hardware store that works well when you need it...
Best way to watch a movie! Food and drinks were fairly priced and so yummy. Seats were super comfortable. I will defiantly be going back again and again.
Great food, great atmosphere, and awesome top 40 live band!!! A must for those who crave Filipino food!
Look, I understand.\nMay have looked good on paper.\nPales to real New York.
Love the updated menu. I've had 3 of the sandwiches over the past 3 weeks. Every one of them was good. Most recently there with colleagues from out of town. Great service and food. All my friends thought the whole package was great.
Such a great selection and prices. Customer service is wonderful ...
My roommates go crazy over this pizza.  Maybe because they always eat it when they're hungover. I don't get it. No fresh ingredients. Nothing I hate more than canned vegetables on my pizza. BYE.
I've had Caribbean food before, but not done this well. I had the goat (I know, right) very spicy, very tender, was great. Their rum mixes were also the best we ever had. I had the rum punch, which was fantastic.
Painfully slow experience at the drive thru. Basically just serving one car at a time. \nNeeds to step up coordination and order taking skills.
Food is inconsistent at this location.
Great tacos!!!
Minimal bagel selection on a Sunday morning was disappointing.
This was a last minute choice with local friends. Very good food but we each ordered an entr\u00e9e. We should have shared.
We eat at Toms pretty often.  The bbq is awesome, but so is everything else!  Don't sell yourself short just getting bbq.  Get the fish, get the Italian beef, try their burgers and don't miss Toms pride and joy!  Fair prices, excellent food and friendly service!
Nice friendly welcome, maybe too many choices on the menu!\nChoices for gluten/ wheat free diners. \nNice early evening dinner
Gene Roddenberry is rolling over in his grave.\n\nThe morons at Hilton \"could not come to terms with Cedar Fair\". So Quark's, and the entire Star Trek Experience, closed in 2008.\n\nI wonder how much Trekkie money the Hilton has lost?
No jacket required. At least during the summer months. Found many people in shorts and t-shirts. I guess they relaxed the attire code. Good food and service.
Not that great of a job and took forever!
Atmosphere is very upscale light fun. Sushi was excellent. Tempura was undercooked. Dirty martinis are excellent.
These are the best bagels I've ever had! I had the sausage, egg, and cheese breakfast bagel on a sesame bagel. The eggs were made fresh, which is always a plus! The prices are really cheap too. $5 for a bagel and a drink.
It's a great place to go on the weekend. My favorite part is the diner the food is great, prices are perfect,  and service is amazing.  My favorite server is Kristy.
we drove over specifically to go to Liberty. It was close to 2pm. So the lunch rush was gone, but the floors were so filthy and there was so much trash under the outside tables, that we ate across the street. The dirt was a huge turn off...
Ready for another great meal! Really love the Portuguese Sizzling Shrimp! Always check to see what the chef special is for the day.
Extremely loud inside the bar. The bartenders are ignorant to drinks other than what's on tap or the old standby well drinks. They are rude and lifeless.
Good deserts, huge menu (people liked the food too, but I didn't have any). Lots of kitsch on the ceiling, very interesting and unique. Plus a carousel!
Went for Brunch, the food was very good unfortunately the service let them down... I felt like we were a burden to them, our server was rude & got the order wrong, they were not busy but yet seemed to want us out ASAP
They charged me the drink I sent back, not cool
Pho isn't alwasy Pho.  You can end up with some terrible broths.  This place is always consistant and super busy.  I like that sometimes I have to wait in line.  It reminds me that I'm not the only one who likes this place for lunch
This place has been named a million different things.  This place is eehhhh on a really liberal scale.  Not much room to sit and drinks are mediocre at best.  The crowd is older and definitely the \"Ed Hardy\" type.  Dance music and not much entertainment, so be in a good mood and provide your own good time.
Absolutely something you cannot miss in Champaign-Urbana.
I have only been here for Happy Hour and they do a good job. Lots of drink specials and food specials. Worth it to try it out.
Very nice place.people are all very polite and helpful. Nice pool and fitness area. Laundry room is very nice and reasonably priced as well. The evening social hours are an added bonus!spotlessly clean and always someone cleaning somewhere,nice to see!wonderful place will definitely try to return,Love Marriott properties!!
I sent this review in and all Dairy Queen said was thank you for your feedback.  Nothing more.  No follow up.  Gross.
If you like CSI you will like this place. It does hand hold you a little more than I would have liked but still it is an interesting and unique experience.
Fast cut and only $13\n\nIs it was it is.  I'm pretty bald these days, so I don't really care too much.  They write down the way you got it cut before, so if you don't like make sure they know.  Its a chain, so they can be found where ever/whenever.
The White Chocolate Frozen Hot Chocolate is delish!!!  And I don't even like desert-y type drinks.  The regular and Oreo Cookie frozen hot choclates were pretty good too!  A great way to cool off on a very hot day exploring the strip.
Called this morning and was told they had what I wanted. I drove 45 minutes and opps \"no, we don't have that.\"
Damn it! Damn it! Damn it! Why is this place so far away from home? I am Vietnamese and must say that this is probably the best Vietnamese place in town.
Only one barista here. Takes FOR EVERYTHING to get your coffee. I do have to say that the barista was very nice and did her best. But ONE employee for this Starbucks??? Really?!
The food is amazziinngggg! kind of pricey but not too bad for french food
Unfriendly staff and they don't even have toothpaste, toothbrushes or shower gel when we requested for these! Had to run out to get these basic essentials middle of the night. Will never stay here again.
Terrible assistant manager, failed to bring included item with meals and he was rude beyond belief!
Came to have some buffet this afternoon and it's empty with a sign posted that This place is now closed permanently  :(
Love this show. The best show in Vegas. If you love Michael Jackson this is the show for you.
Thank you Paper & Home!  My daughter's 2nd birthday invitations and coordinating thank you notes are gorgeous!  Thank you for listening to my ideas and making a custom design even better than I imagined.  And the custom labels were such a nice added touch!  I've received so many compliments from friends and family on the card.  Thank you!
Great store went in once and I have become a regular customer.
A Charlotte cop aimed me toward Matties. I craved a late breakfast and Matties easily fulfilled my requirements. Those are:  the food be tasty, hot, brown, and lots of it. I'll certainly return, despite the slowish service.
I eat here all the time because the first day i visited i had my money's worth and the services was awesome.the food is great,you can't go wrong.
I think this is the 4th or 5th different Ajo's I have been too. Anyway, this location is great. The Mexican pizza is just stupid good. Chips and salsa are delicious. I am not a fan of chain restaurants but Ajos has seemed to do a good job of controlling quality and they have never let us down.
Omg meatloaf and mash potatoes.  They weren't hot, sent back, and the returned plate the plate was hotter than the food.  Truly disappointed.
We went because of Diners drive ins and dives.  We did not get the food he got even though we ordered the same thing.  Ours wasn't tasty the order was smaller and even a different color. The place wasn't clean, dirty floors, sticky table edges.  Wouldn't go again.
I love this place, go there at least 3 times a week. The staff is great, the drinks are great, as well as the place in general. Highly recommend them over starbucks.
A couple notches below a waffle house, dry potatoes, dry bacon, eggs were good. Pancake pretty standard, friendly staff.
They gave me a costumers wrong order(Which was my correct order). Normally I wouldn't care but they came from outside the location.  I have no idea what could've been done to it before hand!
Atmosphere was well done,  good service but for a $20 medium pie there was no real wow factor,  good but $20 good.
overall, a great experience. We were there on Bastille day, and we really appreciated\nthe service, the bistro menu. The desserts are just amazing. I would have expected more choice on the menu though.
I'd say a fair MEH. Came for lunch buffet. Not sure worth it.\n\nsome hit or miss items. Descend the escalator in PH
Nice spot to grab a beer or three. Beer sampler was the way to go, every beer on tap and  3-4 oz each. Food was not a bright spot and staff at the pub side was a bit overwhelmed and unfocused.
Service is rude, hassle to serve you, no thank you for order just a rude look when you pay. Food isnt good. Poor service, bathroom dirty. Food was cold and waiiter said they couldnt help. I wont come back again. China Gourmet is better on Nellis.
Been here a few times and the food is always good. I LOVE their salad and breas. Could eat that alone.
Expensive and unworthy. Employers are unfriendly and disrespectful so no tips for them!!\nThe owner gave me the cold shoulder treat me like shit when I complaint about their service.
A buffet of average. Everything is okay, nothing is bad, but for bellagio you'd expect a little more. It's not expensive relative to other buffets but it's not cheap either. They seem to have conceded to being average, and they shouldn't have.
Favorite sushi in Vegas. The Firecracker is superb. Come in for the late happy hour and get a pitcher of Sapporo with your sushi. Makes for a perfect meal.  I find the sushi here slightly better than the Town Square location.
Overpriced, service is bad starting with the snotty hostesses at the front. Food was decent but overpriced even by Vegas standards.
The problem is that the atmosphere is subpar, and the drinks are literally half full. Don't believe me order a 50/50 vesper, it's 50% full. I will not return.
Best Pizza, Best Philly Cheese Steak!!!!! This place is just the bomb!!!!!!!!
It's the second Zipps that I've been to and it's pretty comparable to the other one. This one was a little smaller, but the beer selection was decent and the burgers were still okay (nothing to rave about).
Favorite salad bar in the universe. Date night with the biological leaves me feeling satisfied every time
Couldn't do zero stars folks. Went on Christmas Day got charged $100 for 4 beers. Please Save yourself the trouble.
Never been to a real pub that didn't have budweiser.  Suck it Ramsey.
I stayed here the past month and did not like it at all. The hotel and lobby was full of smoke and it seemed like all the other hotels had a better way of getting rid of all the smoke. Nothing really exciting to see and no luck winning at the tables.
Recently started ordering take out from china inn, and so far my husband and i have been pleasantly surprised. Delivery time is prompt and food is good for take out. Shrimp egg rolls are delicious, have also tried the sesame chicken and house combination chow mein both really good.  Best chinese take out in our neighborhood.
Typical Cap's right next to my place so it's convenient.  The staff are actually nice...shocking I know!
Chicken tasted like it had set out overnight - stale, no flavor, barely warm. Also, no biscuits at 9:30 am and was rudely told that biscuits were only for lunch - despite \"breakfast biscuits\" being clearly advertised on the menu.
The worst.  Rude servers and hostess' plus the service takes forever to get anything.  The place is run down and smells of food that has been sitting for a while or even gone bad.  I'd rather travel to the next location than eat here again.  It's worth the drive to go to another location.
Belle terrasse dans le Vieux Montr\u00e9al. La bouffe est ordinaire comme dans toutes les Cages aux Sports. Les amateurs de fritures, gros hamburger et gros steak vont aimer.
This place was great once upon a time. Don't even waste your time. The building is old and the bathrooms are disgusting and falling apart. The service is very bad. The food is better than most mediocre Mexican restaurants but not worth the hassle. Food finally arrived after 52 min wait.  Get it together Los Olivos!
Was there for 35min and not 1 person asked me if i wanted anything to eat or drink. there was 1 person in dine room eating and not busy at all..2 people at the bar...worst service in Vegas...it was 9am and not busy at all..no excuse for that..
Come on.... Big deal there's a line up regardless what time you go! It's some of the best freaking poutine ever. ESPECIALLY at 4am!! AND they gave me hotdogs AND bacon in my poutine.. I almost proposed to my poutine.
minus 1 star for not trying harder when located inconveniently.  aged slots(none of my favorites).  lack of vibe.  used my free-play ,  ate at hash house, felt uninspired to gamble further & departed .  have not seen the hotel rooms.   south point's off the beaten trail & is near perfect
Food is ok, great selection of beer and lots and lots of tv's to watch.... Wait for it... SPORTS!!! Staff is friendly and hopeful.
Okay so the atmosphere is a bit over the top, however, the food was very good.   Really enjoyed the steak and the fried rice.   I recommend you ask your waiter regarding what to order.   He did an excellent job with such.   P.S.  Desert, not so good.
When you're trying to feed a teenage boy there are times when you've got to go buffet. And,  as buffets go,  this one is pretty good. Great selection of small plates with something for everyone. Service was quite good. Don't miss the raspberry macaroons on the dessert bar.
Stopped by today for a quick grab of Boba tea for the first time, but will not be coming back.  I had the toughest time ordering my drink because she did not speak much English, after about 5 minutes of trying to order a simple tea drink with boba, I left.  No one  bothered to step in to help her out.
Troy the Store Manager and front store staff are fantastic. Store is clean and well organized. Didn't use the pharmacy while I was there so can't say it has improved.
Maybe I'm a Mexican-food snob, but this was basically overpriced-Del Taco fare.\nThe food was nothing to write home about. It was served on Styrofoam plates and the customer service was lacking.
Prices are OK, service is not up to par. I think this is why it was empty during lunch in a very crowded location.
We totally enjoyed the experience.  We were happy to find the road was paved after reading the earlier reviews.   It was beautiful! !  We were there in September and the weather was perfect 78 degrees.
Great location! Very professional and friendly staff.
2stars for the wait, 3stars for food, 4stars for the price. It was like 25$ to go for brunch and the food was ok. Nothing too impressive for for $25 I was happy. I would rather pay double and get food quality that's twice as good so hopefully I'll do that next time somewhere else.
This review is for Megan- the hair wizard. Having blonde hair that constantly needs maintenance, I am super picky about who I let work on it. After finding Megan, I will NEVER go to anyone else. If you are a blonde, she's your girl. You won't be disappointed!!
Amazing! I was really impressed with my whole experience! Their staff is friendly, I really loved their pizza, and everything is priced just right! I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a tasty and fun pizza experience!
Awesome pizza and service.\n\nThe crust is my favorite but the toppings are impressive as well.\n\nTry the white pizza or the calazone (light ricotta), you'll thank me later.
Can you say BEER BATTERED BACON??!!!  Fried cod is to die for and Kobe burger is awesome!
This was the most unsanitary place I have ever been to! I left there feeling gross and unclean. Number one rule of salons, sanitation! On top of that they have a huge fish in a tank barely bigger than it. Can u say animal cruelty!!!
Average airport. \n\nI wish gate Marques listed which zone was boarding. There were three airplanes loading at the same time and it was near impossible to tell which gate was loading which zone. We just waited a few minutes and rolled the dice that our zone was loading.
A delicious gift was presented to me from this store -- soo tasty!! Had the marble cake -- wow!! Incredibly soft with that sweet cream cheese icing -- yummy!  Anytime you out looking for a great dessert or even a tasty treat -- go try that marble cake delight!
I find their instructor's voices, speech cadence and pseudo-spiritual narrative to be awfully annoying. I would rather they just allow some silence in the class. But, it is a good workout, not too expensive...and I suppose it's good practice to learn to learn to tune it out.
I was surprised to find out that this store still in business.\nShop there on your own risk.
Shame because terrible customer service doesn't make up for the really good food...at least for me.
This one's a dilemma. The food is incredible, but the service and atmosphere lack incredibly; it feels like fine dining meets Dennys. Too noisy and packed for me.\n\nDefinitely worth a trip, but don't dress up.
I'm sad Lunardi's left, but I'm glad that Casa Rasta has a new spot. The pork burrito I had here recently was huge and delicious as was the guacamole, the salsa, and and the yucca chips (sort of like potato chips). Their food is pretty reasonable too.
I nearly got lock jaw from trying to chew the calamari. The mac and cheese was pretty tasteless. Most of the food left much to be desired, however the chicken wings were great. Not sure they were worth the cost of the buffet though. Better to stick with Hash House if you want to indulge.
The Caribe Cafe is in the Mirage Hotel/Casino in Las Vegas, and is your standard coffee shop, no more no less.  Standard fare, reasonably good service.\n\nI sat at the counter as a single recently, but I wouldn't advise it.  There is less service there, and they kind of forget about you.
Horrible customer service !!! \nDon't tell guests that they can check in early to make them wait until 4pm to get the room!! So stupid !!
Avoid this McDonald at all cost they have the worse staff and the food is disgusting sloppy and will make you sick. I hate this place it's too bad I like mcdonalds food
Will never go back to this restaurant again; the service was terrible, server did not even get back to see if the food was done right, tried to get their attention.  Steak was over done and steamed fish was under cooked.\n\nI will not recommend \"Second Street Grill\" to anyone.
This place is okay!  Had the skirt steak and was happy!  Best part is people watching while eating dinner on the patio.
Best burger I've ever had (sweet and spicy burger). Awesome neighborhood place. Enough said.
Good burger, but man it is greasy!  I guess thats what makes it good though, right?\n\nMilkshake was pretty good too.  \n\nNot my first choice for a burger joint, but I would eat here again.
Worst airlines in the world. If I could give them negative million stars thats what they would get. DONT FLY THIS AIRLINES
John has always been trustworthy, diligent, and someone that people truly look up to in his business and even personal life. He offers services that no other realtor offers and goes above and beyond what is expected. I always have full confidence referring him to friends and family!
I am such a Pumaholic. I have been for years now. I love the look and the feel of their shoes. This particular Puma location has a fairly decent selection and the associates are very helpful. I will return.
Stumbled upon Coronado Cafe, really enjoyed our food and the time spent.  It is a solid place that is in our regular rotation as we stay close by when in PHX.  \n\nMike
About 25$ for 2 people to eat at a fast food burger place is a little much. My burger was good but the fries sucked. I won't be coming back.
Very nice people. So many good Chinese places in town.This place is just not one of them.
To me the good is good but they are over price then other buffets and they don't carry a lot of sea food
Meh.  Seems like they're trying to do too much.  Nothing really jumped out as amazing.  Won't be back.
Was not easy to find this place , a cleaning lady at the restroom took us there, the deco was really cool but the pizza is so average and $6 a piece was crazy
Burger was OK. Ordered it medium. Was told that meant if would be very pink. Ended up getting a well done burger with no pink whatsoever. Ate it anyway because I was starving. Fries were over salty to insane levels. But the service was exceptional.
Lunch is pretty cheap.\nBoogers on the men's room walls.\nOrder the French dip.
One of the best shakes I have ever had. The burgers were thin overdone and dry this was a far cry from the one I was at in victorville. Not worth returning to this location
Nice little place, right on the royal mile.  Ate a very decent Traditional Scottish Breakfast, my friend had chicken breast stuffed with bacon and haggis.  Both good.  I would return quite happily.
Great place to come unwind. Enjoy a great wine you've never tried. Met Dave and Dianne and Kyle. You'll get great service. Meet friends you haven't met yet.
The preparation was fast and the price was very reasonable but it doesn't make up for the fact that everything had a bad, weird taste and the food inevitably made us very sick afterwards. We ordered for pick up and they forgot our drinks and plastic ware. I will definitely never order from here again. Absolutely disgusting.
Delightful commercial coffee shop.  Close to McGill, pleasantly staffed, good solid cup of coffee or mixed espresso drink.  This second cup is my Go-To place before hitting the campus to visit friends.
For the price, I think there should be better care taken of the food. I got horrible food poisoning after eating there. Never again will I eat here. I am convinced seafood restaurants not buffets are the places to eat seafood.
I'm sorry but this place is gross! The food has no flavor & the meat was tough....don't waste ur $$....go next door to Li's Bowl instead lol
Can never go wrong with the hummus and chicken or ahi tuna app....also love the wood fired salmon salad.  Waterside porch is an added bonus!
I was visiting Pittsburgh and looking for a throat spray called Singers Saving Grace. Whole Foods didn't have the item in stock but East End Co-Op did! Also, had a smoothie while a shopped. \n\nWhat a great find!
This place is a great addition to the Rivergate Community! Love it! They even have craft beer! Love the country music too.....
They're too busy gossiping with one another to help customers.  I live right across the street but I'm going to drive out of my way to go to the next location on Boulder Highway.  Wish me luck.
Place has gone downhill. Had a salad tonight served with frozen soggy lettuce. Beef brisket was over done, fatty and tough. Mac and cheese was sitting a while before being served both that and the beans had that crusty top to it. \nStopped getting takeout months ago because even that got really bad.
This is only good to go to if you have kids.  Food is overpriced and they sure like to add too much pepper and believe its called flavor.  Only good thing is the atmosphere.
Best Mexican food in town! Everything is delicious! Make sure you buy a dozen tortillas to take home.
Interesting.  Some fairly vanilla rooms, which are reasonable, but one or two very old, wood-panelled rooms with gorgeous decorative plastered ceilings.  Presumably a over a hundred years old..  These come with fairly ageing fittings, but worth it nonetheless.
Went there back in feb. with a party of  8 had two waitress one grumpy one happy. Food had seem to change from previous visit and not for the better. Won't be going back might try Tempe location.
This place has a bad rap for no reason. Excellent service. Food came in timely manner. Owner is a kick ass guy and waited on us himself.  Don't listen to older reviews.  Whatever the problem was at this place before we didn't see an ounce of it on a saturday morning.  2 thumbs up.
As a vietnamese food lover, the pho soup of this place seems a little bit modified to me. Not a huge fan. But Their Bun is very tasty. Love it!
The inside is very well done and the staff was nice. The biggest problem was the place was understaffed. The one waiter and bartender were doing all they could to keep up but that is problem management needs to fix. The food was alright, but nothing special.
Service was awesome , although I got the steak salAd and really didn't enjoy it . Perhaps I didn't read the menu clearly . The rest of my family got steaks and said they were to die for !! Along with the house salads and burger . Bit pricey but nice atmosphere
I recently have been frequenting this bar to watch sports and play trivia.  It is a nice neighborhood sports bar. I like it much better than the chains around town. Burgers are good. service is good. Can get a bit warm but just go into the bathrooms and cool off.
For Waterloo 4 stars. If this was in Toronto I would give it 3. Good selection of stores including an apple store. Spring rolls is here too which is always a nice option for lunch or dinner. Target here is alright..also have a Zehrs.
Pretty good donut place. \n\nThe reason it gets 4 stars is because the toasted coconut cream filled donut is really amazing....one of the best donuts ever and I have never seen it at another donut shop.
Has been going downhill for years. Used to be my favorite place. Recommend they dig out menus and decor from 10 years back. Tries to be upscale, but fails. It was better when it was fun and friendly.
I came to Charlotte for a business trip and wanted some steaks.  Looked up yelp and decided to pick this place.  Ordered the steak and had the tuna as starter.  Great service, awesome food, kind of pricey for Charlotte but definitely had a great dinner here? Will come back next time in Charlotte.
I haven't been to this place in a couple years but I remember my experience here. The sandwiches are just ok and a bit pricier than most around. Good drink selections. Never tried the Thai food here. Service wasn't bad. Clean restaurant.
Their steak burrito is straight out NASTY. Every piece of meat was lard, fat and who knows whatever else.  I wouldn't feed it to my dog.  This is the only chipotle ive ever had a bad experience with.  All of the employees,  especially the manager should be all fired for their extreme unfriendliness
Everything here was just average. Average burgers and average pasta dishes. Nothing set them apart from a standard chain restaurant. The prices were fine and the waiter we has was great but this is the kind of place I won't really seek out to go again.
I just picked up a cajun french fry with a strand of light colored hair wrapped around it with a burnt crust at the end of the strand at HOT N' JUICY CRAWFISH!! I will never go back and I suggest you don't either!!!!
This place is expensive but it is worth it.  The food is absolutely delicious.  I give it 4 stars and not 5 only because the service can be slow and the ambiance/character is a bit lacking.  However, it's still worth it for the wonderful seafood.
I went to the new location at 7th St. & Thunderbird and it is also closed.
Awesome sandwiches, but you pay the price for them.  Its expensive for sandwiches but hey, its Vegas right?  Every time we're in town, I always find myself here at least once.  Everything is good, so try them all!
Yummy... The 48 Oz porterhouse is the bomb... So is the creme brule..Ask for Jessica... She is the best I have had there so far!
Solid 2.5 star airport restaurant. Generally, ths place is dirty and the food is marginal. However, the C terminal offers very little in terms of real food.\nI was very happy with the service.....just wish they'd do a serious re-model on the 80's sportsbar motif.
OK, Starbucks is Starbucks and this location like most has its share of regulars and comfortable atmosphere.
GEH - TOE.
One of the more crowded and more popular places on Mill, but sometimes it will take 10-15 min to get a drink. Fun place to play some pool and have a few drinks. The long islands are strong and will make your knees loose after a few. Overall not too bad of a place but just short of 4 stars.
Fast reliable service every single time.  Been going there years, Highly recommend
This place used to have really good food. Now you get more than half of your plate covered in bean sprouts. I think its over priced for what you get.\n\nI've always had good service here.
I've had better Yelpers. This place wasn't bad, but I won't be back. I was looking for that taste. You know what I'm talking about.
Worst haircut of my life. I literally got up and left after halfway through my haircut. I'm currently going to another salon now to see if they can fix the damage.
Cheddar, caramelized jalape\u00f1o, crispy fried onion strips, bacon, bbq sauce.\n\nThe Barby.\n\nYou're welcome.
Meh, I've had better faster service with thee cocktail girls at other places.
This place is beautiful. It's refreshing compared to the smoky chaos of most hotels on the strip. No long lines to check in either. The rooms were beautiful with comfortable beds and pillows and the bath was huge. Very peaceful and classy. Loved it.
This rental community does not offer its residences a recycling drop facility!
This is probably the last place that anyone would want to stay in Vegas. Our other reservations fell through and we had to scramble to get this place on a holiday weekend. The carpets are filthy and stained. Was kinda scared to sleep in the bed, but we managed and got out super early the next morning.
CLOSED ON SUNDAY!!!   Coffee good     Owners very nice.
Love love love this place!! Everything in this store is awesome. They have everything from books to candles to crystals to jewelry. If they don't have what your looking for, they will be more than happy to find it for you and order it! The staff is amazing, I love them. They are so helpful!
Just another cheap buffet.
And they serve breakfast all day. No Sunday brunch crowd either.
Came here for quick bite before work, I see a lot of reviews talk about dry fish... It's not the fish that its dry, it's the cold white disk (tortilla) that they serve it on that makes it taste dry and hard to eat. I would only come back to this location for HH.
Good poke bowl. the flavor was good. You could add an egg for a dollar more if needed. But I would only do that in a different type of bowl such as the rib bowl. It's a.lot of food. They served it in a ramen bowl. Good service. They have a nice beer pong table.
I love the cookies and cupcakes here!  I have been visiting this place for a couple years now, and it just keeps getting better!\n\nDuring the summer, don't miss out on their ice cream sandwiches :)
There are few places I would refer in Vegas, and this is one of them. Their pizza is addictive and scrumptious!  Always order one size bigger than you think because you'll want more. Ask for special deals to soften the expense here but everyone knows: when it comes to pizza you get what you pay for!
The woman works around the kiosk was very rude!!!!!
Great friendly staff.  Very informative and fast!
I can't say enough great things about the staff, the location, the QUALITY of service and my girl, Alice. So, I'll let the rating speak for itself. \n\nThis is THE best place in town to get your hair done.
31 Flavors, \n5 (or so) tables, \n4 loud teenagers, \n3 other ice cream choices within,\n2 blocks.\n1 customer who probably won't be back.
By far, the BEST video company in Las Vegas!  These guys rock.  They covered my 30th birthday party and were amazing.  Great with the guests - amazing customer service and fantastic product.  I wish we had known about them when we got married!
Great food if you are looking for a great sandwich, soup and or salad . They are really fast at making the order and they give you a free delicious chocolate covered strawberry with every meal. They also have Italian sodas !!!
Good pub grub & great beer selection! Call ahead to order if you're in a hurry. Oggie is delicious.
Great place to eat and drink, happy hour after work, go watch the football games.  Jessica is the best bartender ever,  the bar is by far the best bar in chandler!!!! Great for after work functions.  I love this bar!  The service is great!
Food is a bit bland. Atmosphere is good. Our waitress was nice but she would stat talking so loud every time she would come to our table. We watched people next to us almost jump out of their seats after she scared them.   Desert was really good, I did look and taste like it was made fresh on premises.
The catfish rocked my world.
The hotel room has a lot of wonderful and cool electronics. I love the automatic curtains and touch pad that allows me to control everything. In addition I had two refrigerators in my room. I don't know if everyone's room is like that, but that was really useful. I would recommend this hotel.
Terrible sushi and imaginary hibachi
Loved it! Ordered my virgin daiquiri in a mini-blender (I'm pregnant) and was a happy girl! Bartender was very friendly and made sure that no one took my seat since I was pregnant and couldn't stand long. Will definitley go back!
An hour to get a soup and salad?? Everyone around us who has come in after us is finishing up and my food still isn't here.. Never again.. The waitress seems mad I'm asking where my food is... There are only about 5 tables including inside and out..
Great cheap mexican food. Not greasy and made fresh. California burrito and super nachos are excellent.
This place is SO close to home that it's our go-to market for forgotten ingredients. But they also have a great selection of prepared meals that taste pretty darn good. If you've never been to a Fresh and Easy before, it's worth a trip for sure.
I don't know why this place doesn't have 5 stars. I am an avid sushi eater and this place is awesome! Really great rolls, good atmosphere!
This is a place that reminds me of my childhood. I mean it's candies everywhere and you can find almost any kind of candy that you want. I also saw some thong / bra that's made of candies... I would buy it if I liked candies more haha
Delicious food. I got the carnitas and couldn't be happier. I also don't even like guacamole but couldn't resist their tableside-made guac.
This place was awesome. I have a 8 and 5 years old and Jimmy was really good. Their haircuts are perfect. Definitely worth the wait.
Worst service ever. Slow, then fave my I order to someone else. Need I say more. Well actually I guess I do. I mean how can you screw up an order for a single empenada? Which by the way are small, expensive and not really all that tasty
Fast, easy eats plus beer and booze in a funky retro gas station on the main drag in Cave Creek. We had breakfast on our way out of town. Indoor/outdoor seating by the gas pumps. Food came quick, but then it wasn't crowded. Decent fare. Can't beat the ambience.
First time here and to a hookah bar in general. I hit the hookah like Smoke Dawg and got SUPER light headed but it was gone in like 2 minutes. ;-) Had hummus for the first time there too. Pretty good. A great time was had and will DEFINITELY be back.
perfect weekday lunch spot.  the Newk's favorite salad is the best sans cheese and croutons, tossed of course!
I have been to Boba City many times since my initial review.  The milk tea is incredible, as is the food.  I've had nothing but great customer service.  \n\nAnother tip... try the egg rolls.  You won't be disappointed.
Yu-Yu is a great find. The service is excellent and the food is constantly good.
This Starbucks never has gotten anything correct, not to mention you usually have to hunt them down. There's never anyone over there and you always have to wait for them to come over.
This was a happy surprise. This restaurant blends Chinese food and Mexican food. It's really tasty. Have the eggplant flakes. They have Olvido flex on top. As the heat his the flakes the flakes dance . It's amazing.
wally world- what can i say they are open 24hrs a day and if you need torjan condoms, booze, or yeast infection cream in the wee hours this is the store to go to.
This restaurant definitely serves great food - better than Chez Cora.  However, it is very expensive.  The children's menu has huge portions, often $15-20 and the value is not as good as the adult menu.  I would still recommend this restaurant for excellent breakfast food, with good service.
Right in the thick of it.. Easy access, quick in and out to room, casino and parking.. No frills,,,,
Just had an amazing lunch! Added chicken to the Arcadia Salad. Highly recommend!!
Try to go yesterday , arrived around 9:15 pm and the closing time is at 10:00 pm and told me the kitchen was already half closed and couldn't help me . I could understand that happening at 9:45 pm but not at 9:15 ! Maybe all the reviews for bad service it is for a reason !
Best Thai I have ever had, such a bummer when they close for private parties.... Didn't get my fix last time I was in Vegas\n\nKinda hard to find this place, its behind the strip mall of the address it uses.  They close at ten so go early!
Bad food horrible service if your a women and theirs some kind of big event going on. I will NEVER be back here again. I rather go to Apple Bee's and deal with the long wait.
Great food, drinks, and great service!
Boo hiss your TV dinners are less salty than your food fresh from this restaurant. Used to love Boston Chicken but it's declined too much.
Good food & attentive fun staff. Been around for a while for good reason.
Great place to take the kids. They loved it.
The food is always good at Lucille's. The servers at this location are pretty young so they spent a lot of time conversing and not attending to their tables.  I kept having to flag down our waiter when I needed anything.  Don't expect to get a buzz or even taste the alcohol in the 22oz flavored drinks.
I really like this place every time I come here. Never a wait and good service. The portions are unreal so bring your appetite. The pizzas are great and the baked pastas are so good. Looking forward to the next time.
Very clean. Fair price for the quality food and ingredients. Simple menu. Good cheesesteaks and fries. Be aware of the cheese fries as they use real thick cheese :). It may be a little overwhelming. Overall, very good restaurant. We will return.
The food there is unclean. My stomach feels bad after eating at there and I will never go this place again!
Don't order the  steak fajitas .I've had more meat stuck between my teeth from a Big Mac than that was given to me on my plate !
Go somewhere else. Rude owners , they acted like I was a bother when I tried to order, then they didn't have what was on the menu. The interior was very boring, nothing like an inviting place to sit down and have a meal. Never going there again. Food was minimal in flavor. Big disappointment
If there was less than 1 star this place would get it!!! The worst service ever and not by one employee but multiple.... I've been here multiple times and I really want to like this place but literally they screw something up or silo we horrible service.. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
Visiting from DC and Rome, nice place but major attitude by the 18 year old hostess who barked at us the minute we walked in. The place smells like food, kitchen needs major work. The manager saved the day.
Yummy Mexican food, but the atmosphere feels like a chain. Still worth it for the chips and salsa. This one is really close to Scottsdale Fashion Square mall.
Probably the worst juices I've tried from any vapor shop. The flavors i sampled had a bitter aftertaste that I haven't experienced from other stores. Plus the sales guy seemed like he didn't want to be there.
It's not Handle Bars!! This place is more like a greasy spoon. I like the cider on tap. The waitstaff is great, often understaffed cause the snowbirds love this place even with the bikers. Give it a try if you like classic bar food.
I am filing a complaint on this location soon. They dry clean sometimes and many times they just press. Clothes smell like they do end of day. When asked and caught  red handed (while picking up clothes, some were pressed and some dry cleaned in the bunch) they came up with so many stories.
This place don't need a makeover, it needs a bulldozer.\nIt puts the whole community to shame.
Needed to make a simple purchase. It was 12:08, they were supposed to open at noon, but the doors were still locked & the gentleman behind the counter signaled 5 more minutes. Really? Not greeted when they finally opened & truly the most miserable staff I have experienced in this area. Unfortunately, I will not shop here again.
Had the pulled pork sandwich, fried okra, mac-n-cheese, and sweet potato pie. With a drink the bill came up to under $10. Great food and great prices.
Lame ass expensive place. Flavors are too sweet nd are so artificial. Place is crowded nd small nd loud inside
Today was our second visit and the breakfast is incredible. If you live here or are a tourist with a car go out of your way to have breakfast. Soon to be Best Breakfast in Phoenix. Point your GPS for Town and Country Shopping Center and enjoy. Pancakes are delicious and the coffee is tasty.
Terrible customer service. I called to make inquiries and the person I talked to was so rude that I decided not to stay here.
Great little airport. It has a nice restaurant inside with neat model airplanes hanging from the ceiling. Nice little lobby too.
Wanting a hot meal while visiting I picked out the baked 1/4 chicken,  dressing & corn with a soda. The soda wad almost the hottest item. Honestly the chicken was the coldest of the items and I would guess it to about room temp. I think I will visit an area restaurant for the rest of meals!
I stay here frequently and it is always a pleasure. The comfort of the room and property make the price laughable. Extremely economical for the luxury experienced. I've never been treated poorly here because everyone is so helpful and willing to work with you. Highly, highly recommended.
I always go to this Jiffy Lube because the staff is always so helpful and friendly. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for great people and great service.
Eh, food was really expensive. It was okay food, the carne asada was good but still it was all a bit too pricey.  Short and sweet- service was garbage. Might have over looked the price but couldn't with the slow service. I did like the music though. Probably won't go back.
I've gotten take out here three times (small children at home) and loved it.  I love the baked rolls and for a simple lunch the california roll with crab.
I agree that the food is uneven. Much of it is good, like the paella, but some of it is nothing special. A pitcher of Sangria is quite pricey here, but the staff seem to have a multi-national background and are interesting.
Love scottsdale quarter and this store by far has the best semi annual sale selection. Organized, clean and I got wall flowers for $2 refills what a huge reflection will be back! A great asset to the shopping center!
We were excited to find a Peruvian restaurant with vegetarian options, so decided to try it. I was pleasantly surprised to learn that it is family run. They were extremely warm and hospitable and the food was freshly prepared home style! Even the piscos were thoughtfully made :) We enjoyed our evening and would definitely go back.
Overpriced. Was blaring crap 90's trash-pop. Fruit flies everywhere. \n\nSome of the dishes were aiighhht but at tapas prices you expect perfection. Menu is too big.\n\nNext.
I did not like mine, chinch on the toppings.
Food is unimpressive.\n\nDrinks however.. try the lemonade or the margarita (both with alcohol) and you will not regret it!
Snooty and expensive. Tiny portions of \"precious\" food. Get real, please.
Best old school burgers in Mesa! The prices are a little high, but when you compare them to the insane amount of choices of toppings for your burger and the crazy amount of fries, the price is worth every cent. The people there are cool too. Never left Five Guys with a bad look on my face
I did thanksgiving here as I had done for the past several years. Very disappointing. Portions had me wondering if they where just nuking lean cuisine in the back.
Has the best po'boy I've tasted (besides my dad's) hands down.  If you are ever in the mood for a shrimp po'boy then this is the place.  The Red beans and rice are pretty good, and so is the alligator.  All in all they have found a repeat customer with me
If you are looking for something healthy, here is the place! i always get the Cantina wrap and tomato basil they are the best! They also have a salad bar available. Did I mention that they also have soft serve ice cream? :)
Love this place - Great Local Casino!!
Got gel nails with Tawana's daughter 3 times. The sanding of the nail polish took off so much of my nails along with it that they are now ruined. My nails are now incredibly thin and fragile. :(
Loved it. Grocery/small restaurant.... 7.99 for the non veggie combo plate. It was great portion. Food taste great. I will definetly be back!
Good tacos but overpriced for what you get, chips n salsa are mediocre.
lousy!  rude but most importantly she butchered my pants!  DO NOT USE
Food was disappointing. Hash browns were pre-formed, like the kind you get from McDonalds. I don't understand how this place has such high marks. Maybe it's gone downhill recently. I don't recommend.
You have to sit outside facing the fountain, order the calamari fritti as appetizer. Service is outstanding and place is worth the wait. Dont get the mahimahi with polenta, too dry. Excellent wine selection.
The side of Basmati rice is huge! Enough for the whole family!
Mike and his guys will bend over backwards for you. Down to earth and honest. I can't understand anyone giving this place a bad review.  There has to be more to the story than what they wrote........meaning a side to the story we're not getting. This is the only place I'll go.
Every trip to Outback is a pleasant one. The food, beer, service, and atmosphere is always consistent. I'm very fond of this location because the Manager is very hands on and the bartender, Brian is the best! They make me feel very welcome. I highly recommend!
Every meal I have here is good.  I love the pancakes and breakfast burrito.  The staff is very nice and helpful (love Donna Jo), the service is great and the price is right.  :)
The food was good for the price. The Mac was good, but everything else was mediocre. The best burger in Las Vegas was good but it was meat loaf, not a burger and for that I am disappointed.
Best service I've ever had anywhere!!! I'm from MI and travel the entire east coast all the time. I love Yuengling and they had the best price and were truly kind. I would definitely recomend this place.
Let's see -- $14 for an okay fish fry (can you believe they serve the cole slaw in a plastic relish container?), no bread unless you fork over another $4, and a room that's so noisy you can barely hear yourself think. Nope, not for me!
Great craft beer selection!  The staff is very knowledgeable staff on the beer selections and always friendly.\nFood.. not so good.  Typical soso bar food.\nAtmosphere ok but pretty tired and dated.\nOverall a relaxed bar with great beer and reasonable prices.
This show is awesome! where would you see fountains dancing to songs. This is quite interesting and romantic free entertainment all summed into one. The Fountains of Bellagio became one of my favourite thing to see on the strip.
Interesting menu. Drinks way over priced. Bone in pork belly was ok. Not enough to eat $12 vodka.  Would go back to try something else\n H
Always love this Cheesecake Factory - The food is absolutely amazing, the cheesecake is epic and the service is phenomenal. I've been here several times since moving to Las Vegas and intend to continue regularly as my girlfriend enjoys it as much as I do. Just overall a great experience for couples, friends, and family alike!
Yep, still 5 stars, freaking love this place.  The only problem I have is getting the to-go coffee to my destination as I usually have it killed by the next light.  Staff is always awesome!
When you put the name Philly on a cheesesteak place, you better be able to back it up.  Today, I found out Straight From Philly deserves that Philly name.  Look forward to more cheesesteaks in the future.
4 stars for this Glendale Chinese food. If there are better places in Glendale, please tell me. I love coming here with my mom when I am in town, the chicken lo-mein lunch special makes me happy.
I only had 20 mins to grab dinner before I go to the comedy show, so Tokyo Express was close to M's house I run in.  Got my food in 10 min and inhaled my gyoza, terriyaki chicken, and my drink.  The sauce and chicken was ok.  It was a little warm inside the restaurant.
Sam met me at the service area, checked in my vehicle for its appointment and got me a curtesy vehicle. I was excite to get my car back clean and ready to go.
Great Greek Salad!  Nice server but seemed like she was the only one in the place. Poor girl. Everyone raved about the NY style wings, but I thought thy were average.
One of my favorite buffets to eat in Vegas =) \n\nPlace is clean and the food is pretty tasty. Plus, its near all my favorite slot machines!
I love how this theatre is close to everything, but you can always find a parking spot and the theatre is never crowded. I just wish they (and all other movie theatres) would show movies at 8pm instead of 7 and 9.
If you given this place more than 3 stars. You must be related to this place. Wasted my time n money. I'm not even gonna wast my time describing the food. Just one word. \"Nasty\"
Wish I could review the place, but alas, I walked in 20 minutes before closing time to be told by the none too pleasant girl behind the counter that she was closing up for the night.  Another time, perhaps?
Ordered a cab, it didn't come, ordered another cab, it never came.\nWorthless customer service has no idea where cabs are or how long they will be. Useless.
Awesome spot to chill with friends. Not the busiest of bars, at least when ive been there. Pool tables and darts offered.  The selection of music you hear is very wide range.
Good breakfast, fast and courteous service. There are a variety of selections and the coffee is very good.
This place has their food frozen and they deep fry it but it is delicious. I usually get a combo because it gives a variety of different stuff and the combo's are very filling, they give fries with them, too. The food comes with some sauce but any additional tartar or cocktail sauce will cost extra.
The foods not all that great. I mean its o.k. The staff are a little strange I must say..not rude..but a little strange.The people that go there are o.k. They have live music some good some crap.
Wendy's has gone waaaay down hill.  Ever sunce they changed the menu to sweet pickles, frys and red onions its hard to enjoy a meal here.\nWendys change the menu back!!!!!
Open 24/7, firendly staff and the burguers there rock!!!
We had a disappointing experience with customer service regarding a group reservation. In fact, they have yet to call back to confirm or cancel. If they can't get a reservation right, what else would have gone wrong?
My entire family has been going here for years until today.  I called ahead for apt as always only to be rudely told they only take walk ins now.  It seems like this policy changes depending on who answers when you call, which has become irritating as you no longer know what to expect.
Wow! This place rocks! They do not have QT's on the east coast that I am aware of. The place is clean and has everything you can expect from a corner gas station.
On High street in Edinburgh.  Yes that is the tourist main drag.  Decorated in old pub style and elaborate.  Beer is a little more expensive because you are on the main drag.  Have nice Celtic music every evening so great place to chill with no cover charge.  Did not try the food.
Dated but reasonably clean.  Rooms were dark which might be o.k. in the middle of the summer but we would have appreciated a bit more light.
Sundays used to be all you can drink vodka for 10 dollar cover... After paying our cover they let us know that beginning this week vodka drinks are 2 dollars... Why would anyone come on Sunday if they're pouring 2 dollar glasses of cranberry juice?
What a great local shop! Loved Meeting the owners and taking a look behind the scenes at how they make some of the yummy confections. The coffee was really smooth and tasty as well. Thanks Nikki for hosting such a fun get together!
Stayed here in June of 2008.\nI loved the dancing water , the design of the hotel and shops. It was pure coincidence that Marie Osmond was there promoting and autographing her dolls-so I was able to get my favorite Strawberry Shortcake doll autographed.
The best prices are on designer items like sofas & furniture.  Moderate prices on antiques.  Great place to find accessories and artwork, too.  Really nice, knowledgeable staff -- no snooties!
Been here a few times, I really like the cheesesteak sandwich here. The fries are great, seasoned perfectly, a smaller portion of fries though.... But I could stand to eat less fries. :) \nThe combo is the way to go.
Have eaten here several times as a guest at the Fairmont. It's very well done, for the most part, and their regular menu has a nice array of quality options.\n\nThat being said, I felt the $75 Christmas brunch fell quite short. The options were rather limited and a bit on the thin side.
This store does have almost everything for babies. However, prices are higher than Target or other retailers. Additionally, customer service is non existent at this location (rainbow). Expect to pay more and be patient waiting in long lines.
This place was ok. Had house margaritas during happy hour and it was unremarkable. I ordered taco trio and it tasted ok but the portion was very small. Tacos were mini sized. Looked pretty though. Guac was fresh and tasty.
Delicious pizza as if you're in a pizzeria setting. Good people.
My wife's favorite food is seafood and did this place ever hit the Mark! We had the pan roast and the flavor was absolutely amazing. Best of all, it was my wife's birthday and they gave us a free chocolate cake afterwards!
Really poor service, I fixed an appointment for test driving 2 cars. After being made to wait for over 90 minutes, they informed me that one of the cars has been sold and the other one cannot be found. Worst experience ever
A great place for teens to hangout after school in the open lab - they have a 3D printer, sticker cutters, recording equipment, art drawing tablets and games!
I recently stay at the flamingo and it was awful. Awful customer service. Just absolute crap! Don't stay at this hotel!!!!!
This Gym is very dirty and people are horrible.  I will not be coming back every.
had a nice time lots of people were there the east side cannery had a car show at the same time
The worst place ever. Pathetic staff who are rude and cultureless. Stay away from this place if you can...
Woohoo! Love this place. Finally a french place close to home. Friendly service, nice owners, good food. Had a great time chatting some french with them. Will definetly be back for some Quiche Lorraine.\nMerci! Je reviendrai sans doute.
This is the worst Chinese food I've had. Ever. And Pittsburgh has some pretty bad Chinese places.  The Golden Palace buffet is bad, but at least edible.  I am utterly baffled at how this place stays in business.
Very good authentic Irish restaurant on the strip. i can't seem to find one around the Pomona valley in LA. So this one will do. Great Shepherd's Pie and Irish Stew by the way.
Love Z Pizza! Seriously never had a bad pizza here. ZBQ is delicious!
Service at the Las Vegas blvd location is always horrible except for the bar area. For some apparent reason I continue coming. Great bar food! Awesome beer!
Tami's is super cute VERY clean and great service! My nails were AMAZING! They are true artists I got so many compliments:)\nThx Ashanda for my fantastic nail design.
We were just passing through and were lucky enough to find this pretty little South Carolina gem.  Inventive and fresh but not fussy comfort food locally sourced, some local bottled beers, and smiling, prompt service!  A great choice for the traveler looking for an authentic experience, and well worth the highway detour!
Their ice cream machine seems like it's always down, don't go there if you are expecting a hot filet-o-fish sandwich.
Expecting to be knocked off our socks and unfortunately Joe's was dry and bland. I'm so confused as to why the line is out the door?!
Hehehe... it cracks me up to see these snobby Asian women flashing their labels and shopping at the full priced stores on the strip when the outlet at 30% off is only a short drive away...
The sandwiches and burgers here are amazing. There fries are always fresh and warm. You can place orders over the phone but they require you to pay up front. That's there only downfall in my opinion
Simple food and healthy.  Good stop for an easy good for you meal.
These guys helped my brother out with supplements when he came in, and I felt confident sending him there because they are knowledgeable.  The guy behind the counter remembers my kids and the fruit smoothie flavors they like.  That's pretty awesome.
Alexanders my favorite spot while in town!!! Family run business offers EXCELLENT SERVICE!!\nHad veal parmiganna with fettuccini alfredo and was absolutely amazing!! Cant wait to go back!!
I was sick for two days after eating the falafel here. Also the manager was ridiculous telling us what doors we could exit out of when we were attempting to leave
C-P Que???\n\nI thought this place was supposed to be fantastic. I had a personal steak, pesto and onion pizza that was just average. $13 a pizza is not average though. \n\nNot that good, and too expensive.
great tuna and salmon tempura sashimi! and they deliver!
Just stopped here once with a couple guys from work. Definitely not my part of town. My buddy went here for a quick diesel refill cause he said it was the cheapest near him.
We tried the ahi/avocado poke bowl and it was super delicious. We also tried the katsu from the other side of the store and it was decent. But we will back here to try more of the poke because it was just so good!
This place is not what it seems. The food wasn't the best and some what pricey. The 'style' of the food is different from what you would think it would be.
Gotten sick multiple times from Volcano although I used to frequent it. There is a reason they are cheaper than other places. Cheap = bad. You'll probably get sick later... that is if you can even drink it with those hard as a rock boba they serve in it.
I've only eaten lunch sandwiches but I have no doubt the other food is great. Whenever I crave a quality Italian sandwich made right, this is where I go. \n\nDo yourself a favor, next time you want to have a sandwich, head here and order a Parma sandwich.
Still a five star place in my opinion. Great service, draft beer, salads and flat crust pizza.\n\nThe salmon arugula salad is awesome and the market thin crust usually is as well.\n\nVery accommodating for children too!
My family and I dine here at least once a month. We enjoy the service, the wine selection, the specials, the desserts, everything. Perfect location for a small party, and perfect location for a large party. Always a great family night out.
I swear they put crack in their sauce. I'm so addicted. Romana pepperoni with arugula will rock you world.
Gennaros is sort of a hit or miss. Sometimes they are very well made pizzas but other times it is pretty generic and bland. Lately it has been the latter. Also STAY AWAY from their sandwiches. I had a chicken parm sandwich and it was awful,  I couldn't actually finish it.
Don't get locked into a contract with them. Their customer service is nonexistent.  Not impressed!!
Best Persian on the West Coast!
Great boneless wings! Joe's sauce is awesome on then. Their slices and drink combo is delicious and cheap!
Oh Chipotle, I can't get enough of you.  Great lunch place.  The burrito bowl is the bomb.  Healthy and reasonably price.
This is an acceptable breakfast place.  Heads up that sodas do not have free refills (and they won't tell you that when you order).  Hubby liked his biscuits and gravy and my veggie omelette was good too.
This Gamestop is in Desert Ridge and has friendly service and a good selection of new and used games.  Gamestop in general is great because they will buy back your old games.  I like that :)!!
Friendly service, BBQ sauce wasn't sweet like I remembered it being & the apple flavor in the sauce just wasn't there. Brisket, pulled pork & loin back ribs were very tasty.
Yummy sandwiches, the bread is very good
Authentic Neapolitan Pizza and a Whiskey mule in a copper jar.  Bring it.  My brother in law is Italian.  Like Italian Italian.  He melts at this joint.  I melt for the cocktails.  Strip mall location, so meh there, but damn good.
Decent wait staff and the food is okay. Not the best Hooters but definitely not the worst.
Everything I've had here has been great tasting. My favorite so far is the red curry chicken. Have them make it extra spicy if you're into that kind of thing. I am and it turns out great. The only thing keeping this place from getting 5 stars is that the portions are kind of small.
I was able to go to this place today, I was absolutely satisfied. Felt worlds better after the 1 1/2 hours I was there. very affordable.
A very nice office.  Brian Miller and his staff are very nice and helpful and make you feel right at home.  I highly recommend them if you have any eye care needs.
X
Be careful when you order delivery from this Pizza Hut.  It seems as if the delivery drivers/cashiers/managers, etc. like to bump up your total after you've signed your charge slip.  They stole from me - you could be next.
Waitress spilled ice cold water on me in first 5 minutes. Drinks from bar were really bad. Had to send the first back. Second still was not good. Took her 10 minutes to make the Greek salads at the table while the other guests food got cold. Bad experience overall. This was Monday.
Certainly not the cheapest place for 'puter stuff but they do have just about everything and they are open when other places are not.\nFor goodness sake never say you are buying for business use when at the till, you will be there for the next 10 minutes answering questions for their records.
Big portions, but mine was just OK.  I thought it would be a little better (for the price) or cheaper (for the quality), but no dice.  Super convenient though if you are staying at the hotel and don't want to go out.
I've been doing business with these guys since the late 80's.  They've always had the best service and fairest prices of anyone else in town.  Nobody adjusts or regrips my clubs but the guys at Vegas Golf.
Very hit or miss.  \n\nI'm giving 3 stars because I either get excellent service or horrible service.   \n\nThe food is decent bar fare, just a little pricey. \n\nFun place to hang out, watch sports and place horse bets.... When the service is good.
I recently received an eye examination at this location & I recommend them to anyone who needs one for their self. I especially would recommend getting the retinal eye exam in place of the traditional eye drops. Not only does it not cloud your day from having received drops, it gives you a view of your eyes that you've never seen before!
Our server Leslie was grumpy and rude. Bread was stale. And food was just okay. Not a fan. Don't waste your money.
The sauce for the enchiladas was raw chile powder and the tortillas tough and tasteless. A smearing of beans on the tortillas was hidden by almost a head of lettuce.\nI was very disappointed
Horrible food and the guys on the street corner spinning the signs...annoying and over the top.  I see now why they need sign spinners in your face to get you to their location.  Never again!
Gorgeous pool! Les was great to work with. Other than the monsoons that delayed a few construction days and prematurely filled our pool, everything went smoothly. The reviews are well-deserved. I know we have a quality pool. Can't wait until it warms up enough to really use it!
Deep fried italian hoagie, giant slice of carrot cake, two way mirror in the pisser?  This place rocks, plus, who doesn't like bussy?
This place was terrible!!!! DO NOT waste your money!!!! Frozen food, salsa from the jar and chips from the bag! Awful!!!!
The food was pricey but excellent! We went for simple, classic pub foods- Hubs had the fish & chips, I had the shepard's pie- both were incredible.
This place is great. Prices are a bit higher here than anywhere else but the great customer service makes up for it. the guys are great and they can help you really get into it. The owner is enthusiastic and you can tell he loves his customers.
This is one of the nicest shops I have been to in Vegas and I am a local! The staff there is really nice and approachable as well talented. It's a great place to get top notch custom work. the shop is clean and in a really great location if you are on vacation and staying on the strip!!!
Fyi, the drive thru closes at 10p, apparently.  Not sure if they serve walk-ins, but the sticker on the window said they close at 10p on Friday.  Bummer.  Tempe needs more 24 hr drive thrus!
Very clean and fast service. Food is good for something quick. Music was really loud the day we were in. Everyone was having a hard time hearing their order number when it was ready.
This place is amazing. I went here for dinner with three friends and had the best dinner I have had since moving to Phoenix!  Don't be in a rush, enjoy the atmosphere and definitely do the wine pairing with your courses. I also recommend at least 6 courses so the chef can have fun.
Ugh.. Either the quality has dumped or my tastes have matured too much for applebees. Fish tasting fishy just doesn't seen right to me, but hey, IM no Gordon Ramsey.. The wait was insane for fish on a Friday during lent.. Tisk tisk..
I love diners and diner food, but this was so disappointing. Pass.
Very friendly staff. Great service. The atmosphere of the restraunt is like going on vacation. I had a salad with the chicken. Portions are very large. The salad was ok but not great. Maybe i will try something else next time. But the friendly staff are very welcoming and the prices are reasonable.
I ordered an arrangement for a celebration of life and they never delivered and didn't call to warn me. Didn't receive a call until the next day. Unprofessional and unreliable!
Great little local place.  Fresh cheese on giant slices.  The Bella slice is excellent!  Better than New York Pizzeria in Houston.  Love the fact that the owner has his wedding pictures from the 60's on the wall behind the counter as he serves you.
Veggie Delight very great cooking and good flavor foods, fresh and clean.\nI love it.
This place is disturbing. It's dirty, sticky, greasy, and reeks of filth everywhere. And that's before any review of the food. \n\nYou gotta be kidding!
Wish you would have never left Rock Hill, sorry to see y'all close but never went to your new location.
Direct competition to the Subway across the street. It's fresh cut deli meats and better menu make it a far better choice than Subway.
I usually go to another showmars consistently, but I was in the area so we stopped in. The place was clean and the employees were very friendly. Showmars is also a 2nd amendment friendly restaurant which is great! Food came out hot and fresh and I was very happy with our waiter.  I will go back to this location soon.
Party of three, arrived at 4:30 pm. You seat yourself. Impressed with how busy it was so early in the evening. Service was great. I ordered the shrimp tacos. I liked the refried beans, you could taste the ham bone flavor. I will definitely be back.
Chi is awesome. So creative and attentive. I love this place.
Huge club full of beautiful-looking girls and the creepers who like to pray on them. \n\nGot here early around 11pm and was able to get in under 30 minutes!  \n\nA little on the pricey side.  Guys are 75 bucks and girls 35 on the Saturday night we went.
Too heavy.  Too sweet.  Too salty.  The food is somewhat fresh, but the preparation is lacking.   Nothing special with the menu except for the beer.
Pools too crowded.Too long of line to check in. Its ok if they take my money at the tables but it was not right the maid stole $100 that we hid in closet. I will not stay there again.
We wanted this place to be great and well it just isn't. If you are coming for food find another spot. If you get the right seat and you can see the happening casino at least you know what you are paying for. Next time I'll gamble with my money not with my food.
Ordered the Honey-Chipotle Chicken Crispers. They were OK, but practically swimming in the sauce, which was overly sweet. And my draft Sierra Nevada did not taste right for some reason. Other than that, service was fast and friendly.
The French fries were so soggy you could use them as shoe laces , also portions were undersized not one of the containers were full to the top , not that any of us wanted to eat them
I thought this coffee shop was going to be small but it was huge! Their vanilla latte deserve 2 thumbs up  however I can pretty much say the exact opposite about their latte macchiato. This is such a great place to sit with friends, people watch, or do homework. I will definitely be back.
I recently was in Vegas for business.  We went to the pub for lunch to meet a client and the food and service took quite a while considering we had to cancel our next meeting.  With that being said, the place was really busy.  The food was great and the atmosphere was casual.
My daughter and I both saw Whitney this afternoon. She absolutely rocks! This was our first visit and won't be our last! We are new to the area and so glad we found the deals on Groupon. She was attentive to our individual needs. Would definitely recommend this salon & Whitney.
I had the Strawberry Dividend with Chicken (salad) and Chicken Fingers.  The salad was huge with good strips of chicken in it.  The chicken fingers were the best I've had in a while.   I'm glad this place opened near my office as it gives me another good lunch spot.
Great ambiance and drinks... horrible service!!!
Monkeys could do a better job.  The staff do not think about what they are doing or what is important to the car, only follow a checklist
Very decent, quick Mexican food. No complaints!
I heard that this place was supposedly a \"great\" brunch place, so i decided to check it out with a friend. My dish was average and the cocktail juice was overpriced. Nothing special about it. wouldnt go again
went with my daughter for dinner we ate at the bar the chicken tenders were pretty good I liked the breading my daughter had a cheeseburger she enjoyed it the bartender was outstanding with service he made me a rum and strawberry drink really tasty it helped to take the edge off to go Walmart shopping Ill go back there
This place sucks, way too expensive for a junky little casino bar. Save your $ and don't buy any drinks here. Also waitresses are lazy and bartender can't make a good drink to save his life!
Ok, I'll update this to reflect great quality to price ratio and the loveliness of a quality byo in the neighbourhood.
Just went back to Vegas.  A night at the Imperials is not worth $1.  Half the hotel faces an outdoor stage.  A stage for a loud band that plays until the wee hours of the night.
Good food and friendly staff. A little pricey for what you get.
not the real deal, but it works for Scottsdale
I would not recommend working with her. She is unwilling to actually do any work and will make you drive to go meet up with her at her convenience. I would give her zero stars if I could. Do not believe what she says.
STAY AWAY, STAY AWAY, STAY AWAY!!! Did I mention STAY AWAY!!! THE agents are incompetent and lairs. I'm sure it starts at the top ( Jeremy Fulkerson )
The only reason that I'm not giving this place 1 star is because they did a good paint job. The technician was rough and did not listen to a thing I said. I will never go back.
This review is  for the salon only i found it extrimely over price for a blowout and some curls that took about 35 minutes the charged the ridiculous amount of $ 150.00 dlls\n\nThe hair stylist was professional but i will never get the service again.
Food and drinks are decent.. Maybe a little overpriced on the food. The staff is really great. DEAD on a Friday night. They need a DJ who plays house and techno
I like the express lanes they have for those of us that no how to use a touch screen, but these stores always feel really large. The lunch meat slicers are closed by 9pm, not cool. I do like the discounted steaks, but I wish they had more readily available and seperated from the more pricey stuff.
The coffee is great but it can be a little hotter. I got 2 vanilla lattes and it cost close to $10! Expensive for coffees but it's a treat and worth a try if you're sick of the regular coffee houses.
I like this Vintage/New shop.  I think they need to do something about getting new (vintage) items in more frequently there are things still there from visiting almost a year ago.  Overall I have bought some great finds there and will most definately go back.
Meh. I've experienced better. Food is typical bar food... Not much \"hawaiian\" unless you count the scantily dressed girls..It's great if you're a dude and you wanna catch a sports game on their big screens..
Sababa is a kosher mediterranean restaurant; appropriately, it offers minimal flavor and maximal hand washing facilities.
It's crammed on the inside and they don't have any comfortable chairs to sit in while there. Don't plan on spending any amount of time here with no place to hang out-chairs they have really hurt your back.
If you advertise an industry night and I call about said night please inform us that there is a private party before 10 of us walk up expecting to bowl. When we call to make a reservation just tell us you are closed for the night before we all plan on being there.
Cookie was rough but ice cream was really good, recommend the chocolate fudge. I had the peanut butter cookie and coconut macroon cookie as my two cookies for the sandwich. A little hard to dig into.
Great little Japanese restaurant. Food is good and the prices are reasonable. If you are looking to impress a date or a business partner, this probably isn't a good choice. But if you want some good teppanyaki and don't want to break the bank, this is a good spot.
Sat for 10 minutes before a waitress came over. Waitresses all stood over by the bar chatting while we sat and watched. Pizza was ok, wings were good. May try again
The best! Fluffy eggs, perfect bacon. People are friendly.  Came here for breakfast on gameday.  GO SEAHAWKS!
The patio at this Hooters is a nice, relaxed spot to throw back a few beers during the day. There is no shortage of televised sporting events or bright orange butts, so that doesn't leave a whole lot to complain about unless you happen to order food.
No Complaints with this place! Support the little guy, (last mom and pop shop)  and if you ever need anything repaired this is the place Vegas!
Place was dirty. Food came out at different times and was not very good. I don't think I will ever be back there...
I'll make it short, service sucks at this location. Go to the one on Eastern or Sunset.
New drive through is a wreck waiting to happen. Two lines ordering at the same time and then you have to get into one lane. It was crowded and everyone thinks they should rush ahead at the same time. What a ridiculous design!
Don't try to quit. They will keep charging you.
Love tis place for NYE with my family!
Good service shop for basic things like a smog or quick oil change.. Prices decent, about $16 for a smog and $28 for an oil change.
Best customer service, these days you don't find a company like Smart Security.  If you are looking for an alarm for your home, office, or business I wouldn't trust anyone else but Steve Richardson with Smart Security.
I swear the pizza was better before.  =(  It was warm and the cheese was just bearly melting.
This place is awesome!  They have everything that you could ever need.  We got Gulden Draak, Belgium beer with awesome flavor!  10.5% Alc by Vol.  $15 for a 4 pack....
I didn't pay a cent for my drinks here. Coupons offered by the venetian got me a regular coffee and an ice blended caramel coffee drink. Both were good. Service was great. I tipped them... so I guess I paid something.
I have seen several rock acts here in Las Vegas and this was one of the best if not The best rock show that I have seen. The musicians are fantastic and every song rocks! My wife and I really enjoyed how the flow of the show went and how the musicians really seemed to enjoy themselves. I play guitar myself,  and was thoroughly impressed.
I really wanted to like this place, I really did. We each got 3 tacos each & the Fish/meat were ice cold on all of them. The tortillas were also cold & probably came straight from the bag to our plates. Really BAD!!! I will not be back!!!!!
Enjoy coming to this location for all my pool needs. Alan is extremely helpful with all my questions and concerns
Is no stars an option?! WORST CAB RIDE EVER. Guy was a huge jerk to my grandma and me when we got picked up from the airport. HUGE jerk. I would recommend calling your hotel or a friend to come pick you up over using these jerkfaces.
Best food ever? no.  Value for price? Through the roof.\n\nThis is an awesome lunch stop for those on a budget and they happen to stock a respectable beer selection to boot.  Mmmm, Hacker-Pschorr Hefeweizen on tap.
Really delicious and unique burritos.  If you want something or of the ordinary and very tasty I recommend them!
Great beer great food
Great service. Very fair and patient...  No high-pressure sales on un-necessary parts or labor. Customer service as it should be.
the tuna tartar is sooooooooo goooooooood!!!\n\nthey are very generous with their alcohol pours :)\nthey are open very late too.
Huge selection of beer. The hambugers are really good and the nachos were outstanding. Service is good. The club type atmosphere doesn't go well with a burger and a beer.
This restaurant is terrible!  My wife picked up two BBQ brisket sandwiches and the meat was tasteless and dryed out;  not mention the shitty sauce and white bun it was served on. It was a $20 rip in the a$$.
One of the best Thai restaurants in Central Phoenix. Very Very Authentic. Pui, the owner is a very kind, caring and hospitable woman. Nice Decor. Do not judge the inside by the outside. Great menu. Great Prices
OMG! OMG! LOVE this show. Laughed so hard our cheeks hurt. Would see it again.
My boss at Nordstrom told me about this place. He was told by the owner of the Chicago Cubs who always makes  a point of coming in when visiting Scottsdale. I have been coming here ever since. The food is very good and I'm a tough critic as I am from New York.  Great Happy Hour and consistently great food!
At the Wickenburg Country Club, this is a great place to cool off after a round of golf and get a great sandwich and a ice cold beer or mixed drink.
Not much to say, standard PFC food, pretty good, atmosphere might be a bit nicer than average, service was just ok on our visit.
I brought a pair of earrings for my mother for Mother Day. And today I am in Store because they broke. They said that they could not exchange and\nNo refunds. They will try to Fix. After I get My\nMother earring I will never shop here again. Very rude
This is your standard chain Chilis, but be prepared to wait.  The location is prime for both tourists and locals making this entire complex very crowded for both lunch and dinner.
Chaos! Chaos! Chaos! \n\nThere's been other walmarts that are worse than this (trop and pecos-no longer there). \n\nIts an o....k store I guess
Authentic Puebla,  M\u00e9xico food.  Delicious,  have the mole enchiladas.  Not your run of the mill beans and rice place,  in fact they don't overpower your dish with them.
Prime rib was delicious.  Very tender and tasteful.  Huge portion.
great food, really expensive. 2342342343 different types of beers, but you can only afford to drink them during happy hour!! staff was awesome and friendly, food was even more awesome than the staff
I stayed here many times, I have to say this is one of my favorite hotel to stay at.  The staff is nice, and the rooms are clean.  If you like shopping this is the place to stay because its connected to The Desert Passage, which is a mall located next to the casino.  Beautiful place to stay at
Food is fresh and delicious. Atmosphere is comfortable and welcoming. I loved it.
love the chicken satay
Very nice, helpful staff. The sushi, though, was limited in scope and less than great. I have never been to a sushi bar that didn't have saba. The bartender said that the closest thing was the red fish, which would indicate that the bartender has never tasted saba.
The best steakhouse dining experience we've ever had.  Attentive server and perfect food.
Beer was cold but the food was greasy.  The service was excellent though which makes up for a lot.
Friendly staff.  Great place for family and friends.  Sometimes a bit crowded, but the management staff does a good job to meet the needs of its clients.  Movie are run in a high quality system.  Everything you should expect a theater to have.
This place was ok. I know there's a lot of good blurb out there and that's why we visited. The service was excellent but the food and drinks were just average. And the bathrooms were dirty. Meh.
I had to wait close to 20 mins. Even when they had empty tables! Not just one empty table but many!
Joe's is great- the stone crabs were fresh and a good size, the calamari was good and the crab cake had little to no filler.  I ate in the bar and found the service to be a little slow (it wasn't that busy), but would certainly go back.
Woman at the counter was rude, and I watched the man who originally started taking my order handle my food without washing his hands or using gloves...I'll be going to the Roberto's just West of this one from now on where they're clean and friendly.
Good happy hour specials. The pork tacos are as good as I've had and on Tuesday they are on special. for those that care, you can enjoy the pattio and a smoke!
A Hungry Howies rip off. The flavored crusts are exactly the same just not as good.\n\nThe $5 pizza is laughably bad.\n\nThe only reason it gets 2 stars instead of one is because their giant pizzas are ok.
Expensive, but good. I had the lobster roll. I've had better, but this was pretty good. But $14 for a lobster roll???
Food came out 30 to 40 min later and the whole fish never came. Took forever to sit us as well even though no one was in line.  Pad tai taste worst than middle planet
I really enjoyed the show! Wasn't anything crazy but Jan Rouven was great! He was very funny! The only down side is how they cram you in there. The seats could be moved a little bit far apart! Overall the show was good and I would see it again when family comes to town.
Really enjoy this place. This is my choice for best Pho spot in Vegas. Far better than the incredibly overrated Pho Kim Long on Spring Mt
Great environment at night! Songs going on very lively!! The food of my friends who ordered burger and fried shrimps was not that great. But I ordered chicken flatbread which was really delicious! Absolutely loved it  will definitely go here again just for the flatbreads
We ordered two milkshakes and it took over 20 minutes. Service was not good. First and only time coming here
PIZZA EXTREME has RC Cola.\n\nPIZZA EXTREME does not have recycling bins.
Typical Chinese restaurant in the UWaterloo plaza, although one of the busier ones. Had sweet and sour chicken with rice.  Decent food, cheap, and served quickly.  The decor was also nice compared to surrounding restaurants but bathrooms are not clean and are stacked with trash, boxes and cleaning supplies.  Would go again for take out.
The best all you can eat sushi in Las Vegas. I prefer the location in Henderson. The thing that make this place great is that you can get EVERYTHING on the menu in the all you can eat. And there's no time limit!
All burgers are not created equal... and Mister Steer's is on the mediocre side, which is why I don't understand what all the fuss and rage is about.  I really wanted to like this place, but the food didn't do it for me :(
Bad food and pushy waiter.  We hardly finished what we were served. My fish was heavily battered and the french fries seemed to be out of a bag- really fast-food under a plastic tree.
Excellent!!!! Huge portions for great price! Seriously good Mexican food, we will be back!
Sat down after the UFC viewing party with 2 buddies and after 15 mins and not 1 person stopped at our table we left! WIll not return.
Great sandwiches and great people! The staff is really nice and helpful. The sandwiches are around 10 bucks which is a little pricey but worth it ! It's super tasty and a good chill atmosphere .
Typical Residence Inn.  No issues during my stay.  Room was quiet, well furnished, clean and bed was comfortable.\n\nLocation is well situated for getting into Scottsdale.
Ordered a hot green tea latte. Pretty bad, all green tea was clumped at the bottom. Garbage was full the entire time I was there, trash all over the counter where the napkins were. No paper towels in ladies bathroom. Quite dirty. Tables were sticky. Not returning anytime soon.
I love their iced hazelnut lattes but it was the most expensive coffee I ever bought. I was expecting it to be under $4 but $5.37 for a medium? No thanks
Went there on my first day in Pittsburg. Wasn't the best experience. My waitress was to busy talking to her coworkers that she couldn't even give us any sauces. The food was ok but nothing to great. When I go back to Pittsburg I will not be going there again!!!!
Great food and lemonade drinks!
These guys are terrible i dont recommend them. They take forever to do the work and the price is always more than what they tell you. Go somewhere else
Love this place.  The food was very good an the service was great an fast. Love the pastries too. Would have lunch with my mom a lot at the one in Ca. Will def be back.
I cannot not adequately describe how horrible the service is in the place. I'm not picky but DAMN. Expensive to boot. Why bother.
Excellent way to ease the exquisite pain of waiting for a table next door at Pizzeria Bianco. Nice wine selection and great snacks to tease your appetite. \r\n\r\nChuck is a top-notch wine guru, and Vishaka enchants with her poetic description of the cheese plate.
Bueno Burger is much better. Five guys is better. McDonalds is better!
I have been here so many times with friends and family, We always had a great time~ love the all you can eat  sashimi sushi~ much better than other place 4 stars on Yale!
Worst service. After spending 10-15mins waiting for someone to take my order at the BAR, I spent 20 mins waiting for my food order that \"had a lost ticket\". I cancelled my order and took my business somewhere else. Not worth the wait. Thanks!
Terrible. Unless of course you like waiting 20 min to be contacted. Then another 20 to get a beer. And broken darts for the dart board
Meh! Nothing special not sure what the fuss is all about. Didn't really do anything for me. Won't come back.
It's like the Scottsdale Gun Club without the expense of ammo! A great place to practice for the amateur or Olympic champion alike. There are lessons for kids and adults. Air conditioned and safe, I could spend my entire summer here. Love it. 5 stars all the way.
If you're a tourist....you'll probably love this place because you're too drunk or high to notice what it's issues are
Service is bad! We had deserts, thue Sundae is a bunch of ice cream and whipped cream, and cocktails come fancy... even these things the slow waiter messed up!
This place has ok thai food.  I recently had lunch here with my boss on her suggestion that we should try this restaurant.  I ordered the chicken basil and it was ok.  I probably won't be back unless my boss really wants to go here again.
I have never been to a Restaurant serving tiny popcorn shrimp for their hibachi shrimp. I order hibachi shrimp for dinner and was extremely disappointed. The shrimp were tiny popcorn shrimp and very salty. My salad greens were browning. Beware.
Carts are always filthy. Most kids working there are what I call \"don't cares\". They need lessons in customer service. Check your receipt as the wrong prices often ring up. The older checkers are so slow it is painful. The produce is bruised and pitiful. Their meat is the more expensive than most without justification.
Got here at 5:45 and wanted to get my car washed, but no one would help me. They are supposed to be open for car wash business until 6...
Cool atmosphere, awesome roof-top deck, great beer selection and the food was ok.
Average food and pricey too.  Three ribs a bit dry and tough plus an out of the bag garden salad with a 12 oz. soda alone,  ran me 14 bucks!
The Tuna tataki and the popping crab roll were fantastic.  The service was great.  It is overpriced, but it was expected.
Love this food, and the staff is really friendly. Great prices. Will definitely come here again.
They have plenty of options, crab legs, sushi, Indian, greek, Italian, etc. all the food we ate we're delicious... I think they had the biggest selection then any other buffet I've been too... There was just something about it that didn't make me feel like 5 stars.
I got the honey cinnamon latte which was absolutely delicious. I love the cups they use and the weather was perfect for outdoor seating. The only drawback is small portions for the price
After months of trying to go here, I finally did.  I must day, it was worth the wait.  The chicken sandwich that I had was had a pesto-mayo that was fantastic, and the chicken itself was cooked perfectly.  Wash it down with an ice cold beer and you've got the makings for a good Sunday afternoon.
Very nice place for lunch!!!  Fast service,great food and awesome employees.(teamwork) everybody want you to feel comfortable and in family.\nthanxs so much Lalo and all the team for a great time.
Food was pretty good. After 2 hrs of dead ends it was the only thing we could find open on a sunday night to get some food believe it or not.  Little bit pricey though.
Waste of time in my book. A lot of food doesn't make up for it not tasting good and most if it being canned and pre-cooked food.
low quality and pretty expensive, dont go.
Gotta love me some beavertails. Location seems to keep moving but wherever it is, it is all good.
According to the director of customer service the guy with the foreign accent asked us if we were cowgirls.  So I guess when my friend completely freaked out on him about the call girl thing he didn't understand.  Thats still really lame.  Learn English please!
My go-to for take out. Quick delivery, always on time and reasonably priced.  My fianc\u00e9 loves the wings and sauces. I always get the wings plain with fries.  They can be a little heavy handed on the salt. Try the onion rings they are delicious.
Wings are the bomb.  Pizza is avg but if you  have  a big  crowd  to  feed then they have the size along with a great price!  Drinks are  always great during happy hour.   It can  get busy & really loud at times.
Absolutely amazing - the highlight of our visit to Montreal! The food was delicious and the service impeccable.
I must say I was impressed with the food. Simple but really good stuff. I got the flatbread pesto chicken and it was super tasty. Its a good simple lunch and was light on the wallet.
This place reminded us of our trip to Ireland recently! The atmosphere (minus the big screen TVs) was very much like Irish restaurants/pubs. The food was very good as well, and the service was very quick. We'd definitely return!
Most amazing sweet potato fries of my life, though my server was a tad on the rude side.
Very meh. I was young when I gave it 3 stars.\n\nMuch better Mexican food right down the road.
Didn't care for this place during my last visit. I ordered the beef fried rice and it didn't have any flavor. \n\nAlso, I needed an itemized receipt to expense the purchase and couldn't get it.
Food was a little rich for me, but my kids loved it. The service was excellent--efficient, generous and friendly.
This my favorite Asian food place in North Phoenix!  I haven't had anything that wasn't delicious and fresh.  Even the Take-Out rocked!
My family always come here when we visit Vegas. This is one of the best places for Vietnamese food. I like their Banh Hoi and their Bo 7 Mon (seven course beef). The portions are good and the price is fair. Friendly and fast service, most of the time.
Wanted to get a beer so we decided to stop in. Friendly staff and a good bar atmosphere. My boyfriend tried the Friday $2 fish tacos and said they were really good. We are definitely going to come back.
The best part about Moon is the outdoor patio, fully equipped with heat lamps to make it comfortable even in December.  The worst part about Moon is the music - a little too hard-core dance music for me.  But overall, it was a positive Vegas club experience.
Good sushi.  They have 4 different seating options: Booth, Sushi Bar, Grillside & Shoes Off Floor.  Decent sushi at decent prices.
Excellent selection of well prepared Sushi.  Nice atmosphere that is definitely a bit \"Clubby\" as somebody previously mentioned.
Delicious and great service. We normally sit at the bar but i love the quiet atmosphere and the happy, helpful servers.
I still stand by my review. The owner was kind enough to send me an inquiry about my lower rating. Service and qualiy are number one in my book. Both of these unfortunately lacked on my recent visit.
Wangs has been here a long time.  The food is not like the best NY Chinese you may have had, but it's not bad either.  God when you have the craving fpr General Tso chicken.
Nice aquarium with a good variety of fish I haven't seen before. The kids loved it and want to go back again. It's way overpriced for the 30 minutes it takes to walk the whole aquarium.
Tanners is a nice upscale bar spot with great food. The only issue that I've had is with some of the bar  tenders, they tend to move a little slow and not be very attentive to their patrons. Other than that it's a nice spot to grab a drink with your girls or with your man.
If u want to lose all your money and be treated so so then u should stay I live in Vegas I would recommend any casino but this one. They say they love locals that's total bulls$&@t.
From our initial quote to the final box up the stairs of our new home, the Umbrella Movers staff was extraordinary. They made so much more stress free and professional than we ever could have hoped for. Thanks Kathryn, Juan, Oliver & Albert! We'll recommend you to anyone and everyone we can.
Prices are reasonable but there were only 4 tables with 2 chairs each. I love seeing live bands but sometimes have issues standing for long periods of time. We were therefore 30 minutes before doors opened and were unable to get s table. Last time there were at least twice as many tables.
This place is great. The food is really good and spicy if you want. The drive up is really helpful as well. I do wish they gave more rice than one bowl but that's not too big of a deal.
Honestly folks get a grip.  The sandwiches are good but not extraordinary and not worth going out of your way for.  It gets a zero for ambiance.  All the guide books talked this place up but we just didn't get it.
Incroyable 30 minutes pour un chocolat chaud et un brownie. Trop de serveur pas assez de personnes au service. \n\nBrownie et chocolat chaud tr\u00e8s ordinaire
Very bad. I won't be back. The first sign was there were no Asians eating there. Should have been a clue. Having lived in several Asian countries for many years I know what authentic Thai food is. This isn't it.
Family Friendly for over 40 years!!! After a few days on the Vegas strip make your way home to Phoenix and be sure to stop here for your best breakfast experience. Home Made Cooking at it's finest.
Too expensive.  So-so service.  The garlic fries were ok.  Their Happy Hour only includes Bud and Coors, which you wouldn't know from their signs.  They no longer have the individual speakers so you can hear the audio from whichever game you choose.
Their fried okra is always amazing (even people who hate okra eat this stuff). Just tried their chicken salad w/ champagne vinaigrette and it was incredible (this from the girl who believes that fat equals love).
Fantastic little hotel in old Montreal.
We had a great time and would thoroughly\nRecommend this restaurant. Food was great, we had the\nSpecial, fish and chips, that tasted fabulous.\nWe were surprised that the Reed family was\nEntertaining and that made it more than special. Would highly recommend!
Went here last Saturday. The food was ok (chain restaurant), but the show was very entertaining. The ending really is a twist and the young lady who plays the female lead is gorgeous. It really was an entertaining show.
Casual Sushi\n\nFriendly service, nothing ritzy or Vegas about this place just somewhere to eat
This place has a line always very ghetto the employees are slow and curse .....very very unprofessional bums outside and I feel like im shopping at a second hand corner store
Very interesting and unique menu. The food is super yummy and service is good. \n\nI have been here several times and plan to go back.
Guac was made without lime and thus disappointing. Ambience was so-so. Food was okay. Eat here if it's convenient but don't make a special trip like we did.
everything was awesome.... the staff was incredible, professional and the experience was incredible.... \n\ni would do it again if i would go to las vegas again.
This place is tiny, and not a very good time there.  Like most of these places, they use the name to get people in there, but with over priced drinks and service that is sub-par, there are much better places to go to than this place
Doesn't Ever Leave The Airport\n\nDELTA
I would have liked to have gone here but it is 21 and over so couldn't bring my daughter I'm actually surprised because normally an establishment that sells food does not have an age limit
we had filet, scallop and fish (3 entrees), all are delicious!\ngood service also, we'll definitely come back again!
It's almost as if they don't want people to shop here. Customer service and interaction is beyond awful. Your money is better spent somewhere where they don't treat you as if you're an annoyance or burden. I would give this place 0 stars if I could.
The Jamaican Jerk chicken brown rice bowl has fantastic flavors. The chicken was a little on the rubbery side but the flavors were terrific! I will be back to try other menu items.
Not so good anymore. Plus the \"aura\" of the place has become a little snotty.
Came in a week ago (damn gym saying it's closed from OPEN-4 pm), and the current Wall Street Journal was on the stack. Good work! Now if we could only do something about those yellowing Barron's from 2008...
Definitely an impressive show. It does not compare to the permanent shows in Las Vegas (see Mystere! similar plot line too) but they do a good job with what they have available.
HIGH PRICES and lack luster customer service from staff. PetSmart is much better in my opinion.
I don't get the hype...wasn't impressed. Our order was right and we got it pretty quickly, so 3 stars it is.
Ok spot. I won a little money here eventually. We loved the Legends show.
Menu looks great food made me VERY UNHAPPY \nhad no flavor tasted like it had been microwaved \nStay away
This is my church and its freaking awesome!  You dare you to find a more honest and loving community of believers.  We are all Liars, Dreamers & Misfits, which means there is nothing to stand in your way from checking it out.  If you like U2, you will LOVE our Pastor Jonathan Martin.
LOVE going to the eye doctor now!  They can get me in and out in no time.  Extremely friendly staff!
Be aware, this is not a caf\u00e9, but a coffee roaster/wholesaler. They do offer classes, and it is kind of cool to pop in and look around.
The food at Pita Jungle is really good.  I love everything I have had there.  If you are there in the fall or spring, sitting on the patio overlooking the lake is really nice.
Not a bad place to grab a cheap beer but this place should be an alternative to chemical castration for sex offenders.The ladies here are A grade libido killers
Fun atmosphere and tasty steak. A place to take extended family when they come visit so they can see some of the area's history and leave with a full stomach.
I love going to Marc's for lunch because they have an out of this world tomato soup which is made with super sweet tear drop tomatoes and served with mini grilled cheese sandwiches.   They also offer delicious salads.   Dinner is nice as well but lunch is a bargain in comparison.
I am not a huge fan of Vietnamese sandwiches... or really sandwiches in general.  But I love the egg rolls here.  You can get a whole box of them for like $20 and they are really tasty so its a great thing to pick up for a party.  Way better than the frozen kind and just as cheap.
Looking for a good Chinese fast food restaurant, I tried the orange chicken and the flavor was ok. Nothing I would go back for. About 4 miles away. Not worth driving for
This is one of the few \"nice\"places on Mill Avenue.  This is a great place to go for happy hour, but not so good for dinner. The dinner menu is way overpriced.  But I loved coming here at happy hour  time and sharing some cheese, salad, and pasta (definitely enough to make a meal).
Only got the fries and the black cow shake. Neither were good. Maybe next time will be different.
The worst sushi I have ever eaten in my life. Beware of this place. The sushi is terrible and you are wasting your time eating here because you will be disappointed.
The wings suck. I love good wings and these just aren't. Service was mediocre at best. Won't go back.
If you're looking for gourmet food or white glove service...then obviously this isn't your place. BUT if you are looking for a fantastic local neighborhood bar with tons of tv's for sports, awesome beer list that changes regularly and delicious wings I highly recommend.
Closed. No one home! Shut down!
This venue needs to pick a name and stick to it. Like, identity issues much? But I've seen some pretty incredible shows here. Pro tip: bring a flask.
Great addition to Las Vegas!!!\nWith the closure of Scandia, Mountasia and a few other mini-golf spots, im glad to see a new one.\nCourse is fun and challenging at the same time.\nWould recomend going.
i sat down and my chair slid half way across the restaurant.  from now on, anytime I see wheels under chairs, i'm leaving.  bottom line with this place - i can't imagine why anyone would go here with zipp's in the same parking lot?  pizza was average and drink specials weren't very special.  blah!
We have been coming here for years. The staff is great and they are good about making appointments to reserve a cage.
Sit outside, get a drink, and enjoy a show that begins every 30 minutes.  The shows are short but is different every time and very entertaining.  And did I mention that it's FREE!!!
Great service.  The food was much t\nBetter than expected based on the decor. The decor was more of a diner feel.
nice decent hotel, haven't stayed here but played the games, ate at the buffet and watched a movie here!!
Bauern platter was very good. Red kraut is the best, wurst and schnitzel were perfect. Great service, too.
Food it nothing special, bring your own wine is nice, place is cramped and dirty.
No need to worry if you shatter the screen on your iPhone. These people have your back. \nI was in and out in less than an hour and the price was way cheap compare to other people.
My wife and I went to the Waterfront tonight. Had a few drinks and appitisers. The coconut  shrimp is awesome. Has some great habanero seasoning with the salad side. It was a lot of fun sitting outside looking over the lake and having a beer. Very nice place, good food, good atmosphere, great staff.
Dont get me wrong love love love golden corral straight jazzed about them but this ones food was terrible. 1st golden corral i didnt go back for 2nds round at. On the other hand besides it being old peoples nesting den the service was awesome super friendly and on point.
the red velvet pancakes were horrible and brown, and potatos were over cooked and bland.. would not recommend
I checked in on 2pm, and they still charge me early check in fee, really? WTF! And the room was very old. I wont come again, this hotel is shit.
Service was very good, food fine for what it is... Tourist stop in a casino. But really why? We knew it was a poor choice - but only thing open at 10 am without a line. Prices ridiculous for quality. Skip eating n just buy a T-Shirit. You'll thank us
The service was poor. We were seated at a table that did not have enough silverware and our server acted like we were a burden when we asked for small plates with our chips and salsa. \nThe good was the portions of the food. Very large portions so you get what you pay for.
Luckily we were with great friends, this place is nothing special. Skip it.
Discovered the 4-story M&M World store while lost on the Strip. So many flavors, so little extra stomach area. Wish I had the kids when I went. I'm pretty sure I dreamed of M&M's that night!
Delicious and worth the visit. Stopped in on a Wednesday, with the live jazz. Great time.
It's always just average. Good not great.
So impressed with their work! My carpets have never been so clean. They are so professional and work with my busy schedule. I highly recommend their services and will continue to use them in the future.
Great food and great service.\n\nGet the tortilla soup as it will flip your mind on what tortilla soup should actually be like.\n\nAlso, blue corn pancake with bbq duck is great!
The drinks are so weak here that I had to order a vodka shot to put in my vodka martini and a whiskey shot to put in my whiskey sour. It tasted like water before. Any liquor drinks taste like watered down juice. And they aren't cheap drinks, so that's ridiculous. The food is good though.
Eh. The food isn't so great here. I like the combo of corn and flour tortilla chips, but that's about it. It's a fun place, but I wouldn't ever choose to go here.
The food is healthy and place is clean. I always order the special of the day, as it is fresh and filling. I haven't taken my kids there but if the chance presents itself I definitely will. Staff is very friendly and helpful, definitely a family business.
Love it I received a coupon for a free burger It was marvelous darling just marvelous!!! With the carmelized onions and the sweet potato fries  ummm good
Clean, nice staff, decent menu.  They have daily specials and a good deal of parking behind the building, which is rare along Thomas.\n\nThey got us in and out fairly quickly, and the food was fresh and made the way you would expect.  \n\nNothing extraordinary, but a solid diner nonetheless.
Great food! Great service. Fun waitresses and bartenders. Management is friendly, attentive, and grateful for your business. Fun atmosphere. Definitely a place to check out.
Great Bar Area, You can see every TV screen from wherever you sit. Lively crowd, late night.
dark and gloomy, this bar had a bunch of old drunks and meth heads in it.....  TERRIBLE
Average.... the food was ok. The price was high for quality. Don't think we would go back. \n\nService was good. Drinks were good. Music on the patio was not so good, you could hear the mall music and the live band.
Corny? Sometimes. Unexpected? YES! Hilarious? Verymuchso.
I really wish I could like this place because the people were really nice but the food was AWFUL.  Literally lost my lunch, if you know what I mean.  Nuff said.
Went in to order something they show on their online menu only to have them tell me that they no longer make that item. Hmmmmm. Not impressed on previous visits either. Won't be back.
I stopped by this little restaurant one day and I read the menu that was hanging in the window. That is when I noticed cockroach crawling out from behind it. Needless to say, I was so disgusted, I did not order any food. Truly gross :(
Dry burger with very little toppings. 1 slice of tomato, 1 leaf of lettuce, 1 ring of onion, and a dab of mayo and ketchup. I'll find a different Wendy's next time.
If you like the Beatles and enjoy Cirque du Soleil performances, then The Beatles LOVE is one of the best shows you will see in Las Vegas.
I think this place has shut down. No answer on the phone number, and no answer on the website number either. \n\nShame.
One of the best burgers in charlotte. Just wish they had reservations so I didn't have to wait in line for an hour.
If your going to hooters for food awful worst service however if your going for hooters
Sadly, the menu does not compare to the flagship LA location. Secondly, the chili was thick to a point that it was separating in clumps. LA trumps LV. Tasty, but LA quality was definitely not there.\n\nEnough said.
Used him a few months ago to clean out an outside drain..cost $120.  Scheduling was fast and he showed up on time.
I have a few mid priced watches ($3,000.00 to $5,000.00) and wanted to see some high priced exclusive ones. I was impressed with the sales person's knowledge and he was very helpful. I did not buy but will and I will buy at Tourneau.
Jodi Lynn is awesome! During our newborn pictures she was so patient and got the most amazing pictures. You can tell she loves what she does, and she's so good at it!
Great Mexican Food, I had 2 tacos w rice and beans yum. My friend had a chimi. We both loved our food and it was nice that they kept the food traditional. They have have great guacamole. The service was friendly and they did a good job. You can tell they appreciate your business.
Visited friend John Mo in Pittsburgh for one night and he brought me here...great move. Big fatty sandwich but really really delicious.
Hummus plate is outstanding.  Tried the Anniversary Ale in a pint glass.  It is solid.
Overpriced and out of almost everything I ordered. Why didn't I just leave? Oh that is right, I was too lazy to leave Fremont. Face. Palm.
Since I was at Lake Las Vegas I was planning on some premium pizza.  Don't get me wrong my calzone was good and filling but I just expected more from the location and the price I paid.  It was also probably one of the cheaper places to eat there so I probably just should have went to a fancier spot
Food was decent, but the service was simply awful.  Our waiter literally left us feeling like we were intruding on his evening.  Seriously?!\n\nFor the service alone, I would not go back.
Came to Eat. for the time today. Best damn Corned Beef Hash I ever had!!! No beignets though, sad :-( Great atmosphere, service was great!!
Incredible buffet! It's pretty pricy for each person but completely worth it. There is a wide variety of food including desserts and    anything you can imagine! The decor is wonderful and it was just a great experience! The food was outstanding! It's a must to come to the buffet!
Had dinner here a couple days ago. It was OK, but maybe a little soggy. Two sandwich meal deals was almost $18. Feels a little pricey to me. Overall not bad, but I probably won't be a regular.
What the hell happened here?? The service is slow, food is mediocre, quality is slipping, dining area is dirty and decrepit... This used to be an inexpensive alternative to PF Changs.. Now it's a half step above Denny's. You're off your game BIG TIME.
Pretty decent car wash for the price.  They were happy to go back over a couple of places that they missed on my car.
This place is great! The atmosphere, the food, and the service is excellent! The hummuses and dips are to die for, and their entrees are even better! The owner is such a nice man and it's great to know that you can buy his hummus and dips locally at grocery stores. Highly recommend!!
The store had expectable service and a decent stock of tools.I had a small project in my studio that was taking place just last month and they had the right stuff.This particular shop is good stuff.
I only had great experience with CAC so far (unlike yellow cab, who are forgetting sometimes what customer service is). Mainly use it to go to the airport, they always show up no later than 15 min after the call. In a word, fast, friendly and very reliable!
Used to love this place and it's typically a stop for us when we visit Phoenix, but it's really gone downhill in the last few years. The service was pretty poor, there was an obvious lack of management, and the quality of food was below average.
Love their cheeseburger, can tell it's real meat no 90% fillers! Hotcakes, real maple syrup and best bacon ever! Do expect about 1 to 1hr1/2 wait but totally worth it!
This is the best pizza I have had in the valley yet, plenty of cheese sauce and toppings. I will be returning.
I am not a big fan of sushi. There food is okay here I will only go if my friends are going but the service is so so bad. If it weren't for my friends I would never go there again.
Had a house salad, prosciutto pizza, glass of Malbec.  Delightful way to end a busy week.  The house salad was one of the better house salads I've ever had - very well-dressed and I loved the kalamata olives.  Good stuff, i would definitely come back here.
Really wish they would mix up my green tea latte. Seeing bits of green on the sides plus a line of green powder on the bottom & getting chunks thru my straw was not my best Starbucks experience
Excellent brewpub, with a wide selection. The food is also tasty and the prices are very reasonable. Would recommend to anyone that likes beer!
This beautiful spa in the Palazzo/Venetian is one of the nicest anywhere. I scheduled a 50 minute deep tissue massage and it was the best I've ever had.  Pretty expensive but well worth it.
Good thing our sever is nice! The guy seating people at the front door is an Ass!!! Not that many people and all we asked was to sit outside. No need to be rude.
Dependable. Ask the friendly servers for recommendations. You could do way worse in Oakland. Try the roasted root salad!
Very good service and very good views but when I was eating there roaches in the wall the employes new what we were looking at so they gave us free desert and appetizers but they didn't mention the roaches who knows if there was insects in my food
ahhhhh why does everyone where this cheap crap? Now my daughter wants to wear it. This is outsoursing at it's worse. It barely makes it through the wash.
Airport bars are crazy, Not bad but the service was not great. I ordered IPA and enjoyed people watching but I was no offered another and I was handed my check before I was  ready to leave. \n\nI love to drink but not in a rush.
Doesn't get any better than this butcher shop/restaurant. Fresh dishes with great flavors. A small, stylish, BYOB place. A well kept secret that should become more popular with word of mouth.
Pretty good food but cramped and loud atmosphere.
The tech Chris is extremely helpful. He is the main reason why I come back to the store. He is very knowledgeable and takes time to explain issues.  Wish there were more helpful people like Chris
The food here is OK compared to many other Thai places you can go in the area. The majority of the people I know who go here like the eye candy more than the stuff on the plate. Overall, I can't complain, the service at lunch was quick and consistent. And that's all I can really say about this restaurant.
Not sure why this place rated as expensive... average price is about  $6. Staff were  friendly and food was made fresh. Will definitely be coming back
The place *looked* nice, the haggis *tasted* good--but my girlfriend and I both had food poisoning (immediately) afterwards. Made our last night in Scotland a pretty unpleasant experience. Cannot recommend.
Carnitas are not carnitas. The coca cola ones were ribs in a sweet sauce like bbq and the regular ones were ribs with salty sauce. Beans were great so were the homemade flour tortillas. They need to learn to make carnitas estilo michuacan
This place is fun! The concept is cute! Food is average and reasonably priced. Gift shop is full of fun goodies and clothes!\n\nFun gimmick-y place- maybe overall a lil overrated- but worth a visit!
Restaurant is nice, and service ok.\nAs a meat lover I never tasted anything that horrible as their prime rib cowboy entree serving.\nChoose another restaurant !!\nPaul
Chicken taco's are the BOMB! BOOM... Good flavor, value and clean! Passes my test for semi fast food.
Strong beers and big burgers.  Love \"The Bratzel\"  a burger topped with a brat.  Be sure to try it with the pretzel bun!
Our server Amanda was awesome with her suggestions and service! Would go here again in a heart beat!
Great food. I love sitting at the bar. I usually get a pizza. Lots of choices and I've never had anything bad.
Katie is amazing!!! Very knowledgable and helpful. Logan does an awesome trigger point \"massage\" and definitely knows his stuff.
Not a fan !!! Just another company with a fancy slogan and web page !! If u have little projects it's kind of a waste of their time , is exactaly how they made me feel ! We will see if they pay attention enough to get the job done right .....
A valve on my sprinkler system went out, they came out and had it fixed within 30 minutes. Reasonably priced, I recommend and will use them again if the need arises.
Wow wow wow!  Ronin burger + salt pepper fries = yum in your face!! Mmmmm!
Waited in line for twenty minuets while the lady's behind the counter talked and giggled. I was the only in line and I wasn't even given the courtesy of eye contact. I took my money and left and won't be back.
I had an amazing experienced at Franco's! Service was impeccable, food was so delicious and timed perfectly. The prices were also very reasonable! I'll be back for sure! So many other things to try on the menu!!
Good food.  Service was a little slow.
I ordered a ravioli dinner and it was good.  But my husband and daughter got the chicken alfredo and I think the just put sweet corn sauce on the noodles and no alfredo sauce . They couldn't even eat it. $50 delivery down the toilet . Will never order from here again .
I like that this library has flexible hours. Other libraries in the Mecklenburg county are usually closed on Thursdays and Sundays which can be an inconvenience. There is an extensive children's book section but I wish the play area was bigger. Other that my visit went smoothly and i'll be back.
I bet a baby diaper that has been defecated in tastes better than this frozen food crap.
Pretty good! Found another Thai place we like better pretty close by though.
I only tried the bacon and cheddar croissant because it was all I needed the morning after a night out in Vegas. Its a casual, order at the counter kind of place and it has an Italian bakery feel. And its pretty much the only thing open in New York New York at 8 AM.
I love that everything here is so cheap in bulk. My only complaint is that they have far less items then you would see at a grocery store.
Good quality food, some unique choices, great pickels and the cookies are awesome.\n\nNot a great value, they are quite expensive and the sides - extremely small.
One of the few places I recommend in Phoenix. The delux burger here is just WONDERFUL! Another GR8 thing about Delux is that the place is open daily till 2 AM! Perfect 4 after a concert or other late night outing.
I work next door and sometimes I grab a little something for lunch.  Food is always fresh and nice.  Always super clean .\nThe staff is friendly and pleasant. Great sandwiches.
Small hole-in-the-wall place.\nTo make this review short, food was great. \n\nEnvironment was pleasant. Service was a bit slow and confused. constantly felt like they were forgetting about you. Or sometimes straight up put you on the backburner.
This place is dirty. Sticky tables all around, not the best quality food either.\nGo 3 miles down to Panna Thai for some real nice food.
Simple bolt replacement on a wheel. Told me it would be done in two hours. Two hours later they just got around to starting. Am hour further and still not done. Not coming back here.
Thank you Paul, Clint, and Bell/Presidential transportation for a wonderful weekend...we had all instant access at the Palms nightclubs and Ceasars Pure night club...your services made our 30th birthday celebration amazing!!!! I also enjoyed the VIP amenities we received for our airport transport and hour long tour.
Food is just okay. Ordered tofu with shredded beef. Beef is just too thick and not tender enough to chow. Spicy broth is just so so.
Great place!  I was here for work and it was next door to my hotel.  It was high quality diner food with some fancy twists.  The sausage and eggs were good and the French toast was outstanding.  I will return any time I am in Phoenix.
The Fountains at Bellagio are one of the most beautiful sights/sounds in the world! Whenever I'm in Vegas I make sure to book a hotel room with a front row view of the fountains! It's nonstop entertainment from my hotel room almost 24 hours a day.
I came here almost a year ago but never wrote a review. This place serves hot, fresh food. They grow the food on the land behind the restaurant. It was so good that I went back multiple times to try different items on the menu. It's a bit of a drive from Tempe but I think it's worth the drive.
Had a lovely lunch today at Ilion today. Unfortunately they were out of lamb, but the salad and pizza were perfectly prepared. Service was excellent also. I'll be back.
Been here twice, love the smoothies! and the breakfast waffles are great but the best part is you can customize anything and that's really helpful if you are on a certain diet. The staff is super cool and friendly.
This was a good experience.
If you like nachos with cheese whiz, this is your place.  We ordered the meat nachos and they didn't even have meat.  Go anywhere else.
Do no stay here if you plan to sleep before 2:30 AM. They could not care less that there is a very loud bar directly across the street. If loudness doesn't bother you than this place is fine.
Good god this is the worst hotel I've ever stayed at.  The rooms smell bad and are humid but cold (odd I know).  I don't trust the food one bit.  The swimming pool, though expansive, is dirty and smells bad.  I found bandaids all over the pool area (gross; seriously gross).
I love the burrito bowls. I enjoy the service they are fast and on the go.
Love this place!! Not too pricey and so much food. Tacos are amazing and they make the guacamole in front of you.
The food here is soooooooo FUCKN GROSS NOW!!! Don't eat here... The chef SUCKX
Very few plates with shrimp. . Small shrimp. ..  great people thought. ..  The rise noodles are soo good. ..  good prices for the food. . They do have a lot of chicken dishes that are pretty good. But I prefer shrimp over any other meet.
Seriously,  this place is awesome. I feel very comfortable here thanks to the employees & just the general public that go here. It's nice to be amongst nerds
I think this store is closed. I drove all around the shopping complex and could not find it. Called the number and it was disconnected. Bummer because I was looking for some Christmas gifts.
I absolutely LOVE this place!  So many fun and unique items.  Great place to buy some pretty awesome gifts or treat yourself to something nice!
Delicious! ordered two steak frites, one with filet and both with Bearnaise sauce. The star should be the steak which was good but man I loved all the frites! I ordered my filet medium rare and I may just be being picky but it was more on the rare side. I still loved it either way!
Good food, reasonable prices, ok atmosphere, but very rude employees who act like they are doing you a favor....except for the one guy at the register.
So dirty!!! Hair in our food three visits in a row and everything you order is saturated and butter or oil. No thank you! Especially not with Snooze, Luci's  and Daily Dose so close. Time to revamp!!
One class and already a big fan. Instructors are awesome, studio is clean and the variety of classes rocks.
What's there not to like about this place. The sushi is amazing and the service is great. The atmosphere at the sushi bar is always fun... and the beautiful crowd helps too! ;)
Stopped in for breakfast. Ordered a coffee and a Taylor ham and egg.  The Blueberry scone was wonderful. I will go back when I am in town again.
I will run in here for milk and bread now...but not much of anything else. I have purchased two packs of rotten meat and the butchers have no clue. They are not at all helpful and it looks dirty.\n\nI can not waste my money here anymore.
Stayed here for a wedding.  Wasnt bad for the price and workers were very nice.  Close to the strip to walk to and the Marilyns Cafe had a good breakfest.  But probably wouldnt stay here again just because there are so many other hotels to stay at.  But overall was ok for what we paid for.
Incredible burgers and $5 mimosas/bloody Mary's every day! One of the best deals in Vegas.\n\nSliders were good, needed a little seasoning though. BBQ bacon burger was enough for 2 people!
Well located, clean hotel with friendly staff. Parking available for about $20 a day, and there's a nice, warm little outside pool worth visiting. If you get a good deal it's a great option.
I'm reviewing this based on the dog run. Worst I've ever been too. As already said, it's dirt and no watering spots inside the park. Also the fence is quite low so if you have a big dog, beware. It could also use a cleaning and respectful patrons.
Lunch special soup tasted like diluted fish sauce. The  pad Thai is just noodles with peanuts and hardly any bean sprouts--very watery and tasteless.
We were here with a group of 4 people yesterday and all of us got the worst food poisoning ever. Everyone woke up with a fever, in pain and everything else that comes with food poisoning. Will be going to the ER shortly to figure out what kinda infected stuff they serve here.
Good job Phoenix you made something that sucks worse then the Arizona Center!
Terrible food and service. Every dish was disgusting and the staff ignored us continuously.
We had lunch there today during the kite festival in fountain park. I purchased the sliders and they were terrible. Processed hamburger patties. The cheese was a blob. Never again until they get new ownership, which happens fairly often in this location. Sad for such a nice area.
Stopped by to check out this place and loved it.  Even though we visited a few months ago when it was very new, the service and food were excellent.  Wonderful outdoor area with lots of comfortable furniture.  I'll be back with more friends.
Yes, yelp. This is \"as good as it gets.\" Everything about TJ is awesome!
Took forever to get drinks here.   Got my girlfriend a sex on the beach which was made incredibly weak and cost $10.50   \n\nGot myself a $3 (cheapest beer there) 16 oz. can of Miller Lite and it was WARM.  \n\nWon't be buying drinks here again.
This place is right around the corner from us. We had a gathering of friends over so gave it a shot. Ordered 4 pies and they all hit the spot perfect. Everything was fresh and tasty. We will be using this place allot.
Best philly cheese steak I have come across in Charlotte. If you want an easy, delicious sub, this is the place to go.
Was hoping to have a four star experience. Service was good but food left us wanting. No real taste and most was overlooked. Not bad but not good either
I love the Ohio.  It's the kind of hellhole where you can watch a prostitute sing \"like a virgin\" on karaoke night, and see old dudes in satin jackets with bar logos on them get in fights.\n\nClassy.
Best Macy's in town !!!! Good sales and deals clean New store. Friendly staff. Couldn't ask for more. We definitely needed a Macy's on this part of town. Fashion show mall Macy's is super overpriced.
had dinner on fri night   48  bucks it was ok but not great
Stopped here for dinner the other night while I was in Scottsdale.  I ordered the meatloaf, which came with mashed potatoes and gravy and green beans.  The meatloaf was tender and had great flavor.  It was the right amount of food and I'd order it again in a heartbeat.  Another solid meal.
Weird place to say the least.  Half of the place is nice wine tasting look and the other half is california beach look.  Menu is the same with hot dogs and burgers for $4.00 then lobster tails.  Slow service but ok for what you are paying if you want a cheap meal.
Hit or miss with food...  The drinks can be the same way.  The turkey burger is excellent, the ahi tuna sliders are great!  Service is decent, the crowd is mixed.  Certainly a bit overpriced at 50$ for lunch for 2.
Everything on the menu has been a must eat so far! Love their curry chicken and fish with Saigon special sauce. Spicy basil chicken and teriyaki chicken is good too. A must go place if you are in Chandler.
Terrible customer service: bouncer was completely disrespectful to my girlfriend and I. Only giving them one star because I am obliged to leave one at all.
ummm greasy food heavy cream makes for a not so fab body to lay out near the pool.  french food buffet style just isnt a good idea.  definitely not as good as the Bellagio buffet and variety and space is lacking as well.
Took my car twice in one day for two different issues (not Firestone's fault). Both times Scott was awesome! He went above and beyond to help me. This location has the best techs and service! I would recommend this Firestone to anyone who asks.
Found this by accident and all I have to say is WOW!! You will not be disappointed!
This mall is just ok. It's very easy to run in and just pick something up though. It's closer to my house then any other which makes convenient. Some of the stores though are in need of updates
The food at Oak's is great.  Love the pancakes and the hash brown potatoes,the eggs are good too.  Service is fine. The only bad thing is that the coffee tastes like hot water.   If the coffee had been good I would have given them 4 stars.
I love this place... love the mango berries salad... Avocado crab sandwich... there's always a line so I try to go after 2pm... seriously the line is too long during lunch rush hours.
Back again! Great as usual! We will be returning regulars to this place!
This is the by far the best place I've ever gone for glasses and I've had glasses since kindergarten. The employees are friendly and always willing to go the extra mile. I'll probably continue to go here for years to come. Best customer service out there and they always have the most amazing frames!
No way.... terrible.  I never return to a place where mgmt yells at staff in front of customers. Salad is a joke.
One of my favorite views of Pittsburgh, and a great place to watch the fireworks on the 4th of July!
Right next to campus and a great place to get away when you are tired of the Dining Commons.
I have to say the service here is superb and keeps me coming back for more. If you enjoy great beer and good food you will love this place.  The environment is upbeat and lively.  If you're not a fan of noise though might not be the place for you, personally I love it
Good God. This place is heaven. Amazing food and exceptional customer service. After every visit to Stephano's, I suffer from post-Stephano's depression. Sometimes in the middle of the night I find myself craving those french fries....
Food was good, not excellent. Prices seem high for the quantity and quality you get. The bar and wait staff could all really use a lesson on wine - I believe I overheard 4 staff persons who could not respond on their own to questions about wine. Fun atmosphere and decor.
Not as good as the Golden Palace Buffet in Oakland on Forbes Ave. \nApparently owned by same family .  Downtown location has sloppy-er presented/made food .  They used to have fried chicken but have gotten stingy and no longer do .
I work near this place so occasionally i'll hop in for lunch.  the lunch specials have a good price and IMO, a good amount of food.  The service has always been quick/attentive and I'm kinda surprised to see so many negative reviews.
i finally was able to get hot food here. for this alone i am happy. oh, the hummus is excellent and so are the drinks.
REALLY good. If their guacamole was as good as Chipotle's they would be five stars for sure
Bought my Rolex GMT here but sadly they are not authorized rolex dealers anymore since they started selling Omega and Tudor. Now I have to go to Ceasar's palace to check out new Rolex models. Very nice people. Just had my Omega sea master links fixed here.
Do not eat the fruit.  First time I found a hair.  Second time I found a beatle.  There won't be a third time.
Always great atmosphere. Service is quick and friendly.  Extra large portions on everything.
This place is dirty, and stinky, like wet mop and sewer. Ordered the spring rolls, they were ok, i guess nothing memorable. And i also ordered the beef Pho. It came out fast, but also forgettable.
I wasnt thrilled with the taste of the food compared to how pricy it is. I would have enjoyed a juicy steak somewhere else. However i do like the romance of fondue
They have good food. Showed up an hour before closed. Had to wait forever even when nobody else was in the restraunt.
Once a year I look forward to my lunch at this wonderful little place. Thank you for such delicious and nutritious food.
Best sports bar food in the west valley\nExcellent pizza and wings\nGreat drink specials after traditional happy hour times :)\nOur waiter Jordan was terrific !
Avg food, mediocre service. Does have good beers.  For all the beers they have staff should be more knowledgeable.
So sad that this place has gone downhill. We have loved this place since it's opening. However, now that management has changed, the food has gotten pricey, the service lazy, and the wine mediocre.
If you are a burrito eater this is a good place. Try their carnitas (pork meat) that is a good option. I enjoy their burrito salad (no big complication). The best they have is their decoration. Good for Mexican food beginners but not good if you long a real taco.
Steak Frites is a great bring your own wine restaurant. I love the side dish of thinly sliced French fries. It is classy and casual all at the same time. The ambiance is nice. The service is fast. The food is great love the grilled salmon.
Idiots can't even do a simple delivery. Lost my business and future business. They juggle me around from one location to another. Ended up not getting food. Thx
Just picked up some dog food, burgers and chicken - they were pretty busy (due to the Saturday BBQ special), but we were helped right away, got great service and were on our way.
Service: excellent\nBeer selection:  not bad\nFood:  guacamole great, burro ok\nAmbiance:  good\nSalsa:  spicy
VERY SMALL PORTIONS FOR THE PRICE....I will not be back.\nI  truly miss Siruchi's
No impressed whatsoever. Went on Mother's Day. Paid $7 for some flavored champagne. Food was overpriced. Should have stayed close to home instead of driving 45+ minutes away for this \"experience.\"
After receiving mixed reviews on Facebook, I decided to see for myself. They did a great job. It was clean and professional.  Prices are the same as \"down the hill\"...for acrylic gel. I will return for sure.
Wish I'd read some previous reviews before I went here. If there isn't an event in the area go someplace else. Food was OK. If you want dinner in an empty warehouse this is the place to go. Service was OK but not great.
I love you 5 guys. Best hangover saturday meal.
I wish No star was an option.  This place was clueless.  No customer service and my order was wrong on two counts and neither could be fixed by associate at the register or the so- called manager.  Papa Johns is by far a better option if you want this type of fast food pizza and feeding around 10 teenage boys for a reasonable price.
This is a good little sub place. It's not up there with Capriottis or PotBelly but it's definitely better than Subway and places like Cousins. It's in a weird little shopping mall next to big lots and a dollar store but it has good value for a clean, basic sandwich.
2 stars for the lack of customer service. Visited this location twice and received the same snooty idc attitude from an Asian woman with the mustache. I suggest you shop with anyone else but this individual.
Need some new help. The older guys working there are very rude. I played this month and two guys that worked part time just got off working and jumped in front of us. Then to cap it off one guy had is dog with him on the cart and let him run around while he putting.
Had the BBQ salmon and it was to die for.  Great place to eat when nothing sounds good because the selection is immense.
This KFC is really slow you have to wait in long time in line before they actually ask if they can help, before you taken order, The portion size seem to be a lot smaller I don't know what's going on here so attempt with caution the tables are always sticky and the floor is always dirty.
Hotel experience was the worst! They started extremely loud construction at 10am on a Sunday. When we called the front desk to complain, they told us that's just the way it is. They wouldn't let us check in an hour early, which is understandable, but that was a first for me. They should discount the rooms during construction!
Always wanted to stop here! Great place if your young, and looking get yourself into a little trouble if ya know what I mean! The Maloofs really know how to throw a party that goes to all hours of the morning.
Great happy hour prices on weekdays and friendly staff. Food is what you'd expect from an Applebee's.
Overall it was nice.  The restaurant area downstairs provided a nice, cozy and relatively quiet area to eat and talk.  the service was quick and the food decent.  i ate here for lunch, to the portion sizes for the price were good too.
You can add The White Wine Sangria and Del Mar Salad to the list of awesome food here. Can't wait to come here for brunch on Saturday for $12 unlimited mimosas!!!!!
I have been going here for the burgers since I was a kid. But this year I found my favorite Steak 'n Shake milkshake (you know, for now...). I can't believe it has taken me this long to find the Peanut Butter Banana Milkshake.
Authentic Mexican food. Good ambiance with splendid service! The nachos are made in the restaurant.  Three salsa sauces ranged from mild to spicy.  The entrees we chose were a one!
Had lunch there today with my family.  Great food, big portions, and friendly staff
Shay did a good job on my pre natel massage. I didn't realize this at the time but she put a lot of lotion on me that I had to take two showers to take it off and I still feel like I have it on.
Started with breakfast, great meal and drinks to get the day rolling. Spent the evening at the outdoor cantina and the bartenders mixed us some heavenly drinks. All the staff were gorgeous that we could see... Going back tomorrow ( well really today )
Excellent Brazilian! I admit that I was a bit hesitant about seeing a male aesthetician, but Dale immediately put me at ease and treated me with as much, if not more, professionalism than some females that I have seen for the same service. The appointment was not rushed and the end result is fantastic. I look forward to going back next month.
Came here to see about macaroons and they had a different kind not exactly what I had in mind but overall I love that it's a family owned place and they had plenty of desserts but I end up buying the Mexican cookies they were pretty light and good till I got to the nuts they had a distinct taste no to my tasting
It does the job.... not great not bad
Sadly Z Pizza is currently the best slice in downtown. It's \"just fine\" pizza and they have reasonably priced daily slice specials.\n\nTake note: This place gets some serious lines during the weekday lunch periods (proof enough these are the best slices in the vicinity).
Good food by any standard.  Fresh, tasty, amazing soups on a cold Pittsburgh day.  Just don't go too late.
This is one of the smallest Zehrs in the region but it has everything most customers wouldl want.  Great selection in the natural foods section.  Only missing department is Joe Fresh but there is no room for them.  If you're a fan of JF check out the Superstore on Highland or Stanley Park Mall Zehrs.
Best Persian food. Fresh bread and sabzi. Huge portions. Delicious rice ( Lubia polo and zereshk polo) and delicious kabob. Quick service.\n5 days in Arizona, ate there twice.
Usually this place is good. My wife found a long black hair in her ranch dressing and not only did they not comp the meal my wife was unable to eat but we didn't get so much as an apology. Probably won't be back.  Service was poor considering there weren't that many costumers.
Not bad, not outstanding. If I was staying there I'd eat there again. I wouldn't drive far to sample the place. But if you're close it will do!\n\nDecor is really cheesy, like I'm on a cruise ship cheesy.
It's not a bad place if you hate money and like leaving restaurants still hungry. I never need to bother eating here again.
Love this place! \nFood is fantastic, service is very friendly, and it's reasonably priced.\nThe red wine gravy is to die for!
Good food\nPerfect portion size\nBit expensive since salad isn't included in price
Good food, usually very fast, and a convenient location. I definitely recommend if you are looking for fast food
Nice place, and nice sweet pastries, coffee, tea and scones.\n\nMore trendy/updated than classic.\n\nBeen here twice, but i rather prefer Peters Yard
Hookah is good but takes a bit for service. It took awhile to get service outside for Hookah.  Once it came service improved as they checked in frequently.
The humans are great to me. And my canine buddies and I have a blast. I can't wait until my owners go on their next trip!
Good burgers and fries. Better than fast food. I forgot how good the burgers were here.
Great drinks and a family owned business. Stayed till close and everyone was hospitable. Pizza was pretty good. Small bar and everyone knows everyone. Wonderful experience.
It was an ok restaurant, but the service wasn't that great, they didn't pay attention to the customers and one of their machines is broken... which was supposedly also broken in another review.
There is no place I would trust more with my best buddy. They take amazing care of her and love her like their own!
The best thing I can say about this hotel is that the staff was friendly. The hotel room wreaked of cigarette smoke and looked like there had been a bar fight resulting in a hole in the bathroom door. The breakfast provided was mediocre.
Forget jamba juice this place is better
My new favourite BBQ joint in Montreal. Their ribs and brisket just melt in your mouth! Oh, and make sure you try the deep-fried mac&cheese bites, they give a whole new meaning to southern comfort food.
I have had a really bad experience with them as well.  The woman who I spoke with tried to bully me by yelling and talking over me while I was trying to explain the issues I was having with the product and what was being billed to my insurance company.  She hung up on me as well.
Great service, strong knowledge of the 40+ craft brews on tap. Music slightly overbearing and trending toward trance/house at times for a bar that feels like it should be kings of Leon, etc.
Very quiet place and the food is healthy, tasty and fresh.  \n\nI saw a bunch of music videos on the TV while I ate, and I don't think any of the music was in english, but I am still curious to hear the songs anyway.
Mediocre mexican cuisine..mediocre service..severely watered down cocktails..I would have been happier at a filli b's drive thru..this place definitely did not live up to its hype...authentic mexican cuisine by no means..severely disappointing.
This hotel is nice and not as busy as the major strip casinos but it was friendly and happy! I liked going here!
Not the biggest Ramen fan but this place is really good! My son had a pork belly bowl he loved it!
Food is way to greasy for me. But if you like deep fried junk food this is the place for you.
I will not be using their service any longer. They are fast but just barely acceptable service. My dress still had a spot with birthday cake frosting on it. Unreal. I didn't notice it until packing it for a morning flight. There must be other places that can do better!
Place was great! Food and service were solid. Good portions and authentic items, too. It's worth the drive if it's out of the way for you or if you're in the area.
Everytime I come here some \"customer\" is always running out this store with a unpaid item.
I really like the taste and smell is good, I got some deference kinds. I love them all but few times after I didn't know why is so sweet. And the price is a little hight to compare to Starbucks and others. But and my HUD love it so much!!!!
Happy Hours, very busy, but staffs there are great, and friendly.
I'm going to give this place 5 stars only because I feel bad I kinda threw up on their floor... \n\nI'm really sorry, Jimmy. I was really trashed!!
Try the smoothies, they are freshly made and delicious! Also for Breakfast, order the Melrose Ave wrap with scrambled egg whites, turkey bacon and whole wheat tortilla... Add the Gouda cheese to this delightful meal!
They are CLOSED-I went by there yesterday
Service was not good. Food average. Margaritas nothing special. Ew.
Good but not great. A bit icy. I like a creamier version.
Great atmosphere but the food and drinks are overpriced for what they are.
Food was good, unfortunately, many in my party was not feeling good the next day.  Not accusing this place of food poisoning, but it did have a negative affect on most of us that ate there.
This place is a nice pit stop when parading through the maze of retail that is the Grand Canal Shoppes. Stella on tap, and obviously wine and cocktails aplenty. It's a relaxing environment that is poised for good people watching.
average food. has a few items rarely found in Canada which is good
If you want a great cheeseburger, this is the place! Everything is freshly made, and their sauce takes it from ordinary to extaordinary.
Had a great experience at this Kentucky Fried Chicken.  This place always seems to be same no matter what franchise.  Staff was good
I had a maple cronut plus a scoop of eis cream...absolutely wonderful!\n\nEveryone should give this beautiful place a try.
The car wash itself is ok, but the hard core up-selling of detailing & oil changes leaves me irritated & exhausted from saying \"no\" several times. I don't think I can go through it again, even tho I actually like the wash itself. Too bad.
This is my go-to place for chinese takeout.  Wonton soup is a must, and the kung pao chicken and mongolian beef are great as well!
Brand new Del Taco location up in Centennial Hills just off 95 and Durango. Open 24-hours like other locations. Pretty good service and consistent food, always know what to expect from Del Taco. This location is often not quite as busy as the one in Centennial Center, nice to have an option.
Horrible service. No one had any idea what was going on. Overpriced. Everything took FOREVER to come out. Will definitely not return.
Nice place with friendly staff but not worth the $230 a night price, hot tub was broken both days so they lost a star. Free coffee and infused water in the lobby were nice.
Clean, nice park. Great for walks and workouts. Nice and quiet and not over packed each time ive been here.
It is big.  It is in Las Vegas.  It is a convention center.  They have conventions there.\n\n'Nuff said.
This fish and chip shop is located in bruntsfield.It has great chippys and battered food to take away.You can also sit in as it has a few seats at the window.
Yuck! This place is all about presentation. The food taste horrible . And expensive. This is by far the worst Vegas eatery that i've ever experienced. The only thing I liked was the bread serve before the meal. \n\nMesa you suck!
Maybe 4 stars for Pittsburgh.  Hit or miss on the main courses - I like the green sauce on seafood. But the flan never failed me and the whole show is pretty entertaining.  Stil, miss I. and Jenn pretty much sum it's low points . . .
Good soy latte, bad blueberry scone. Latte was smooth & had the perfect combo of soy milk. The blueberry scone was dry and lacked flavor.  Also wasn't a fan of the sugar on top, graininess is never a good taste.
It is my first time to Vegas and after a 48 hours flight from Indonesia you dont expect to be treated like shit by the black woman at the front desk. She really made our trip in pieces. She is so racist and her attitude towards us was beyond belief. Please somebody fire her. Thank you.
Bathroom in this place is disgusting. I went at 6 pm and they appeared to have not been cleaned for the day nor was there any toilet paper. Why would you ever buy food with a place with such a disgusting bathroom!!
Good food and vibe. A much needed addition to Arcadia!
Melinda's been keeping me, my girls, my sister, and mother-in-law looking cool for over a decade; her styles and ideas are always fresh, I won't go to anyone else!
Hated it! We went on a Friday night, definitely chose the wrong spot but we made a night out of it anyway!
Sarah is the best...I literally drive from russell and 215 just for her to do my eyebrows
Love the atmosphere.......... casual, dim lighting, great music.  \nWe had the Filet mignon with Asparagus. Spaghetti with meatballs. The house wine was flavorful.  \nThe service Superb.
Great choice if you want something not from a mega casino. The food was tasty and fresh and the staff was friendly. BTW - portions are huge!
Service was slow. Ordered seafood platter; some cold, some raw. Sent back and they just reheated the plates.  Not good value.
The petit filet lunch special is a great deal.  \n\nHowever, I came here to try the stone crab.  Served cold, lacks flavor, hard shell pieces a pain to pick out.\n\nNever again.\n\nDungeness is so much better.
Ok I love the entrees here. The scenery is really amazing at night or during the day. However my head couldn't deal with going around in circles. Lol.. But really romantic! Can be used for a great pick up line \"baby how would you like me to take you to the top of the world\" haha
Excellent burgers! Is a family favorite. one of the few places that I can take my picky teens two and both love the food. The staff is wonderful and service is always good. Ignore the low raters, they are haters. You will love this place.
Great comfort food...fun environment (loud).  Great frozen hot chocolate!  Good fried foods--don't expect to eat healthy here!  Expect a wait too.  Loud but fun.
Excellent BBQ, I don't know much about \"soul food\" but the beef BBQ ribs were awesome and served with Mac and cheese plus red beans. service was very fast and friendly. I love the EAT sign in front.
I used to go here twice a month! I Remember why. Not a fancy place, it's a diner. The food is big portion and big on taste! I'd recommend this place for sure.
This place is amazing!  Free tandori chicken, naan, and nice buffet options.  It doesnt get any better than this in AZ!
The service was ok. I came in with my family of 8 and unfortunately,  everyone is our party had an upset stomach from the tomato sauce in the dishes. Luckily,  I had the chicken which came with salad. That was delicious.  I recommend them if and only if you don't have anything with their tomato sauce.
used to be great, last two times went gone downhill..\n\nSad, as was one of my favorites.. Just so average
Well I have to give Blue Hound the fifth star for the service, atmosphere and of course the food.  We went with the chef's choice four course menu. Everything was perfect but I especially loved the double cut pork chop. Can't wait to return
Great show! The show was funny and very entertaining! There is a lot of comedy! Wonderful music! This is a perfect family show as well! :)
Paid $13 for a Reuben with a salad. It was okay. It did not make me want to go back. Next time I park in the schlotsky's I will go there as badly as I hate giving m money to chains.
wayyyy over rated. Just because they have had stars here they think its acceptable to charge evryone alot but not worth it. It was a beautiful club, ok music, house music, but I expected way more.
Amaaaaaaazinggggg!!! I could eat this every day for the rest of my life and be totally happy!
$1 drafts during Happy hour. Above average beer and above average Pizza. They have a slightly thicker crust, I like a thiner crust but it is still good.  Other food on the menu is not too bad either
Please do something about the night manager Malcolm. He is very rude. I had my foot on the chair and he rudely came over and told me to take my foot off. No personality at all. Everyone else here is great and the golden wings are too!!
Have been here several times, both for the lunch buffet and dinner. Service can be a little slow (generally a pretty quiet restaurant), but the people working there are more than polite. Overall, I think the food is very good -- especially like the chicken tandoori, butter chicken and the fresh-cooked naan.
Was super crowded.  HUGE portions, too much.  Salad overloaded with dressing. Sage fried chicken not so flavorful .
It is a good burger, but nothing so special about it.  It is just a very good home style burger.
Owner has reached out to me about our last visit . After being in biz for 13 years shows they still care , which is great to see . I would give them another shot as I was excited about their homemade pastas.
Terrible, told my brother he had 8 cavities and needed deep perio for ~ $1700. Ended up going to another dentist who charged 150 for the perio and said there were no cavities. Scammers!
Not bad, but I don't feel that they lived up to the reviews. Everything was fine....but not spectacular. I love salsa and they charge for extra \"to go\" salsa. :(
This place looks much better on the inside than out!  Good pizza (they offer pizza by the slice at lunch) but the menu is a bit over priced.   Pretty good TV coverage so it could be a decent watering hole in South Charlotte!  I'll be back...
Great little place! Had worlds largest Calzone that was also huge on taste. Good music, warm (it was freezing outside). We'll be back soon!
Pumpkin Spice Frappuccino! A great day gets better. Came here with my daughter. We both enjoyed really quick and friendly service from the staff. Nothing less than good 'ol starbucks.
Awesome pool but expensive drinks!
Nice but a bit bland- nothing overly exceptional about it. It's a standard hotel. A plus is the free wifi and the valet parking.
Shamus is great!  He's super knowledgable and took the time to teach us a ton of stuff.  He's also way cheaper than the big box stores.  Thanks Shamus!!
Got an Italian soda with vanilla syrup and cream.  It was ok.  I thought that they also sold bags of coffee.
Very unimpressed. Salad was stale and drenched with dressing, wings were gross. Not going back.
Un excelente hotel. Gran ubicaci\u00f3n y limpieza. Buena relaci\u00f3n costo-calidad. Falta wifi libre.
I like this place - nice assortment of stores/brands that will satisfy everyone on your shopping list.
always a favorite of mine and a must see in vegas...a great variety of stores that change occasionally and the associates are all very friendly....don't forget to take ur picture in front of the statues of gods
Ate here last night for Queens Feast.  I had the tuna carpaccio and the scallops. Yum. I would definately go here again. Very modern decor.
Good Hibachi, MaiTai was fantastic and the service was efficient and family friendly.  I normally go for grown and sexy but I was in for a different vibe.  My girlfriend and I had a baby with us and the environment was perfect for it.  Go early otherwise you may wait for a long time.
I was really excited to try this place but so disappointed once I did. Worst mac and cheese I had in a while. Chicken was very so-so. Nothing was on point. I don't get the hype over this place. Plus, it wasn't cheap.
The omelet bar rocks!
ugh. not sure they've updated anything since they opened. compared to many others on the strip, this is tired and below standard. at least its cheap.
Super cheap and by far the best Chinese food in Peoria or Glendale. Sketchy-ish strip mall, but totally worth it. The salt and pepper shrimp or emperors Chicken are a couple of my favorites.
Fast, friendly and efficient service...food was meh okay...place was pretty empty, we did have an early dinner tho... Had a brownie Sunday..they were kinda stingy on the ice cream...not the best but not the worst either...oh and creepy music playing in the background!
They were super friendly. We paid $45 for an upgraded pedicure and manicure. $55 for upgraded pedicure and a fill. They took their time and were really sweet.
Called to place a lunch order a month or two ago and they didn't have half of the food items advertised. Ended up canceling the order and heading elsewhere.
This place was awful.  They didn't bring my sides w my good and I asked them to take them off and they wouldn't.  Service was rude and fish mediocre
CLOSED?!?  We drove by the other day and the signs are gone and the parking lot was empty!!!!  What's up?  Their food was great.
2nd time here in a week  The Chencho Fries & a Double Cheese burger !!!!
Stayed here twice so far. this past experience was not as good as the first. I had some difficulty getting some necessities  they were a bit busy and I get it. The place had some nice amenities and was very comfortable. Overall this is a great hotel in a very busy area of the strip. Check out the volcano. Truly breathtaking
They wouldnt refill my cup of water! What place doesnt allow its customers to drink tap water? Such rude service
The Ruby Relaxer is delicious! and its only 5 dollars, All The Time! I thought my burger sould be seasoned better but i loved the endless fries and the sesame wings. Those were really good!
The food has gone really down hill. Order the lobster grilled cheese tasted like it was her cook on an old stove who's all around all the only redeeming qualities was the server very nice don't recommend you come here its too expensive for what you get
I would like this place more if I've never had Diddy Reise in Westwood.  But alas since I know what those taste like and I know part of their appeal is to be super cheap, then this version just seems like a glorified copy. They are tasty but the price is what keeps me from going so often.
I had the Greek salad pita it was fantastic.  I have to say that I was not a big fan of how large the cucumbers were sliced but that didn't take away from the flavor! The staff was very nice and the place is very clean!
Nice little store, friendly associates.
Great food, friendly service, awesome happy hour beer specials. Had the calzone, huge portion. Definitely suggest giving them a shot :)
Strange - I was kind of disappointed in this place. I appreciated that it was open on Sunday (this area is a ghost town on Sundays), but it was relatively empty and most of the stuff was not very interesting. I will come back soon. Maybe I just caught them at a bad time.
Had an amazing experience one of the best ways to start your birthday weekend! Wait wasn't vary long and the staff was very attentive but what really made our experience the best it could be was the employee Aaron(with the dreads) he went completely out of his way to make sure we had a great time and I really appreciated it.
The name describes the place.  Yes, there are some stuff that is funny and silly but mostly things I just wouldn't buy.  And I didn't.
I will definitely commend them on their delivery and food. The food arrived hot enough where it almost burned my hand taking it out of the bag and I am a good 10-15 drive from the restaurant. Delivery man was very nice and the food was great like always.
Took forever. Went through the drive through and ended up turning off my car after waiting for 7 minutes for one person ahead of me to get their food. Then waited another 9 minutes to get mine....horrible service. Ok food.
The Market Meals are no longer $5! Imagine my disappointment :(
Sorry to say but not good , went for dinner has pad Thai and could barely eat it.\n\nGo to Naga if wanting good local Thai.
Probably the worst sushi place I've been to in Vegas we probably ordered like 8 different rolls and everything they brought us was crab mix with avocado and eel sauce on top ? Every roll ! And they were really rude, terrible customer service I will never go back especially when goyemon is right down the street and way better.
It's one of those weird stores that has a little bit of everything that you need.  I needed beef jerky and a sewing kit.  I got both.
First visit to Capriotti's, but I've gotta say, I was pretty impressed with their sandwich.  I had a Cheese Steak, with American cheese and asked for hot peppers. It was very good.  Loved the roll; nice and fresh. I'll be going back to try some more of their offerings.
The bun could have been better for the bun for my hotdog- the planet Hollywood- was soggy and had a bad texture to it. The price could have been better too but that's what you expect I guess with all the foods at the Vegas strip. Other than that, it was absolutely delicious. Would recommend!
I usually do not eat a lot of Mexican food.  I went to Cabo's for a Meetup.  The food was actually quite good.  I had the chicken pollo .......  I may return some time in the future for lunch.
The rooms are awesome but I woke up to the smell of hot Dogs coming from outside. YUCK!!! So gross!
I ran into the owner today. They have been closed for 2 years. What a shame.
Las Vegas hidden gem... great place to stay.
Great service from Allegra.  Had the grilled Fish Tacos and it was perfect for lunch!
Very very bad service. Only 4 tables to serve but yet waitress Karen didn't refill my coffee or water gave my bill to the customer behind me. Even the gentleman had to ask another waiter for more refill. Oh and when my coffee was refilled damn it was not even hot.  Wth!!!
Super STEAKHOUSE, ambiance feutr\u00e9e, prix assez \u00e9lev\u00e9 mais la qualit\u00e9 est l\u00e0 ....
I have always enjoyed Milo's. Superb fish. Exquisite starters. And I adore the Milo's Special. Service is also spectacular.
Place was pretty nice, but people can stare at you while you're eating, because you're practically eating on the gambling floor.\n\nSteak was nice high quality meat cooked exactly how I wanted it, with sauces to compliment the meat.\n\nEverything presentation-wise was first class
Suggestion: Dim the lighting a bit and offer larger beer selection. The lady singing is very soothing.
Worried I'm the only one here. But the salad bar was clean, people nice and its soup & salad. Not bad for the $
Average American restaurant, good food, but nothing special. Safe choice restaurant.   Bar area is loud, a bit difficult to talk and hear.
Great joint for breakfast. Huge hangover killin' pancakes! And the best French toast I've had since '99.
Solid sandwichs made quickly in a nice environment. A good place to go for a quick, solid sandwich.
Incredibly shitty.  The old ivory room has lost its soul.  If you want a raucous party with pianos go to Howl @ the Moon - the new ivory room is just a crappy knock-off.   The pianists (ha) spend more time talking about money than actually singing.
I have been here a couple of times since my last review and every time I visit, the pizza only gets better. This is now my favorite pizza place in Phoenix and they have a great selection of wine as well. I would definitely recommend the \"Rocket Man\" here to anyone looking to try a new pizza.
Possibly the worst Reuben ever.
Nice location
Came here with my girlfriend during Xmas for lunch. Their lunch special is awesome and we ordered the pork cutlet combo and 6 pieces screws! The portion is huge and cannot finish! \n\nThe service is good and I will highly recommend this place!
I like the game selection but most of the time the buttons on the games don't work. Pinball Hall of Fame had great selection nostalgic arcade games and they worked!
This hotel is pretty with plenty of nice dining options. It has a safe atmosphere for women or for hanging out alone. The chandelier bar is beautiful. It doesn't have a lot of shopping choices that I was interested in though.
Worst Customer Service I have EVER recieved in my entire life. I know that sounds dramatic and harsh but it really was terrible. We got stuck in there over 3 hours. Our server was rude. Food was mediocre.
Had a firehouse hero sandwich and it was quite delicious.  It was a very flavorful sandwich, the prices were reasonable, and the people there are friendly.
The service  was good however  the food  was very greasy.  The ham was very salty and the rosemary  potatoes  was full of oil. Not allot to chose from the menu. Had a waffle  for dessert  and was really  good.
This was a very nice place to take your mother.  We both had a good lunch.  The service and iced tea were very good.  I felt like the food was high quality, but maby should have been priced 1 or 2 dollars less.  The patio was beautiful and very peaceful to visit with your lunch partner aka Mom.
Food is ok, just dont dont dont dont get the macaroni salad. Tasted like harsh plastic and chemicals. Maybe its ok if they dont give it to you in the plastic container. Otherwise, this place is ok, I like 808 Hawaii Mixed Plate on craig wayyyy better.
Checked in and 2 hours later checked out.  There was no working wifi service in my room, nobody answering the switchboard, no replies from management, nobody available to help me out. Its a shame when management is so poor that a guest leaves feeling this way.
I went back a second time and they have changed the way they make the Wellington.  It now only comes one way you cannot order it medium well or any other way.  Just thought it was funny after my initial review.  Still very good though!
Had a cheese pizza today. The food and service were good! Definitely worth a visit if you are craving a good pizza. Salads were also very good, and the service was prompt,
Nice smooth texture, good flavors but too sweet for me.  Luv-It Frozen custard reminds me of good frozen yogurt.  A solid place to come to cool off the Vegas heat.
The food wasn't bad, but it did lack flavor. They have great lunch prices and fast service....but, I probably wouldn't go back.
It was my first experience and I'm glad I was in this place , great day , great staff and great weapons. Strongly recommended.
Not bad for a quick bite. You can make your own or choose one from the menu.\n\nI ordered a number 6 and a side kale caesar salad. While the pizza was good the salad was overly doused with Parmesan cheeks and the kale was difficult to eat because it was not cut small enough.
Its been a week since ive been here and im still craving their mint chocolate sundae, MMM.
I rated it lower because its in the middle of a dirty hotel that smells. but the pastries are yummy and staff are nice. Still overpriced like the other local ones in the area.
So good.  Especially after a busy night beforehand - wedding celebrations can be exhausting!  The only thing I would have liked is more seating options but alas our group made it work so all is well :)
I am very impressed by the individual approach they take towards creating a program that will provide the most benefit for your effort.  It seems like they are always open, and the entire staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  Also, they don't employ a high pressure approach towards membership or personal training.  Their products and services are the best form of marketing.
Probably in my top 10 things I have eaten in Vegas. I love the Bobbie and probably get one every other week. I did branch out and get a Slaw B Joe and that was unreal too.
Its ok when your drunk.. Other than that its nothing special
Sat at a mostly empty bar took the bartender Nikole about 10-15 minutes to even acknowledge me and had a rude attitude and large use of continuous profanity. \n\nFood was good I ordered from the restaurant with decent prices but ate my food and went elsewhere due to that bartender
Ew, never again.
Friendly.  Decent food. Reasonable prices.  I went there for a late night meal and just had a small plate so can't give it a fair review but no complaints\n\nMy friend that went with is a regular and really loves it.
Loved this place! No frills here and great tasting dinner items. I ordered a pear and cheese pasta dish with balsamic drizzle.  AMAZING. The other dishes we ordered were fantastic.  Simple and very tasteful with affordable prices.  Will come back.
Very beautiful view from the dinning patio with waterfall and different kinds of wild flowers. Open from 6am-11am for breakfast. They have buffet and off the menu breakfast. The orange blueberry pancake is a must. They also brew Starbucks coffee!
First time at this location, we always dine in at the downtown Lolo's.  Friendly staff, clean restaurant, and food came out in a timely manner. A little disappointed with the food though. Everything was bland/no seasoning, grits, eggs, and collard greens :(
The best pizza in Town!! The only pizza my hubby and I will eat!! Friendly staff and owners!!
Awesome place, bring a group of people and have fun. Awesome food / great beer!
Hey, it's Baskin Robbins. No gimmicks, it's not hip, but the ice cream is excellent and the prices are ok. FYI: They are now offering specials on yelp and on foursquare for checking in!
Same deal as zenburger good hamburger but you have to have a deep wallet. Prefer full course meal for that price. Sorry. In and sorry fries are fries nothing too exciting.
After posting my review of Belle Lacet, I received a very nice email from Karen asking for more information about my visit. She even offered a 15% discount if I would try the store again.  I thought this was very proactive and shows a concern for customer service.  I really appreciated that Karen took the time to contact me.  Thanks, Karen!
I would give more stars but apparently you need a reservation. .... For a bar...  That's right. Reservations for a bar. There's no standing allowed at a bar. So we went to BlueHound instead. I highly recommend BlueHound though.
Soo good! Fresh, great presentation and good portion size. .we even had room for dessert!  We had short ribs,  salmon and toasted coconut cake for dessert (the best part!)
From the stale peanuts at the beginning of the line where it starts. Then for $13 bucks, forget it. I can eat for same price for two people and be IN and OUT burger
OMG Yummy!!!! 5 stars if they had had the wine on the menu that I ordered. One of the best pizzas ever!
Very Good! Nice people, and good food. Always recommend this place.  Buon appetito!
Hotel was very nice! Very clean, spacious, and had nice decor! They upgraded our room when we got there knowing we were celebrating that weekend. The bed was the most comfortable bed ever! (that and given we were tired from a LONG weekend). . . overall, we had a pleasant stay; would definitely recommend!
Went here yesterday with a friend who frequents this place.  Had a plain cheese pizza.  Just ok. Pricey for what we got.
Our first time here and we weren't really sure what to expect... Tony (out waiter) did a great job of explaining the menu and offered excellent recommendations. Next time we are in Pittsburgh, we will be sure to return!
I ate here once and spent hundreds of $$$$ with my family and they wanted to charge me for extra steamed rice. What???? Steamed rice cost 20 cents. I have not gone back since. The food was just average, nothing to brag about.
Wouldn't know how it was cause we wouldn't wait an hour plus to get in. So we went to the bar directly across from Marquee that had great music and a great bartender. We sure enjoyed drinking and dancing and watching the other fools stand in line for hours waiting to get into the \"coolest\" club!
2 stars for big portion , but the food is not good. They try eccentric mix but it doesn't work. Also it's expensive for what it is.
Decent food, decent service, nothing to write home about
Awesome chicago style pizza smothered and covered with cheese and cut in squares. A great chow down place for a cold beer and wings too!! Can't beat a local favorite!
Great food!! Small & limited seating if outdoor patio not open. But worth the wait! Clean food, vegan, vegetarian options ! Great flavor! Pho soup yummy & fresh rolls! I will be back!
burger was pretty good but not worth $15.  Bathroom is outside the restaurant and around the corner (odd).  Just wasnt impressed overall.
I really liked the Vig.  the atmosphere was really cool, great outdoor area.  good beer selection and the food was pretty good.  not a lot of vegetarian options, but we made do with a greek salad with the chicken taken out and onion rings.  \n\nwe'll definitely go back.
If you're looking to meet people this is not your spot. I came in and there were only 4 people while the bar next door was packed. The place looks like it has potential for a nice chill spot but would seem a poor choice if sports or food are on your mind.
probably wont be going back,ok fish and chips, not much beer selection
A good place to have some really good burritos. Place is neat and has a good atmosphere. Price is decent enough. Not much to expect here though.
One of the worst buffets that I have visited in quite a while. Snow crab legs were overcooked and the exterior appeared diseased. Definitely not first quality. The other cooked items were all marginal. For such an outstanding hotel otherwise, this place was a dissapointment and an expensive one at that. Never coming back.
Great food, good drinks! Great place for friends to meet. We had a small engagement party here in the downstairs room which was absolutely wonderful. Very charming and cozy. We had our own bartender and good appetizers. I would recommend!
I drive a Volvo that is almost 20 years old and have been through the ringer with several local shops already. \n\nRuss is the only mechanic I have found in town that actually seems to know what he is talking about. No bs, friendly dude and really honest pricing. Thanks again Russ!
This is a great place for a cheap breakfast.  The portions are great and the waffles are even better.  I also like the huge ham steak and eggs breakfast.  The service is hit or miss.  The keno runners are super nice.  If you are staying at the hotel I recommend this dinner type place..
I came here for Sunday Brunch and it was nothing special to me.  I guess all of the 5 star reviews are coming from their Dinner Buffet.\n\nThere was nothing outstanding here for breakfast/lunch.\n\nNext time I will try their dinner and really see what its all about.
Went here for breakfast and it was a little overpriced. If you want breakfast, just order from your room service since it'll a lot cheaper. I heard dinner here is good, but I had other plans for dinner. Maybe next time I will try the dinner part.
The food is awesome, but they do not accept debit/credit cards. It is 2014. Get a machine and I'll come back. Until then, I'll find another mom and pop Filipino restaurant that will accept them. It maybe a petty thing, but not everyone carries cash. Y'all need to get with the program.
Worse Dairy Queen Ever. So gross i recommend everyone not to eat here! always dirty. the bathrooms there are just gross. all the employees are rude and always on the phone. my Brother in law got food poisoning here. never stepping foot into this place again. AND RECOMMEND YOU DON'T EITHER
This Subway is close to my office building, so I eat here a couple times per month. It's pretty much just your average Subway -- nothing terrible but nothing awesome about it. This is a good place to pick-up an inexpensive lunch relatively quickly with acceptable service.
My whole family goes here! Complete care, knowledgable, patient dr with great bedside manner. Nice selection of glasses. I recently changed my insurance that they do not accept, but I still come back. Lol. Staff has always been very courteous and they really take care of their patients.
Was basically told at 4 wheel parts today that because my two projects aren't rock crawlers or jeeps they can't help me but did refer me to another shop but based off the questions I asked and the answers they gave there people don't know S?@!
Always have to go to sonic when in Arizona! The food is very cheap and good,however my favorite thing on the menu would have to be the fresh banana shake.
I like the beer selection and love the Colorado beer connection since I have roots from there. However the food side needs a little work. More pizza selections and sizes wouldn't hurt would they? Appetizers aren't bad in general. Overall it's a decent place to go for a chain joint.
i love the chicken nachos when they are $5 and the clam chowder is off the chain!! I drink Framboise here love it!!
I used to work at the Laser Quest in Mesa, love the company and especially the staff. The managers are all friendly and the customers truly do come first. I would recommend them to anyone looking for a social gathering whether with the little ones or not. Its a blast.
Great brunch, even better happy hour, and always a pleasant experience. I've probably gone here 30-40 times (might have a problem), and it's consistently great. The avocado tempura tacos, fish tacos, salmon salad, and grapefuit marg are my go-tos!
Great place for really good Italian.
I have been going to this restaurant for the past several years and thought it was time to give a review.  It is always a great experience.  The food is great and so is the atmosphere.  The staff is friendly and always keeping a watchful eye on their guests' needs.  I would recommend this restaurant to everyone.
This place is just okay.  Food isn't that great.  It's kind of dark & dingy.  Lots of TV's though.  I prefer Cain's Saloon...just right down the road.
love love love this place\n\nspent so much time he manager always comes over and sits with us when we eat..\n\nneed more chop stick action in phoenix..\n\nbut will drive/ride when ever the hunger hits..!!!
Wonderful fresh and delicious food at great prices with fantastic service.   Love this place!
Good food but pricey for food amount.
The food was old, but what do you expect at an airport late in the evening.
Not many vegetarian options but what they do have is quite yummy!\n\nThe squash soup, eden salad and antipasto sandwich were all great.
Patties Rocks.  Great drinks, fast service, ping pong, juke box, thats all I remember...
I had a very good experience here! These folks are fair, friendly and very trustworthy. Whenever the next typical car problem arises, I'll be happy to return to them in the future. (:
I've been coming here since 2003.  I have an out of warranty VW and only trust LeSueur with my car.  Service/labor prices beat any dealership in the area.  They are honest, friendly and a pleasure to do business with.  Ask for Ken in service, he's great!
Had dinner here on a Wednesday night at 7 pm.  In a strip mall but great atmosphere.  Food was excellent and had their seafood special with a squid salad.  Service was pretty good but lacking a knife... Which came later..so it's a 4-5
The burrito we had was a good size  (we split one for lunch)  for the money but would have preferred that it was a lot hotter, and as others have said, not very flavorfull.  Also had the queso & chips,  purple corn chips were very good but the queso was runny and not much flavor.
The success of the 2010 Parade and festival speaks volumes about the dedication and hard work of the officers, managers, and volunteers of Phoenix Pride. Being able to organize and run a festival of this magnitude was a herculean task, but they pulled it off beautifully and did a great job. Kudos!
Terrible food, too salty, poor customer service when there is a complaint. Do not waste your time & money.
Good burgers good wings and freshly made onion rings. Also tried the strawberry margarita. Overall impressed with the quality of bar food.
Awesome place for pho ! Special combination is good,  but there serving is  not consistent sometimes you get a big portion then next time you get a sad face\n :( but this is the only restaurant that serves pho in my area . Service is excellent ! Hope \nThis information is useful :)
Oh my goodness, so freaking good!  When we arrived the waitress told us all about the building and the restaurant.  We had a rather large group (10) and they were great with serving us.  If I lived in Scottsdale I would definitely go there again and again!
Awesome mediterranean food!!! athens fries are yummm!! and the rice pudding definitely a must-have! the chicken kabobs were also pretty good! the helpings are pretty large though.. btw, love the ambience too!
The fries are soggy and the wings come swimming in a pool of grease.  Not worth the money at all!
The ownership and management are a joke. No regard for customer service. Waited in line for 20 minutes at the slow part of the day to serve 3 customers. No apology for the wait. The girl who seems to be the daughter of someone acts like she's 12. The only thing I'd put her in charge of is a broom.
U want it fast... you want it now!!!!   come here!
Love the atmosphere, GREAT service too.\nMy husbands walleye was very good.. i had fish tacos which really were not the best.. will def come back and try again,hoping i just made bad menu choice!
Great ambiance but food was pricey and just kind of average.
Got here at 8:30p, ordered at 9pm, still waiting for my food.\n\nStaff is messing around, watching TV, chatting with friends, etc. \n\nStay clear of this place. I have never seen a TGI Friday's run so horribly!!!
Chicken kabob wrap was really fresh and delicious. Chicken was tender and not overcooked like some places. \nWorth the wait!
Nice airport with a good selection of shops and food.  It's a growing airport which is pretty large and has a large amount of passengers moving about.  Be sure to map your gates out in advance to make your travels smoother.
Had great breakfast here today.  Based on someone else's review, I got the green flannel hash.  Excellent.  Great coffee.  Great atmosphere.  Service has been slow in the past, but today was great.  We look forward to going back.
Fried okra was fresh hot and delicious, pulled pork, beef, and chicken were all served cold, so was sauce & beans. won't return.
This place sucks. Found a cheap deal through Priceline and totally understood why it's cheap. The rooms are super old looking, they don't restock the toiletries and they really have to update their ventilation system in the casino. There's smoke everywhere and it's so hard to breathe.
I love eating at Hanks! It's a beautiful restaurant, great service and great food. Their macaroni and cheese is what dreams are made out of. Their steaks are juicy and flavorful. It's definitely worth the money to eat here if you get the opportunity.
Great bang for your buck. Carole Ann was our waitress and she was epic.. we had the French toast and the sunrise mountain. Both were good. Lots of food so heads up. The vanilla capinchino is quite sweet but yummy !!! Overall great. Would come again.
Check out my blog review and photos:\n\nhttp://food-tales-and-other-fun.tumblr.com/post/29101828753/
Closed at 3:00 on a Saturday afternoon, what's up with that? No hours posted in the window. I would suggest that you call ahead before coming over.
Another bad experience.  The staff is sloppy.  The deli doesn't mark the product and passes off whatever slimey old crap they're trying to get rid of as what you ordered.  And good luck parking.
I just wanted to give everyone a heads up on this place-although it is EXTREMELY clean and they do a good job they fall short on honesty. I have had a technician change the tip amount and another technician charge me for services that we're not provided.
It was okay to me. But I would love to come here to try it again. Got green tea bubble and this strawberry thing with loke grass jello, pudding.
Very dark on the inside spinach dip was to damn parmesan...my sandwich u did had to much cheese it was nasty .. Curly fries were good
This rating is just for the $5.47 milk shakes. I was told by two people that they are really good and i was horribly disappointed. I kept my composure through half before it went in the trash. I cant remember the last time i threw food away until now.
AWFUL!!! Service was great.  We left and ordered Chinese to pick up. Nuff said!!!!
Waited 2 hours for a delivery. I called and at first they could not find my order, then they apologized and told me my pizza would be in shortly and they would give me a credit for next time...well there will be no next time. I think waiting for 2 hours for a pizza was too much!
There is absolutely no other way to go than LV Top Shelf. My group had visited Vegas before but not like this! Our transportation was on time and the clubs were exactly the atmosphere our wedding party needed! I have not experienced VIP services like this before.
The food is ALWAYS delicious; staff are friendly and the atmosphere is fun.  My family and I enjoyed a Sunday lunch today.  I had a shrimp cocktail that was loaded with big, plump shrimp.  I also enjoyed a ceviche tostada.  This has to be one of the best Mexican places in the valley.
Gandhi was a great find! The most delicious  meal, we ordered the curry shrimp and mushroom sag. Service was most attentive. We will return When we return to Montr\u00e9al!
Yummy, yummy authentic mexican food!\n\nTheir Tortas are awesome, and so are the quesadillas. I love that the quesadillas have veggies inside.
Good service, clean resturant. Skip the garden salad. The burger was mediocre at best.
Very good! The staffs are friendly. Food is nice. The place is not big, but good to relax and enjoy food!
New store in Biltmore
Views are amazing and the rides are nuts.  Yeah, it's a little pricey to ride the rides...but where else can you swing out over a city like this?  If anything, it's fun to watch people freak out trying to get themselves to go on the rides.  Had a blast!
Last Saturday night we went in for a cool creamy treat! The store had run out of punch cards but the young man working behind the counter generously gave me his personal punch card with 7 punches in it! So kind & cool!!!!
The monument course is the best golf course I have ever played. Amazing views, perfect conditions, well designed, fair, fun...bite the bullet and play this great course. Absolutely promise you won't regret it.
The owners are awesome. Great pizza! Friendly and fast service. Love stopping by for a slice when we are in town.
Why wouldn't Madison have a foodie/hipster butcher shop? Artisan cheeses, cured meats and sausages, and a small selection of beer and wine. Did I mention their grab and go sandwiches are delicious?
garbage....\ndont spend a penny here.\nyur better off ordering room service.
The sandwiches are very fluffy and soft. Everything on their menu is very healthy and delicious. But there isn't one in San Diego :o(
Not pleased. Bad service, generic noodles and broth, and steep prices for pho. I waited to be seated at 2p on a Monday, then waited to order, and waited for a water refill despite empty tables throughout. I also asked for fried tofu but received steamed. Pass.
Great wedding. Brittany and Brian were so cool. I loved the laughter and the spirituality. I thought Shenendoah did a good job with food and the setting was nice.
My friend would like to compliment this Discount Tire for caring for her red thunderbird while she was in the hospital.  She had been in the hospital since November and they had cared for the car each night until she was able to collect it.  We highly recommend that people use this establishment.
This is a great small restaurant, great service and food was delicious! Try the Full taco and it was amazing!
Service was great and the prime rib was really good. They had a wide selection but overall it was overpriced and I will not go back. i prefer the Wicked Spoon in Cosmo
Food, atmosphere, and taste.\n\nTry it for yourself.
Located in the Planet Hollywood Mall, which is extremely small and cluttered. This location no longer carries The Art of Shaving products.
This place was awesome when it first opened. The manager was on point and the service was as good as the food. NOW! It sucks. So disappointing. Management matters.
The BBQ sauce is very good. That's about it. The pork was a bit dry and for the price, you'll think it should be better. I had the cookie as a dessert and it just taste like something out of a package.
Solid burger, kind of pricey though. The fries were super okay though.
2 stars for the price, 0 stars for how your stomach will pay you back later...new underwear in sight...
There's just not a big selection. The parking lot was crowded but in the store it wasn't. Friendly staff. \nI found some cute juice glasses for $0.69 that's it!
Rules made by men. Check them before you book this church to get married or any other event. Their restrictions are far beyond respect and more on the ridiculous side. Stay away from this church.
Great place to have some Chicago Style Baby Back Ribs!
I came here on a Monday so I missed the seafood buffet.\n\nIncluded beer is cheap, but I like PBR.  I will probably eat here again to try the Seafood Buffet only on a Sunday while somebody is trying to squeeze in that last bit of gambling before driving home.
Does the job, not great, not amazing, not anything really except a room with a bed. You're better off at Stratosphere for the same price.
My husband and I LOVE this place for breakfast.  Their \"Green Chili Gravy Chicken Fried Steak\" is fantastic!  The ambiance is \"corner cafe\" style... the breakfast fabulous.  Not sure about other meals, but breakfast is worth a try.
I don't get too adventurous with mexican food, but I have trouble finding places I like and that my fellow diners like. This place is quick, and the food is good, especially for the price. The cheese crisp and sopapillas are great. Also, the service was 5 star - very friendly from hi to goodbye.
We ordered a cappucino, and cold brew, both were delicious. we sat in the window to watch people walking by.  Friendly service for us non-French speakers. Be sure to stop by the AMAZING paper store next door!!!
Vegetarian Pizza pizza pizza pizza\n\nDonut with chocolate dip x1000000\n\nThe server was slow, but the food made up for. Haha.
Breathtaking view of the Vegas strip! A must see. Dim, intimate lounge setting inside.
yakisoba chicken bowl is just ok. Low carb bowl is not so hot either. I guess it's supposed to be healthy food. Meh.
Delicatessen, many types of club sandwich great onion rings !
I really enjoyed this place.  Very good steaks,excellent sides, and good appetizers.  Price is a little steep, but they have specials a few times a week, that will enable you to give the play a try.  Excellent service too.
Cool, divey bar. Somewhat of a retro feel. Cheap drinks, cash only. Check out the schedule of bands!
My friends recommended las islatas, but I decided to give this place a try, and WOW you won't be disappointed this place is so good, will definitely be back
Best place to eat sushi, its kinda small place tho and crowded but the food are awesome, fresh.. love the place.
The food here is wonderful and the service is even better! We had Maggie as a server, and she was so attentive, fun, and amazing!
The ice cream was good but the waffle cone tasted stale. I should've skipped the cone.
Business owner handled issue with an employee professionally and in a timely manner, some hard to find good work ethic definitely found at this spot.
This place has great pizza! I really like their whole wheat crust as well.  It is a cute little place for a date. The wine is fantastic. The owners are really nice too.
Very nice lady. Bad haircut, I shaved it off and went bald after I went home. Hot towel and shampoo was pretty good though
the bartending staff is unhelpful and not friendly in the least bit. they refuse to offer the drink specials that were obviously listed in the fliers in the restroom, and they kicked my friend and I out when we objected. I refuse to spend money in this bar because of the awful service I have received in here multiple times.
Best corned beef hash on the damn planet. Seriously.
My husband and I eat breakfast here on Sunday mornings and love it. Great people and service.
Horrible service and the food took forever to come out. Considering that I was there on a weekday and not on a weekend
After watching best burgers on Food Paradise, Stripburgers famous blue cheese burger met my expectations.  Well crafted and great service.
Great burger and even better seasoned fries and special dipping sauce for the fries.  The frozen custard is good and a must have if stopping in.  Personally I like the \"other\" chain's frozen custard better.
Gross. Gross. Gross. Pass this place. Service is awful and the food was just as bad. Greasy, low quality slop.
the hotel isn't a looker but having the Oyster Bar and bingo here make it A-ok with me.
Great location, the service was quick and friendly, the food was fine.  Nothing special, but a beautiful view!
Poor service. We waited 30 minutes for our food and we had not one, not two, but three different servers.  We live around the corner and were hoping for a delicious new breakfast place to come to on the weekends and left very disappointed.  Food was decent, service so poor I don't plan on ever going back.
Angie and Whitney were amazing!!! We got our makeup done for a night out in Vegas and could not be happier with the makeup and how sweet both Angie and Whitney were. We will definitely be calling them again the next time we are in vegas! Highly recommend them!
It was the best cirque show I've ever seen.  I'm a huge MJ fan and it was incredible.  The theater, amazing.  The sound, awesome.  The visuals, inspiring.  I would see it again in a heartbeat.
Mediocre.   Wonton soup as best thing I had.  Ordered sesame chicken and it was deep fried ---yuck!  Fiance ordered chicken chop suey which was salty. Not worth the drive to east Mesa.
Food is good but not great Service was fast And friendly got the orange chicken lunch combo not sure that I'll be back I guess I'm just used to Panda Express which is no way similar to their orange chicken
Amazing! Try the \"My Morning Burger\" and goat cheese and apple burger. Best burger I've had in a VERY long time. The meat is packed with flavor and makes all the difference. They are doing it right here!
Fast food barbecue? Will never go back .. Everything tasted bland
I tried the pomegranate yogurt and it tasted pretty good :) but even though the place is wide and nicely decorated, it's pretty dirty, it would be nice if they wipe and sweep the place.  They have 2 computers with internet too.
A tasty and healthy option that delivers! \nIf you live/work on the square, you should be eating here once a week...or daily.
Great place for breakfast! This has become my family's new Sunday morning tradition. Green chile omelette is amazing.
The pho is always tasty and full of whatever meat you decide to order. Servers aren't obnoxious and the prices are very fair. paying at the cashier rather than your table is a nice and convenient touch.
They changed their menus around a week ago from tapas to traditional sit-down steak/pasta dinners. The lobster pizza was really good, and the service is really quick. It's very pricey though. $32 for the lobster pizza.
Consistently good. We took advantage of the two 4-course special for $40...soup, starter, main & mini dessert. All yummy but the orange peel beef is awesome!
Had mixed quality results here. Bad popcorn shrimp once. My dog couldn't even chew it. Last time the chicken was old and dry. Doubt I will try again
I was here for a vacation trip and at 10pm we for hungry and saw the sign. We went in for dinner and had the most amazing Panko wasbi ribeye that was cooked to perfect.\nThe hot rocks was cool and fun but not a lot of meat but super tasty. The service was just perfect!
I was told it will reopen at a new location. Fine at least remove the old address!!!\nI updated Yelp about it but there's been no reaction from management.\n\nOk that's the new address now.
I licked my fingers for 3 days after eating their ribs.
The Olive Garden by any other name is still The Olive Garden.\n\nGo to Nora's on Flamingo....similar prices, radically better wine list and many many times better overall.
Went in for a couple of drinks after passing by on Mill. The decor is what caught our attention. Very trendy and classy place. Set itself apart from every other bar on Mill.  Reasonably priced drinks bar staff was friendly enough. Would definitely go back here
Always a great stay. Small casino and great restrarants.
Went twice. The food was good, but I was so turned off by the wait staff -  which acted like they were doing you a big favor to be serving your table - that I won't return.
Nacho daddy has by far the best bbq pulled pork nachos.   Also the white queso is UNREAL!!!  So good
A little on the expensive side but they have great pepperoni pizza. Close to where my roommate works and the freeway so its definitely convenient. Only thing that bothered me was both times I have gone there is always a group of women standing around outside... Makes you wonder.
The best dance crew ever, these guys bring it and rock it like no other!!
Been here twice now. The first time my wife got sick and won't return. The second time my son got sick. The food was very greasy and salty. \n\nThe chips and salsa are great. I wish the other food was equally as good, but it really isn't.
A haiku for the buffet inside this smoke-infested retirement home disguised as a casino littered with gambling addicts: \n\n\nSave yourself the time\n\nExplosive Diarrhea \n\nCombined with mudd-butt
My first time at a Salsarita's and it was delicious! Quick service, great staff, and someone even came and took our trash for us. I highly recommend this place.
What a great time we had with family and friends!\n\nA little pricey, but so much fun.
the food is so so, not very surprising to me, and I forgot what's the taste right after I walked out the restaurant. The plates are so ugly that I don't want to use them and see them in my life time again. Service is just fine due to too many people.
Wish I could post a zero!  One of the worst experiences I have ever had In the restaurant business in my life!   Can't wait to tell me friends about it.
First time to this place and the food was better then i thought.
This is another great hotel that is smoke free & away from casino crowd! Everything in the hotel is Golden!! Which makes you feel like a million bucks ~ if only I have a million dollars! Enjoyed the room & and the room service. Staff are all really friendly and helpful!
I had high hopes for this restaurant based on the reviews and a personal recommendation.  We had beef and chicken entrees and both were overcooked.  The service was excellent and the staff were super friendly.
Fun casino with lots to do for the whole family. The arcade is one of the largest I've seen on the strip with tons of affordable games and tournament of kings is an awesome show
Enjoyed the diablo lobster roll and the clam chowder fries! We also ordered the Connecticut roll but it was mediocre. The staff was really friendly. It's a good place to come if want to go to a casual place and you're craving lobster rolls.
Disappointed. The noodles in the chow mein were no more than plain spaghetti noodles.  Nothing had that great of quality. The cashew chicken was alright but I've had much better.. Everything was just ok, don't think we'll be trying again
Spinach dip is deliciously not good for you!
This is where you take your picky family members and they love it.
I've had the opportunity to dine here twice .  Both times were exceptional. Lovely place .. Big and Open with somewhat a historical flair .  Amazing food .. Perfect both times .. Salmon was excellent with an Asian flair.
Same experience as everyone else.  Living Social Voucher and then they are impossible to communicate with.  Cancelled for credit on my Living Social account.  Avoid at all costs.
THis place has great wings and its a cool hole in the wall type feel.  You can tell this place has its regulars as the servers knew people by name.  I will definitely be back for more wings and cocktails!!
Dark, the service was slow, and the waitress had absolutely no sense of humor. The prices were reasonable, but the menu was very limited.
Fresh spring rolls and Satay chicken are good appetizers. Pineapple curry combo was delicious. Sweet and sour chicken is the same as anywhere else.
How does the food taste? I wouldn't know.  We waited an hour and a half before walking out.  Everyone else on the patio was served but our party of eight. Eight! How did you miss us?
Awesome yoga studio.\n\nThe staff is warm and friendly.  There is a lot of helpful information on the community board.  The classrooms are very nice.  They have a really cool gift shop.\n\nDesert Song is a great facility.
A healthy choice for lunch or dinner in the plaza! The dumplings are homemade and are very soft. I had the carrot + beef dumplings and they were quite delicious. The congee is fairly cheap at 2$ a bowl so whenever I have spare change, I stop by and grab one. Give the place a try!
I've been here a few times and both times I've been disappointed. The shrimp they use tastes like it's been frozen forever and very rubbery. \nAfter the second time I've decided that there are other Mexican taco places I could eat at.
This smoothie king is by far the worst I have ever been to. Horrible management. I am too dumbfounded to say anything more.  Made my day awful.  Thanks again, smoothie king!
Still a Star Nails fan, and receiving the same good service.  Some of the nail technicians are more experienced and perform better work; overall good value for the price.
Can't wait until Cincinnati gets one... clean, quiet, and on-time. What more is there to say?
Cheesy? Yes, of course. But for fans of kitsch, this place is a blast! We played a round of golf, rocked out to some Kiss and explored the fine shoe and axe collection in the gift shop. Lots of fun and reasonably priced. Another great find away from the strip!
We ordered subs for our entire team and they were 5 hours late , our team had to play a game on empty stomach then after game had to wait another 2 hours before we got out subs... No Bueno
the food was great, but the interior of the place was old and run down.. People behind the counter weren't the friendliest. they also have a thing about not putting the napkins out for self service. You get only with your order...
Perfection.
All you can eat wings Wednesday. Awesome.
Tuesday night bingo is so much fun and you get free drinks!!!
Ordered food at bar got wrong food and bartender told me..Hey its good I like that just try it. Drink was made wrong. Happened twice with same bartender.
Pork Shoulder was one of the best I've ever had. Thought the focaccia bread was excellent and everything we tried was good.  The service was a little slow - but when we ate, it was pretty packed.  Definitely will come back again next time we're in town!
Great food, good prices, and a good menu. Only downside is the wait is a little long and the place is cramped. Overall a great place for your die hard Mexican food lover.
I was going to give KickAssKakes a visit, but after reading some of the YELP reviews, I decided to take my business elsewhere.  To me customer service is just as important as the cake itself.  I appreciate the honesty of folks that write reviews for YELP.  Thank you for keeping a business\"honest.\"
not a thing from his place is fresh all frozen. supermarket pizzas are more  likely to be better. if you don't make your own dough, daily,  you should not be in the pizza business!!!!!!
These guys always take care of me.  The girls behind the counter are always friendly and fun and always make my drink right.  My only beef is that smokers outside, but I rarely walk in.
Great products but high prices!
This place is awesome, glad they opened up because all there locations were far from me. The staff is friendly and fun. Cant go wrong with anything i order here, everything is delicious!  Its a nice open place so there is plenty of seating. This is the best canes in town i think (:
Wonderful food, nice menu, casual attire, nice friendly service.\nCute small restaurant with home cooked dinners. Very reasonable prices.  Family owned. Good place to get a hot meal for two under twenty dollars.
Went there this weekend. It was the most boring and over priced panini I have ever had in my Life. Go to subway. You are better of......
Very expensive for what they are. Basically sugar coated sugar. The desserts look delictable, but we ended up throwing away the majority of what we bought. Certainly not worth what I spent.
Kids loved it. Great stop if you're starving and looking for something relatively cheap and quick! It's right across the street from the Carnegie Natural History Museum and surrounded by coffee shops and other food shops. Cute little college-y area.
We love the card tables at bellagio.  Pierre is an awesome and entertaining dealer.  We come to play here every time
Top 5 steak I've had in my life.  Visited for a business dinner... wine selection was fantastic, service was good (not amazing) but the food was off the charts, especially the steak.  Highly recommend for the food.
Really good selections of muscles. \n\nThe fries and green salad are excellent.\n\nThe steak tartar and the steak are surprisingly tasty.\n\nI would definitely go back there.
Had the jolly green giant omelet. Talk about delicious vegetable galore! Also, I subbed toast for the banana nut bread and I was not disappointed. I could definitely see myself coming here tomorrow.
A great place for pizza and beer.  Good happy hour prices.  A nice place to watch the game.
Wasted free nights on this dump. Living out of hotels 10 months a year, I would  know.\n\nOld hotel  and breakfast  was as bad as hotel maintance...\n\nNeighborhood is really  suspect.
I discovered this place while walking around told town.  Great spot in the heart of Old Town.  Had a great brisket sandwich and potato salad.  The only draw back is that it is set up like a bar.  There is minimal seating outside.  The seating outside is dry.  Great old though!
Terrible assistance. I was there to see a rash and blister that I had and it took nearly 3 hours! 1.5 just waiting to get in, then like another 1.5 just to wait inside for the doctor. Then the word part...les than 5 minutes with the doctor! Terrible service honestly.
I love the food, but the last three times we were here the service was pretty bad. We've been ignoring this fact because - brisket!!! - but I'm really, really hoping it improves.
Parking lot and cart returns are plenty and the pricing are competing against Costco and Wal-Mart. Open 24 hours as I came here at 12am. Isles are spacious and the selection of products are good.  It is worth the trip.
I'm between two and three stars. I had the fish tacos and I have to say I prefer Pasqual's. He had the tacos, which I think he liked. And you have to pay for chips and salsa! :(
Really good deal for happy hour.  The food is excellent.  \nBut for dinner it was way too pricy.   The standard sushi wasn't anything special.  But the pricier items were tasty - like the yellow tail with chilli and ponzu.
Bad place for service. Their food may be good , but they have NO service. Sat in the bar area for over 10 minutes with NO ONE approaching me and I finally left. I would not go again too!
There were still feathers on one piece of chicken.  Need I say more?
Second time here and equally disappointed as the first time. Food is tasteless, service is so-so, and I find the prices to be excessive. This is really a very touristy place to go in Cave Creek. If you want great Mexican in Scottsdale go to Los Sombreros, a family owned authentic place on Scottsdale Rd.
This is a great place. Unfortunately the food doesn't quite live up to the view. Still, I would recommend trying at least once to see for yourself.
Stunning atmosphere and amazing service!  A big thank you to Gregory and Randy for keeping us happy.  Secret pizza was awesome.
Dirty looking employees that wear sweat pants and can't be bothered to take care of their hair. Food is often times not as requested. Expensive, not the best quality. Good for convenience but I feel like I was ripped off every time I order from here.
Tried the Salted Caramel and Very Strawberry cupcakes...yummy!
Enjoyed their outdoor patio after a concert the Friday of Memorial Day weekend with my wife.  Ordered the Deep Fried Cheesburger and had a coronary the next day.  Seriously, though, it was good, just a bit rich with all the fryer oil.
Found this place driving through to Utah. We had a party of 17 and everyone loved their breakfast. The food and service were awesome. This will be our new go to breakfast spot while in Vegas
Awesome waitress, appalling general manager and hostess, sat our party at 2 different tables, when we called for reservations the manager told us he would accommodate 6 even though their policy was 5 in a booth. They then put  an automatic 18% tip for a party of six. No apology, nothing. So done with this place.
One of the better buffet in Vegas.. I still like the Bellagio Buffet  the best but this is doable. \n\nStandard buffet things. standard price.. section was good but not great. service was a little bit slow.
I'll give it 4 stars cause it may have been more expensive than competitors. However, they did a great job on my recent move from Chandler to Mesa. I would wholeheartedly use them again.
Food was really good.  Clam chowder was the bomb.  Also good, cold shellfish except oysters..kind of weak.  Lobster was bland..also no fried lobster as when I was there 5 years ago..boo.  I'd eat there again.
Comfortable and inviting patio area with fire pit.  Good service & food
Quick friendly service.  I will be back.
I really want to love this place but I really think it's overrated. I've been a number of times over the years and the food is rarely better than ok. The service has always been awesome though.
I am sure there are better gyms out there, but this is where I'm at for now.
The pure strength of the performers is astounding! Great show! Great audience interaction. My favorite part was the huge drums and live music!
Very clean and the staff is always willing to help. Open 24/7
This used to be my favorite spot until Friday. Sushi smell bad and tasted horrible. To top it off, roaches were on the sushi bar and fridge area. I almost lost it...\nI left and told them that is nasty and would never go back.
So the food is great. Been going for a while and maybe for the last time. They round the bill up to nearest nickel. WTF so your taking more money for what use? That is stealing to me. Over time it adds up
Great food and friendly service. No wait for a table in the bar area.  Ice cold beer selection too.  Thanks. The giant stuffed potato was great.
Great show, loved it, interactive great cast and more affordable than a lot of the shows on the strip.you will not regret it!
Love the grass fed beef, you can definitely taste the difference! The only reason I give them 4 stars instead of 5 is that they don't have fries, and the potato chips were ok but not worth 4 bucks. They should raise the price of the burger and include fries :)
The food here is decent but certainly not worth dealing with the very condescending owner. I'd much rather take my money to a place that appreciates their customers.
Has everything you could need, helpful staff, big parking lot.
Bobby is the best he always listens to my boring stories and does a great job on my nails
$85 dollars later and the only thing i enjoyed from the bay scallops, marys chicken, and mac & cheese was the mac & cheese. The scallops were just ok and the chicken was over done and dry. Overall i wont be back but the server and atmosphere was nice too bad the food wasn't worth wild
I ordered a SUB sandwich and got a CLUB sandwich online, didn't notice till I got to work. Guess I'll stick with Mr. Goodcents subs...
The pizza reminded me of that \"pizza\" you had in middle school... That bad!
Eh... the kinda place that doesn't seem to change very often. Good to go once to poke around but not the kinda place that you'd go every Sunday to look for deals!
Not a very good Wal Mart. The store is messy and dirty, as well as dimly lit in spots. I only encountered one employee and she was friendly enough, but it wasn't enough to save this place for me. Would steer clear if I were you.
It Was closed but   The Building  is Awesome and the Locations on the water is Fantastic
Amazed by how fresh the ingredients were. The guy who took our order was super nice, explained the menu, free upgrade for our first time. Free dog treat for the dog.
Pass on this place.  Bad attitude and POOR manners by the hostess.  Loud venue, drafty.  Brunch menu very limited.  I give it one year.
This is probably my absolute favorite club in Vegas. Absolute gorgeous in its design, decor, music, and people. Far bigger and more spacious than Marquee and the pool is kinda brilliant.\n\nCan't wait to go back!
The food is great.  I have yet to have anything here that isn't good.  Service is friendly also which gives this restaurant all the tools it needs:  good service and great food.\nTry the rice, i think its the best in town.
Northside Bar in the back corner! Ordered a local flight. At 11am (on a weekend haha). lots of yummy options with different types of food bars. Huge store. Spacious sitting area, and standing round tables, too.
Seemed like a good place to eat a first but as a first timer it's so confusing which side to order from. Just wanted a Caesar wrap and had to wait longer to order it from the \"hot\" side. I'll just go to subway thanks.
Great wee bar which has ice cold beers and decent grub which is worth the price , staff are very friendly and they serve you quickly as well , all in all a good little pub with great atmosphere.
The best tapas place in Pittsburgh! .
My experience with roosters has lead me to this conclusion: The management and the owners of this restaurant are greedy and arrogant. They treat their staff with little to no respect from what I saw. I witnessed a manager yell at a young waitress till she cried. The food is decent, but way overpriced.
Disappointed that this place doesn't have ONE clean booth to sit in.  And it's far grom busy.
Very friendly staff. They are very professional and don't mind answer all your questions. I was really nervous about my surgery and I had a lot if questions they were really nice about answering all my questions and calming me down before my surgery. \n\nThey office is extremely clean and is decorated in a nice calm Hawaiian theme.
Come for the average joe, stay for the awesome service, get stuck catching up with everyone you've ever met who lives in the area.
Went in for our 30 day checkup and was relieved that the shop seems to be run very well. Buying the car was not the most pleasant experience but now that part is over Im looking forward to dealing with the service department, even got a courtesy wash. The shop staff were friendly and professional
Eight bucks for \"natural water\"? Need I say more? The service was all right. The food, ok, but tiny portions. I'm not a big eater at all and I went and got a snack right after we ate.
It was just \"OK\". In a strip mall. I think it caters to the younger, movie-going crowd. The food was bland. I had to wait over 10 minutes for salmon teryaki. I did not like the fact everything was served in styrofoam everything.  I will not go back.
Great place for Happy Hour! Everything Iv eaten there has been great, no complaints.
I just saw this place yesterday.  So i went today to try it, and what do u know!  CLOSED.  This location must be bad for tacos.
French Bistro Ambiance! Aznavour song as I am writing this post. Superb food and service. Fresh salad topped with blueberries. Sympathic!
The chips and salsa were awesome, the salsa had good heat to it.  I got the taco platter.  It was alright, nothing special.
Love that they have Oberon on draft! Killer 4 cheese mac n' cheese...some of the best you'll ever have! The wait staff and manager were so friendly, striking up conversation with each of the guests.
Helpful staff. Easy to find layout. I'll be back!
Good Job Ernesto !
Any place that plays Sunshine Day by the Brady Bunch is okay in my book. Oh, and being greeted by a big ol' cock as soon as ya walk in a place... even better!
I had the pancakes, lovely!  Portion was small though. \nThe waffle and fried chicken was way too greasy, I have no idea why people love it.
This place wont be here for long, their hot dogs are no better than what you could do at home. Actually hot dogs at Trader Joe's are exceptionally better so yes I could do better at home. It really isn't worth it and you have been warned.
Went here late Tuesday for wine with a friend after the People's Pharmacy lecture @ Cov Pres. The Malbec was the best I've ever had and the gnocci was addictive. Not served with enough sauce, but waiter brought more upon request. Very pricey.
Crab ragoons we're very good. Duck was a little dry and not spicy as advertised. Pad Thai noodles did not taste fresh, but my husband still enjoyed it. Probably not eat here again
The food wasn't bad (Chix fried rice & pork gyoza). They charged me for a large rice for take out  and only got a small, at least I hope it wasn't the large!  I think there might be a bit of a communication issue here. Also, Japanese or Chinese but not both please.
I would refer friends and family. Great staff and Dr Saxe is great with kids.
Meh.....\n\nI've found a better Starbucks just 5 minutes down the street!! It's much quieter and much nicer.\nThis branch is always busy, the tourists are always needing their caffine rush and the queue is always MASSIVE.
The atmosphere and service were great.  I don't eat meat but usually love this type restaurant for salads and sides.  I had a salad, fried asparagus and a potato dish, none of which I particularly enjoyed.
Great service and a great meal!!
This is an amazing establishment with some of the most customer service oriented staff I have ever came across.. Roberto Liendo is the GM and he made this dining experience one to truly remember!! Deff recommend this place while in vegas
Last Friday I was eating with couple friends in Lemongrass caffe I was so disappoint with a poor service there the soup was so plain
A moderate hike for those seeking an easier way to see the views of the city. Multiple paths allow for hours of exploration.
went there for lunch, and the shrimp-and-grits was very good
Love this place!! You can never go wrong here!!! Order the Mulas with flower tortillas and Al Pastor.
As buffets go bacchanal would be hard to beat. The food was good and of course plentiful. I especially liked the cheese station. Deserts were good. \n\nThe biggest downside is the eternal wait to get in.
This place is awesome! There bacon jam is heaven in your mouth. The sliders and macaroni are awesome. If you are in Las Vegas this is a must. This place a a great retro look to it. Most people that come here wear button up shirt with jeans. I would highly recommend this place.
This Best Buy is not as new looking as the one by the mall but I feel like the employees here are more knowledgeable and helpful than at the other location.
Good food.  Good service.  Will not blow you away though.
Great happy hour with excellent cocktails. Food is always great and service is super friendly at the bar. Perfect neighborhood bar and restaurant.
Just an update to say they don't even have the #1 spot anymore as that goes pretty easily to Ichiban on park.  Still, better than most in town.
My fav place to wash my hog!
This place is great!  They even have a part of their patio designated for people with dogs!  Great service, great food, and if the line's too long here (which it has been a couple times we've stopped by), there are more great brunch spots within walking distance.
Had their \"signature\" dry aged NY strip. Not very special. Go for the rib eye or Prime rib. Service was great, but for the price the food could be much better.
I usually only go here to get cups for my job.  They always have them available!
I love this place. They have all the liquor you need and the wine selection is amazing. Can't forget to mention how cheap everything is.
1st time here, service was pretty shitty! I had one beer & appetizer, time to go! Not feeling it- staff is not attentive & personable, this time of year people want to spend money!! I bet I can find a better place to feel appreciated as a customer
From scratch pastries, breads, breakfast, lunch, dinner options\nCozy coffee shop atmosphere, fireplace, plenty of tables.\nCash only. Pay at front and they will bring the food out to you.\nFree refills on coffee.\nNever dissapointed.
This place is fast but give you little food! I ordered a pho soup with chicken and extra shrimp and got 2oz of chicken and 2 shrimp. I will not be going back. They also don't understand English at all! So it was very difficult to communicate with them.
This is the ONLY pizza place in Tempe as far as I'm concerned. Great crust, sauce and cheese. They do skimp on the toppings but they serve Frank's hot sauce. So that is a huge plus. I freggin' love that stuff.
Comfortable setting. Friendly staffs.  Good food. I would come back.
These guys are the best, they really stick by their name \"DISCOUNT TIRES\" I come from the other side of henderson to see these guys when I need tires. They really are the best, with great prices!!
The Hot Juan skillet was a bit underwhelming, I expected more Chorizo, and heat (spicy).  Buttermilk pancakes that my daughter had were fantastic.  We shared the cinnamon roll which was very good.
This place has the worst service in the world i recieved my food thru the drive thru and it was wrong i then had to wait 5 minutes before i had to start honking for some attention and they tookk 10 more mins to get me the right stuff it was at like 9 at night. hate this place.
They did have the best Chicken Fried Rice ever eaten, but now everytime I go back, its made differently.  Not as pleased as once before.  I wish they would just keep the old recipe.  I have never had Fried Rice with cooked tomatoes in it either...that was a first...
This is not great pizza by any stretch of the imagination but it will get the job done at 2 in the morning after a night in the club. This place gets crowded but the line moves fast. It's also a good place to try to chat up a girl if you struck out in the club.
Been there twice. Service and food average at best. The bar staff is confused and untrained. With the other options in the area Del Frisco's is not worth the time. After you have a drink and check out the view from the roof, head elsewhere to eat!!!
I want you guys to keep in mind that I downloaded the yelp app just to rant about this terrible place. I ordered the chicken pad Thai and it literally tasted like how old people smell. I'm never going there again unless it's to catch up with an ex girlfriend.
Great place for lunch! Salads are awesome!
The donut churros, OMG especially if you're a chocoholic.  Soups were good too.  Sunday's Mimosa's and bloody mary's with live music, you can't go wrong.  Laid back vibe.  Check it out.
This is my favorite sushi place of all time. The portions are huge and the food is so tasty and reasonably priced. I like how they have a bar too within the restaurant. Nacho mama, Vegas roll, and orange chicken are a must
Quite expensive for limited menu, paying high prices because of location rather than food which was very mediocre. Bread given at beginning of meal was nice, but that is about all.
Slow service, ran out of rice....crowded.....Im not sure what the fuss is about.  My wife who raved about this place was mad as hell at the service....Never going again
Everyone looks like ex convicts! The owner is so rude I'm not sure how this place has 4star
I never really liked this place. Every time I dined here I always had a bad meal. Not worth the money. The seafood dishes are bad and the meat dishes are even worse. I think Red Lobster is better, not by much. Save your money and do not even come here.
I've had a lot of BJs. This by far was the worst BJ I have ever received. The service was slow and not in a good of way. If your going for a birthday dinner, you might be there to see their next birthday. Never again.
Everything about Ted's is mediocre. I had a hot dog, fries, and a vanilla malt. It was just average, run-of-the-mill food. The prices aren't that good either. I don't know what people see in this place. It doesn't live up to the hype.
Went back tonight. Service from Tiffany was spot on. We didn't have to ask for anything she anticipated everything perfectly. Food was very very good. We will definitely go back again. I am glad it was so much better than the last visit.
Stroll through history...\nAn eerily nice lunch break spot...\nTranquil yet spooky...
Neighborhood kids shattered my sliding glass door with a BB gun over the weekend. Brian got his guys out to do an estimate, ordered the glass, and got it installed for me post haste.
Decent food, good drinks, and good service. Nice atmosphere for a late night snack and drink
Excellent fall off the bone baby backs, perfectly grilled veggies and an outstanding coleslaw .  Highly recommended and fast!
Great pedicure, nice atmosphere, clean, busy but NO wait!  For all you men scared to get a pedicure this place had just as many males as females. Great prices too!  I will definitely go back there when I am in the area!
Their salads are huge, there's no way you'll ever finish one. I always get the California chicken salad and can maybe get through half of it. They also give a nice thick slice of lemon if you ask for it with your water and I personally really appreciate that. Great veggie burger there as well.
Authentic Mexican food in verdun! I had the tacos al pastor and my boyfriend had the carne asada served with chilaquiles. We drank a margarita and a michelada. It was good food! The man who welcomed us was super friendly. Will be going back a huevo!
Expensive. Happy hour is only on steaks... I thought it was going to be on drinks so that was disappointing. Food is really rich but tasty. Good if you want to take someone on a pricey dinner date.
Dive right in! It's my favorite dive in Urbana but since Gremer is gone it's not quite the same. Had to move westward to the other side of the tracks to see my favorite bartender.
Great food, and an excellent service experience. Erik and Sandy greet patrons by name and make everyone feel welcome, which is a rarity in this industry demographic.
This is the Best Italian place !!! ... My wife and I like to eat at the bar on Suns or Dback game nights ... :-) :-)
Fantastic pho, a real surprise. Coming from los angeles and having all the good viet food in oc this pho is actually better than most.  Broth is fantastic and clean.
Wife and I went a few times... Nothing really jumped out at us as great.  However, nothing was ever bad.
BEWARE OF BACHELORETTE PACKAGES!!! Big rip off!!!!\n\nShow was fun, not as much crowd involvement as i expected.\n\nThe guys were way HOT, but a little cheesy.
I love this place. I am not very knowledgeable with vaping, but these guys will always go the extra mile to make sure you're getting the best deal. I've come in multiple times with questions and they've always been super helpful. I cannot say enough good things about Fine Vapors.
The food was good the price was better! This would be a 5 star if Alex the server was not one of the worst I have ever had!
Not as good as Goldilocks or Red Ribbon. The baked goods are alright and they have various types of breads and pastries. The last time I shopped here, the cashier was a quite unfriendly and rude.
Good beers, good food.
Love this place the pizza is excellent, the service is top notch. The employees also make me feel like family.
I ordered the lox omelet which was delicious the only downfall was how massive my plate was that I couldn't come close to finishing it. The potato spuds were amazing and the pumpkin bread to die for\nMy mom had the Greek omelet and she said it was really great
The best sushi place for me by far in the northside. Hope you guys get to try this place out.
Greasy greasy! Flavored crust was not flavored. Garlic and herb but looked like they just sprinkled garlic powder on it. Couldn't really taste a difference. Won't be coming back.
I love getting a tan from Erika. She uses the best products and when I go there I leave knowing my tan is going to last. Love, love, love Botanical tans. If you are into spray tanning, definitely give it a try.
Gyms don't get better than this if you are a member.
Nice big place. Everything under one roof. I love it when they have their sales. My only problem is they send me a coupon but I cannot use it for the things i want because the higher end products cannot be included in their coupon (. Why bother sending .
If there is something I can say about the Bayside Buffet its STEAK TIPS. The steak tips are a must try! Also there is an auto pay system so no more long lines!
very large, very confusing, long walk in terminal 4 from gate D to C........long walk and no options.
This location is closed as of 1/28/14. Anyone know why??
What a great place off the strip and full of flavor great service and good value.\nWe will be back.  Thank you for a great experience.
Good costumer service the prices are good and the pizza is really good !
Food was good, service was dicey.  The waiters would congregate behind a service counter to debate. You had to get their attention by staring at them or making some sort of hand sweep. Probably won't go back.
The mustard mussels are AMAZING. The service is very attentive. I've never had a bad experience.
the quality of the coffee depends on the person who makes it..sometimes its amazing,other times i cant even go through my cup,they make the best redvelevet and strawberry cakes but every thing else i got wasn't good at all
Seriously some of the best fusion food I've tasted.  Thai, Vietnamese, and Chinese all mixed into one... Mmm mmm good!
My dog Finn always has a wonderful time here! I have him groomed here and he plays at the day camp! They always do the exact haircut and all the groomers are so sweet! :) I'm even thinking about bringing my cat too next time!
The mignonette for the oysters is fabulous!!
Great food and service.  If you're indecisive like me, get the tasting platter, you'll leave happy and full!
I have tried 3 or 4 dishes there and none impressed me. Their pad Thai is okay... One of those restaurants that I would eat at if I craved Thai and there was nothing else nearby.
The service was fine but the yogurt tasted off. My fianc\u00e9e got pineapple yogurt and it tasted spoiled. Some of the fruit tasted rancid. The only yogurt that tasted okay was the basic tart flavor. We won't be going back.
Hands down, the best Tortas I have ever had !  And I have had many. Try the Cubana or the Adobada, both are great. I have made my way around the menu and have never been let down. Great hole in a wall, nothing fancy, just great food.
Fabulous bar!! Cosy with sofa areas and service fantastic! Gets very busy on a Saturday so if you fancy a quiet drink, go when it opens during the week or on a sunday after a stroll or shopping!
This place is not as good as the one in spring mountain.  I order honey lemon green tea and let me tell u it was watered down with no taste at all.  It u have chance to pick between this one or the other go for the spring mountain one
This place is absolutely gross the bathroom is horrible the rooms are dirty the wait time is insane over 4 hours when someone is in extreme pain is insane! Avoid this place if I could give it -100 stars I would
Cheapest gaming tables downtown.   Weird atmosphere, very smoky, even dirty looking.  I haven't stayed here, nor do I recommend you do.  See http://cheapovegas.com reviews for reasons.  Somewhat dangerous location to get to at night.  Stick to daylight hours.
Every time I come here I'm blown away by the service and quality of the food. The bone-in ribeye was awesome.
This place has a good selection and its big. The positive remarks end there. Here are negatives: Anything remotely good is triple the price, everything is final sale, and the clincher, there is NO dressing room. I'll do my bargain hunting elsewhere, thanks.
Racist racist racist. I came on a Wednesday for pizza for the first time and the cook decided that it was okay to to start spewing racial slurs and making references thinking I wouldn't hear him. Gross.
Very Good, Nice owner. \nBring your own alcohol
Went through the drive thru to get some coffee and water today. It was a rather long wait, but when we finally got to the window they gave us our drinks for FREE! Such a nice and pleasant surprise. Thanks Starbucks!
Visited Stacks and Yolks for the first time today and the food was delicious and plentiful!  The service was prompt and attentive, and the restaurant was clean. I will definitely be back.
Taco Tuesday isn't a Mexican adventure of delicious sorts but its 1.50/taco so there's that.
Nothing special here. Food was acceptable, but nothing memorable service was Ok.
$30 for two people to eat \"In n Out\" quality burgers in a \"Chipotle\" atmosphere. Rip off. Save your money
This place is amazing. Love the atmosphere. Drink selection is good. The decor is ol church pews with doors for tables. Great date place.  The food truly stands out. Im a purist so i love the simple Bangers N Mash.   Eat here you will not regret it.
The bling lollipop is $25 while the refills are $12 for 3. Catchy concept but I don't see the value there.  Shop has other notables - sugar free selection and foot tall pez dispensers.
Only standouts are the prime rib and the fried seafood.  The dessert section in the middle of the buffet looks impressive, but only a few of them measured up.\n\nThere are better meals to be had in Las Vegas.
Everyone raves about this place and I'm not a huge fan. They put cheese on their potatoes.. you can ask any place to add cheese on your potatoes. I had a 3 cheese omelette and was super disappointed. It was tasteless.
Great food ,friendly environment ,awesome hostess will eat here every day I just love the food .
i spent nearly 13 dollars on a teeny tiny wimpy shrimp cocktail. the drinks in the lounge were over priced and the bartender had an attitude. the decor is from the 70's and unappealing. i dont see what all the hype is about.
Good location, older building but the rooms were clean and had updated television sets but other stuff was old. Decent restaurant with a nice breakfast buffet. Beware the $22 a night valet only parking.
All the juices I have tried always tasted good. But after they changed there cup sizes, raised the prices and charged for the booster, I thought it wasnt worth the money especially when your main customers are students on a budget.
Their beef shish kabob is by far the best kosher beef shish kabob in the US. It's delicious.\nTheir falafel and shwarma are ok.
They repaired a zipper on a piece of my luggage.It was done on time and at a fair price..
Large store.  Great selection.  Not too busy, so it's easy to find a representative if you have questions.
Nice staff, however the menu is a little disappointing. Would be nice if there was more variety than the standard Italian fair.
I'm so glad this location opened. Before this, we had to drive all the way out to Mesa to get a donut fix. The donuts are great; and when that sign is on they can't be beat.
This was one of the best meals I have ever had. Vegetable chopped salad and short ribs were out of this world. Service was outstanding and atmosphere was charming.
Just had to write a review. Every time I come here to shop, everyone is very friendly, personable & helpful. Lots of staff to assist. Love their little shop in town square. And... Love their liquid foundation, powders and eye pencils!
I have been taking lessons at Pilates body with Sara and Juliette for over a year now and it has been an absolutely amazing experience. They are extremely knowledgeable, highly skilled teachers. It has completely transformed my body. I HIGHLY recommend them. Worth every penny!
Am so disappointed in this bank.If you wanna wait along time this is the right place .its not just once it's every time.They see no urgency I don't want to talk about my weekend just deposit  my money plz .am never gonna go in this one again.
For the best partying during the day Marquee is the place to go! Youll love the ambiance and theres alway cite girls!!!!
Horrible Management Company. I would not reccomend this facility to anyone. Agree with Jack S, this company adds extra fees without notification. Mark Taylor ran this property well and Alliance is fradulent.
This is a relatively small Lowe's compared to the one at Price and Chandler. Went here a few times and they recommended to go to the other one to find what I was looking for. Good for simple stuff, but I would recommend calling ahead to see if they have what you are looking for.
This place wasn't terrible, but the line looked short, but looks are deceiving.so many open tables but they never sat anyone.  Very bad if you are hungry.  Long wait after waiting in le village line.  Had eggs Benedict, ok, the potatoes had a unexpected cajun seasoning.
Love these pies.  Apple Carmel is one of the best desserts in town.  I find myself craving the blackberry pie.  They are all good and present very well.  I put them out at my parties and everyone immediately starts talking about how good they look.  \nSupporting small business is another huge plus.
Delicious food, wonderful atmosphere, but pricey!!
This place was not the easiest to find, maybe it's because I just moved here. the place was so smoky that all of my friends that are smokers opted to go outside, said their eyes were burning from all the smoke. \n\nThe service was okay nothing for me to rave about.
Honestly, the bartender was kinda rude and the drinks weren't what we ordered. We moved to a table where a server brought us drinks, then held her hand out for a tip. I slapped her hand, finished the drink and left.\n\nNeat place, poor service :(
I was disappointed with their beef pho. There were only about 5 small pieces of beef and no herbs. I appreciate a variety of herbs to steep in my pho. At $8.75, it was overpriced, and the quantity was small. Wouldn't try this one again.
Gotta say. It looked like there were some interesting treats. But the flavor selection is not very creative. I expected more from a \"artisan\" gelato shop. Tasty but most likely won't go again, socks still on my feet.
Bruschetta and salads were ok. Service was friendly and attentive. Would like to explore more of the menu but worth a visit.
You come to this locals spot for the beers and greasy diner.  There is a Metro Pizza joint that offers 2 for 1 whole pizzas on Sundays. \n\n\nPlace is decent
AWESOME!!!!!!  Great dancing, good times! :)\n\nText Greek Fest to 90210 for promotions and discounts.
Always a good time! Very Smokey inside! They need better ventilation! I've now been here on two different occasions, and it's just so much fun! The songs are classic, they play requests for a donation, and they get the crowd up and roaring! The twins were playing on Saturday night. They did a fabulous job!
Message therapist Brittany was amazing!\nFront office staff would not  honor a voucher that had no expiration date. I was very disappointed in Alissa.
Hot water problems, heater problems, dried urine on the toilet seat, and I'm writing this review on the $9 a day internet.
Line was huge on Sat night. I see why...very good variety of ice cream, cookies and cupcakes. I got  salted caramel brownie sundae yummy. First time at new the linq next to flamingos casino. Cool place to walk shop and eat.
Disappointed :( It was dark and dirty. The bathrooms were disgusting. There were small nats flying around and the food was blah.  Our waitress was very nice and the over all service was good, it was everything else that was blah.
Heard good things about it.  Food is above average.  Wait staff is not very good, but extremely polite. Bottom line; entire dining experience took 2 hours and the end result.... its ok.
Very sad to learn that where the best meal I've ever had in my life is no more. Phoenix, you have lost a gem.
It was a great experience! We had a lot of fun, it was definitely an interesting experience, lots of team building. The staff there is great and I really recommend it to anyone trying to do something different!
It's like they took all the worst employees at surrounding fast food restaurants and stuck them here. They've gotten one out of 5 drive through orders right. Don't go here
This is by far my favorite Panera location in the Pittsburgh area. Friendly, plenty of room to sit, and good quality food & coffee. Panera is a great place to hang out and read the news - they even have free WiFi! Try their toasted sandwiches, especially the chicken bacon dijon.
So far not impressed. Ordered food and was quoted a 45 minute wait time. It's been 1 hour and 15 minutes and my food still isn't here!! If the foods amazing maybe it will make up for it. We will see!
This restaurant is in a class by itself.  The atmosphere is so cool that i could not resist taking pictures with my cell phone.  Great wines and exotic entrees that you will not find anywhere else.  This is the kind of place that when you leave, you can't wait to tell your friends about it.
Wow. I'm glad there's more than 3 options.    The broth is super tasty. A pork lovers heaven. All pork everything.
From the minute I walked in to the minute I left I was impressed.  The only negative thing I have to say is I can't afford to come back every night.
Who knew there was such great coffee in LV.  I try and visit every trip!  Their drip is a pour over using Hario:).  They always deliver on the Latte art and the ambiance is excellent.  Free wifi and dog friendly.
I've only been once, and it was my first time at Korean BBQ, so I wasn't sure what to expect. Our server was so nice! The meat was delicious, the sides were decent, and the blackberry wine we had was yummy. But it all seemed very pricey for what it was.
Hamburgers were great - onion rings were very bland - fries were great.. But greasy.  Service was great and timely - but the sound level was extremely - extremely loud (don't understand why-place was only 1/2 full..)
The best thing about this hotel was the awesome staff at the bar. The rest was rather meh. Not enough outlets, the bathroom was split in half and you couldn't control the room temperature.
Aloha Kitchen is my go to for Hawaiian food even though it is a fat drive for me it is totally worth the drive, the food is awesome, customer service is even better, the restaurant is always clean, the seating is good. This place deserves 5 stars!!
This place has a back woods diner kind of feel, It's cute! But the food is nothing special. Muffins we pretty good though...
The ratings on this place is pretty accurate, on a scale from 1 to 10 I'd give it a 7. There Mac n cheese is very good, there baked beans were average.  Mckoys BBQ is one exit from the fwy so out of the two I'd go with \"Mckoys\".
Love this place, the place is super clean. The staff were friendly and efficient. I order the burrito sweet pork with everything. It very good. I would definitely be back and try other things on the menu!
A great subway location!!  \n\nI like the fact that they offer to toast (not forced on you like Quiznos).
Simply the best food and service!
Rude employee. I ordered sub and sat down to eat and was asked to leave cause they were closing right at 9:00 pm. You could have said something when I was paying and not be so rude about it. I will not be returning to this location where there is no customer service. Smh
Best thin crust pizza I've ever had and I consider myself a discerning pizza connoisseur.  Service was great and the wait to get a table wasn't too long.  Overall it was a great experience and I look forward to going back again soon.
This place is a local favorite! The food is always fresh and very affordable, I've been coming here for a few years now and I would highly recommend stopping by whether you're just visiting the Las Vegas/ Henderson area or a local.
Retro is the word.  Looks like it got a great face lift about 1971 but hasn't changed much since.  Fantastic spot for a conference, but for a destination resort probably not your best bet.  Service definitely did not follow the \"customer is king\" philosophy.  Great omeltte though.
It was fine and very convenient. I should have booked online and could have gotten a better rate.
CLOSED.  This was a great restaurant with many vegetarian options and the shop owner was always friendly.  I went by there on 3/28/2011 and sadly, this place has now closed.  It's odd because it always seemed busy.
You will wonder why you've ever eaten anywhere else
Good food, great atmosphere especially if you live in the neighborhood.  Fun walking up or riding your ATV to hang with friends.
I was a little intimidated b/c I'm not familiar w/ the VM menu. I ordered the #3 Pho w/ shrimp, to go. Wow! The broth is so different and so good. The amount of food is enough to feed 2 people. I can't wait to go back!
I use to go here regularly and the last time I went the owner over charged me for such a simple yin and yang sign that was horribly done . They didn't even fix it and still charged me more . I do not recommend this place .
This place reminds me a little of a \"Greek Chipotle\". It is casual dining, a step up from fast food, with very good quality food and very reasonable prices. It is a perfect lunch stop and a welcome change from burger and sandwich shops.
I always have a good time here.\n\nKaraoke Steve is the nicest and the bartenders are great.\n\nStay away. Its too drunk collar for most of you and you'll be taking up table space..
Love that they make the guacamole right in front of you
Great cafe food. Professional and polite service.  The decor is really nice, especially that spiral staircase and basement seating area. \n\nMy new favourite breakfast/coffee spot. Luckily I relocated in the aera a few months ago, so it's never too far away for me.
I do like a good burger and onion ring combo and a milkshake to sweeten the deal. That is exactly what i got in a box big enough to feed two for 7 dollars it was a great deal. I will be back quite often.
Sorry but after seeing the bathroom, I will never eat here again.
When I'm craving Tommy's , this is my spot . I grew up on this in LA and since moving to Vegas from Hawaii , finding Tommy's here has given me a piece of home and I only live down the street
Could b friendlier.  Barely Any facial expressions\nPicked up jewelry I had re dipped, salesman barely looked @ me, didnt remove jewelry from little bags for me..just put them on counter...\"thats $160\"\nMaybe vamp up ur CS
Our first visit. The service was friendly but the  Food was bland. my husband had the chicken chimi and had food poisoning within 15 min of leaving.   Not planning to return
Got my order to go, when I arrived home, noticed one of the sandwiches was missing.  No big deal, mistakes are made, the rating is for the response I received when I called.  Acted like the didn't believe me.  No, come on back, we\"ll have it waiting, no apology, nothing.
hot and ready took 30 min and then they gave it to another customer! \nHas a \"C\" from the health dept!! The frame is hidden behind the dipping sauces!\nSo much for fast cheap pizza!!  REFUND!!
Not impressed. Out of the 20+ items , only one was truly good.  The itty bitty fresh made donuts were mouthwatering good. Nice try integrating Chinese breakfast with the congee but it was truly terrible.
Stay away from client advisor Alexander Smith (especially when you come ONLY to test drive).  He would pressure you to buy the car.  Very non-BMW dealer characteristic.
Burger with a twist! I got the pig burger which was flavored to perfection and my boyfriend got the mushroom burger also a good choice!
Good food but unprofessional employees. Bring it up a notch behavior-wise and you got a great eatery.
See below from Martha ...  Please make my life easier - go somewhere else.
We went here for brunch. Their selections were decent but there weren't as many options as other places in the area. For the price though, it was well worth it. Prime rib was great; they actually had medium rare. Omlet bar hit the spot as well. Service was good.
Toasted subs oh my. Wanted to try the pastrami and they were out. Bummer. Ordered the white widow, chips and drink for $10. No complaints.
I ordered the beef noodle soup which I couldn't even finish because it was bad. Maybe it was because we ordered it as take-out, but the noodles were very tough/chewy and so I only ate half (which was a struggle). The beef was far too fatty.
The food I tried was bad.  Not average but bad.  That makes it difficult to give this place more than 2 stars.  If I was just out for a beer before a movie this would be a good spot but I don't think i'd go for a meal.
Great little cafe, tasty treats to accompany your coffee. Place is a perfect stop while walking up to the castle
Vegetarian review: Grape leaves were good, lebni was decent, falafel was passable, hummus was awful.
Quality workmanship at an affordable price. I was able to get my 2012 Jetta repaired and they even worked with me on getting the extra money i needed that my insurance didn't cover
All workers are confused and we got passed around since they don't know which bus we should be on.  If you want a stressful start to your Vegas experience. Pick them
New Year's Day sushi with fam. Very fresh sushi and sauces today. Red rock roll looks big but it is actually quite light and tasty. \nSalmon sushi along with the garlic and Cajun sushi were excellent today.
Great supply store everything you need and offer ice storage bags to keep you foods safe till you get it back to you walk-in cooler.  Friendly staff and quality products
They are the most caring, thoughtful, and helpful group of people that work well together, willing to help any customers for any types of need in any situations. I really highly recommend them.
Not a huge fan of the overall disorderly atmosphere and inventory management, but food cooked on the premises is good, if a bit pricey. Service is hit or miss.
I purchased a Living Social deal for a massage. I had a great massage... can't beat the price. $25 for an hour.  Plus, they offered 2 more at the same price.  Money very well spent. I was impressed by all of the physical therapies and treatments available at the office.
Big disappointment.  Little competition for the nearby Milio's Subs.\nThe menu is a little confusing with silly mining names.   I think they are overpriced for the quality and my sandwiches were just ok and nothing that tasty.   Went there twice and went back to Milio's.
One of my favorite restaurants... Delicious food, healthy, inexpensive. Just a great restaurant.
Love the old Vegas style Casinos, espeically this one.  Not too huge, great single deck blackjack, and located downtown Vegas! What more can I ask for.  \nI have never stayed here, but always enjoyed visiting and gambling.
Showed up this Sunday and there was a dj playing some easy techno beats that even my mother could enjoy. Very pet friendly and our newborn enjoyed the sound levels as she slept through our late morning pick me up
The breakfast was just okay. It was expensive for the daily special, and the potatoes that the waitress recommended were not fully cooked and a little under done. I would not probably return or recommend.
This is a great neighborhood restaurant/bar. I went with friends on the recommendation of a Food Network host, and was not disappointed. The food is greasy, delicious, and comes in large portions.\n\nNot to mention, it's cheap. Be prepared to wait, though - it's a popular place!
Love dine in theatres! I won't go anywhere else!
Outstanding.  Try the sweet peppers appetizer.  Best restaurant in my. Leno by far.  Great atmosphere as well.
Suit and shirt were not ready when I arrived, but were rushed through. They both smelled foul, not sure if it was the cleaning agents they use or what. I had to rewash my shirt and have it recleaned after my meeting. For the meeting I had to use body spray to mask the smell.
I was pleasantly surprised by Fuddruckers!  The burgers are awesome and the garnish bar is a great idea!  Prices are very reasonable and the staff is friendly!  Don't forget a cookie, as they are to die for!
They have almost no customer service and and talk about you to other clients. Rude and only put in effort if you are a favorite client. I have been here before and was disappointed but I gave them another try to be fair. I will not be going back.
The food was average at best.   No big surprise that there was no diet coke.  The Milk shake tasted more like a cup full of ice cream with some butter.  The staff was friendly and that was a positive. I wouldn't go back but i also have had much worse meals.
I've been a Dutch brothers fan for 5 years now and not once have they disappointed. Exceptional service, amazing coffee (mindblowingly smooth and none of the acidity associated with Starbucks coffee) and an all around awesome experience!
Nail room has the best selection of gel colors and they're very sanitary. I love this place!!
Isn't the Chicago Style pizza I was looking for.
I lease computers from RedSeven for business and personal needs.  Excellent equipment, fair prices, and efficient technical support.  \n\nBeing a RedSeven customer is an easy way to eliminate the stress caused by computer issues.  Now I let them worry about that.
So so. Couple of employees watching movie on a laptop in the center table with external speakers full blast. Very unprofessional. It was a bit spicy though we asked for mild. They charged us two dollars extra for rice because we wanted to share our dish. Lame.
I like this location - good deals on workout clothes and shoes, its hardly every busy, and the salespeople are always friendly.
Happy Hour? It rules. \n\nThe food? It rocks. \n\nDrink selection? Most excellent. \n\nThe best part? OPEN LATE!
Fantastic fresh berries. A step away from the normal buffet - esp the normal casino buffet and service was spot on each time I was there.
Looks great on the outside. Interior is okay. Girls dance on the casino table at night
BORING...It's one of those \"very chic\" shopping venues that is  sterile and dull with all the same shops you can see at any high end mall.  I'd rather walk around the TL in San Francisco. It's more interesting.
Great staff. Good food. Always a great place to grab a quick bite. Usually the whole crew can find something they like.
This is the most overrated nightclub.  Do not waste your money.  If they wouldn't have so much business they would know how to treat their guests.
Great book selection.  Not a comfortable place to sit and skim your book before you purchase. Overall an okay experience.
Mini golf is always fun here. Lots of people, mostly teenagers. But friendly environment. The staff appears to hate their lives, but when youre having fun on the course, you forget.
Great red chile burros, tasty beans and super cheap.
For the love of donuts, Dunkin Donuts Corporate, please close this store! This location has been through many management changes, none of which are making significant progress toward a more enjoyable customer experience. Please get rid of everyone in the store and start over with someone who will execute the brand, or close it for good.
Just Run when you see this restaurant, noodles were horrible,appetizers come late and worst I got a stomach pain, for one hours I was in Allien movie, Little thing was going to burst out from my stomach with noodle on the top.
Pros: Fast taxi service, a people-watching mecca, decent amount of food/drink choices, and slot machines (although I've never heard about anyone winning big here).\n\nCons: I don't know why but many of my flights through here have been delayed, baggage claim always is slow and super packed.
Terrible pho. The soup has no flavor. It's like eating noodles and meat with water. I wouldn't eat here again. I tried them out at the annual foodie fest, 2014.
I got the grilled beef sandwich and the avocado smoothie. Things lacked flavor, but for the price that everything is--not bad. Or maybe I was just too hungry!\n\nIf you're low on money and crave sandwiches, then go for it.
Great for \"grazing\" and sharing plates with friends tapas style. Great location. Entrees selection is small
Been here twice.  Nice atmosphere but does not particularly stand out in the area. I have had a few beers, closed tab and moved on. Meh...
I have been going here since I was in high school, Im 27 now. Im so glad it has not become another hipster place that Mill Ave has become known for. I just wish they stayed open a bit later.
I love this place! Consistently good, and nice people. I always get the Falafel pita. Best in town!
Awesome burger, below average fries and a long ass wait. Would be 4 stars except they are like twice as much as In n Out, which I think is the only competition they have!\n\nPlus, this is Vegas baby...you need a drive thru and have to be open later than 10 PM!
Great little pub! The decor made me feel like I was sitting in a pub in the UK. The menu offers traditional British pub fare with a Wisconsin twist. Our very friendly server recommended the burgers and they were delicious.  I truly enjoyed my meal and the service. The Ginger Old Fashioned was a fantastic cocktail!
Sport Chalet only gets two stars from me because they do not carry ammunition which I was looking for on Saturday. I must say though, the staff was very friendly. The gentleman I spoke to did not hesitate to refer me to Dicks Sporting Goods. I appreciate the honesty and lack of excuses.
Hey what is the deal not being open on Labor Day ??? If I am going to drive over here from NW Phoenix , the least you could do is open up! Don't worry we were able to go to another Gelato place close by.
Extremely long wait.... Appointment was made at 4:00pm but in the waiting room for literally An hour and a half. (Still waiting) if you have better things to do in your life DO NOT Come here!!!!!!!
I love spasmatics I think it is the greatest thing to do on a friday night for five bucks.  The table are free the music is classic 80 and the beer is cheap.  They never get boring to me.  If you have never seen them give them a try.
Pho broth smells kinda weird.\n\nGood service, really friendly (so not Vietnamese like!).\n\nOtherwise, overpriced and there are better out there in AZ.
Best Mediterranean food in town! Perfectly cooked meats with tons of flavor. Excellent combos. All at reasonable prices. Plus the owner is one of the nicest people you will ever meet and helps support the Josh Stevens foundation.  https://www.facebook.com/JoshStevensFoundation
The bun doesn't do it for, to much bread to taste the brat. Large selection of tasty beers
Came here after one.\n\nQuit and clean.\n\nCan't complain about prices or customer service.
Brunch was garage save your time and  money and go to a real breakfast place.  2 hours for the wrong order of eggs and bacon.
Fighting Bob Fest 2011 was held here. Solid sports stadium.
Nice traditional Greek restaurant\nNice family\nTsaziki\nGreek salad\nBaklava\nAsked for additional olive oil, average taste nothing special
They have a good selection. Servers are friendly. Food is great except the limited selection for desserts. The last time I went there, the servers at the dessert section were chit-chatting. They know people were waiting but acted like they didn't noticed.
One of my new favorite spots , the service , the food , and especially the ranch were perfected ! I couldn't ask for more ! \nKeep doin what your doin
Great place for HH and unique food. Always hopping! Great vibe and I love the industrial/modern look and furniture! A hidden gem!
To my disappointment, the height of the palazzo structure blocks the sun from hitting nearly all pool areas. As a result, I had sunless pool time the entire four days. Huge disappointment if you enjoy tanning time or just regular Vegas sun intake.
Went there this morning and service was super slow! It took 30 minutes for one breakfast sandwich and the order was wrong.  The manager Barbara seemed like she had NO clue what was going on.
Switch is my favorite neighborhood, I go there a few times per week. My favorite food is the Thai tacos. The servers are friendly, the atmosphere is very welcoming and I love that I can walk home. Also, the wine list, drink specials and wonderful bread pudding keep me coming back.
Saw John DiCrosta here. Well worth the money - died laughing. Well worth the money. They have rotating headliners but from what I saw it seems like they get some great talent here.\n\n18+ only - the comedians cover quite a bit of adult content. They actually removed a 15 year old kid and his father.
Great place for all the furry critters, Great staff and owners all treat us so nice when we shop here...
I'm so angry and confused right now. Whoever came up with this concept should be beaten severely. I can't imagine how the elderly are taking it. I'd rather have hoards of obese children running and screaming, than this abomination.
A miserable front office.  Ridiculous wait times, even when showing up early for a scheduled appointment. It's been like that for years.  They're oblivious to thier own problems and must not give a rat's butt.
very disappointed.  all of the other reviews made it seem like I have been missing the best sushi ever and it was not.  for the price not worth it
Octopus was amazing, love all the veggies- particularly the mushroom dish. The ambiance was understated, elegant and terrific. Food took a little long, but worth the wait. The service was pretty impeccable :) Would definitely go again.
Three words--chilli cheese fries.  YUM!
The most AMAZING bananas foster gelato!  They used to have a full restaurant off of the strip that was much cheaper.  I would buy the largest size possible and keep it in my freezer.
great thai food in phoenix.\nhave tried a couple of the thai restaurant around phoenix, so far none of them hit my taste bud. this one does a job well.\nif you like thai food. this one will be the one to try.
First time going to a foot reflexology place.. They were running a lil late but definitely made up for it and I walked out a happy customer. I'll definitely be back again soon
The food was great and cheap, howEVER, you would think the wait staff would bring their AGame on a football Sunday in downtown Pittsburgh.  Our waitress seemed really frazzled and couldn't handle the crowd.  if we didn't wait so long I would have rated higher.
Fast service, good food and you can chose to match meat with vegetables and skip the same old side dish (potatoes, rice or pasta). Works fine when ever I go, but for groups must be a headache.
My Only Issue is the Sandwiches are TOO BIG!  LOL.
The worst customer service, and the longest delivery time I've ever experienced! After 2 hours the food showed up cold, the fingers were burnt, and the pizza crust was burnt as well. I posted pic's so please view them. Never again to return!
It was good, wasn't great.. Just average and no good gooey toppings like warm Chocolate or marshmallow cream
Lovee this place. It's kinda hidden in the Venetian. Garlic bread rolls are yummy!! If you like a sauceless pasta try the Spaghetti Aglio E Olio, it's just perfect.
Thomas and his awesome machine cleaned our carpets like nobody else has been able to.  He took the time to come in and move furniture and ensure all of it was moved back.  He is professional and have great prices.  We highly recommend him.
Pretty good barbecue!  nice lunch selection.  Loved my Louisiana pasta.  Lots of mushrooms with sort of a spicy gumbo sauce over penne pasta...pretty yummy.  Located in a really good area with lots of fun family activities close.  Lots to do.  nice service.   highly recommend
Took 15 minutes for hush puppies and 50 minutes for food.  Place not even busy. Went to the one by Mills and food came out 15 mins. And manager brought the food out like he did something. ... No silverware also.
