Great poker room, entitled poker dealers, Meh service, Meh food that is severely overpriced,
Fucking suckEd.   Very expensive and girls are shit.   Avoid like the noid
Eh. ER nurses are hit or miss on friendliness.
Hosted my last big event here in November and rented the entire restaurant. They are top notch here: food, service, prices, staff! Can't wait to come back!
I'm thoroughly satisfied with JR Window Tint.  This is a mobile service, making it very convenient for him to come to your home.  He stripped and reapplied new window tint on my car with precision and care.  He's affordable, professional, and a diligent worker.  It was easy to make an appointment with him, too.
Its not that hard to smile and pretend the customer exists.  They also burnt the breakfast food.  Don't go for breakfast.  They are more interested in talking to the other staff than working.
Our burger in the Sedona Room was fine but the wait was over an hour. @DBacks need to get this under control because it is terrible.
Tried out the location on Rural and Ray.  The service was friendly and fast.  Ordered the gyro wrap, which was delicious.  They provide a generous amount of  tzatziki.  Even the fries that came with it were good, crispy and golden brown.  \n\nWe will certainly go be going back.
Overpriced for the quality of food and service.  Might as well go to the strip for overpriced sushi.   \n\nAnd no Mil Disc.  If your gonna charge that much...at least provide better specials or discounts.
Great breakfast area and managers happy hour.  \n\nBig down fall rooms are dated, AC is noisy, fridge and bathroom fan is noisy.  Carpets in rooms and common area are dirty as well.  Gym is small and outdated.  Hotel needs a refresh to get to Hilton and the areas standards.
You can never get wrong with dunkin donuts. Huge private parking lot. Small place but easy to locate. Just right beside red lobster and just right at the corner of the intersection with the big sign. Good coffee.
This store is located next to AJs. I have used this place on a couple of occasions where UPS was required. Each time I have found the employees to be very friendly and polite and got me in and out quickly. The store is a little too cluttered but other than that, it definitely fulfills its purpose.
your emails are either scams or have never worked....get it together or stop sending them out.
Service Glacial (ignored by bar staff served by waitress from dining room while sitting at the bar).\nCod & Chips good, Mushy Peas Great.\nShepard's pie ok, portion small and seasonal veg cold.\nOver all not good & over priced.
Our first time here and we ordered the French dip and nachos. Epic fail!!!! The French dip was on hard bread with stale tasting dry dog meat strips!!! Oh and the nachos..ewwwww....the cheese sauce was sour and gross..\nNever again
Ok so this Shell Station is located in a good place. The car wash is so so, and it is good for a quick clean.   Gas pricces seem lower than most around the hood.\nThe service is good, people are nice.  You can buy a few bits that you need inside. All good, i likey!
Quick delivery, big portions, and absolutely delicious.  Just had the tree of life and cant wait to have it for lunch again tomorrow! :)
Never again will I go to Vegas without Chris and his crews help again, hands down the best Vegas trip all because of FVCP. Thank you for the great weekend.
Really bad service and staff.  They are nice until you have to return something.  You get that vibe like the return is coming out of the employees pockets. I'll stick to Pet smart because they always provide great service regardless of if you are purchasing, returning or just asking questions. Prices are cheaper as well!
Not friendly, very high prices. I would definately NOT recommend to buy a Single malt there. No whisky professionals. Unfortunately.
Im sure they have different comedians almost every time but my wife and i had some really funny dudes .....cant remember there names but it was a show that we almost died laughing.....
Excellent,  food and service! I recommend taco Wednesdays.  Their busy but fast and the chicken tacos are perfect.
We always seem to have the Jack Daniels ribs. they are so good they melt in your mouth. We have had other items on the menu, but the ribs are to die for.....
I haven't actually played here, but I've used the practice range many a time.  The staff is always friendly and the practice facility is amazing if not a bit overpriced.  It's a great place to work on your game.
It was ok. It is like someone who is drunk and this is what the craved for munchies. They combined a Panda Express with a Taco Bell into one dish. Also the fried rice was terrible
Terrible. All AMF locations are terrible. High prices, old equipment, no or little tv's.
Great place - the yelp reviews are spot on. Sipped the house Chard, ate their steak sandwich with the \"Frites\" (awesome) and people watched during lunch from the outside patio.
I waited 45 minutes for a set of pink and whites. There was only one other person having their nails done. The guy finally sat down and I said can we get this done in 15 minutes? I've waited 45 minutes and need to be somewhere. He's like, umm no. So I got up and left. Terrible.
Food was great. Waitress was happy and upbeat. Steady flow of customers and everyone looks happy with their meal. So an overall excellent experience. Happy we stopped in!
great food here.  fresh taste to everything.  just slightly overpriced.  great smoothies.  the chicken Cesar wrap rocks.  i love to eat lunch here and grab a seat at the front window facing grant and people watch.  nice menu selection and their soups hit the spot on a cold day.
Solid, if uninspired Lebanese food. They serve all of the basics, but seem to be riding on their reputation. Nothing is bad, but it is not great. The service is not that friendly and interior is pretty tacky (chrome plated stacking chairs).
had the porterhouse steak 12.99 special dinner\nsteak was tough, very gristly, not a steak I would want to eat in public because I kept having to pull half eaten bits of gristle out of my mouth and place on plate \nnot worth it
I think the rooms need an update. I mean, for the price, they're not spectacular. Staff were really nice though.\n\nThe casino and bar/club/restaurant choices are fine, typical Las Vegas. \n\nThe lobby is gorgeous, but you don't have to stay there to see it!
ew. i will never go back. just thinking about my experience makes me want to vom.
Love the atmosphere. An awesome place for getting into a great conversation with someone. The shake is very customizable, u can mix different flavors, you will find your favorite after some good digging and experimentation.
Food was amazing with amazing price to go with it. Orange chicken and noodles is what I had. The chicken was crispy very different from other place I've had.
I am not the biggest fan of pizza but decided to try it . The pizza was okay but I would prefer BJs
I had the Vitamin C Hydrating facial today and it was absolutely great! Angela was extremely friendly and knowledgeable. I loved my first experience and I already have my next facial appointment set up!
Decent most of the times cooked well. The last dinner we had my wife's broccoli was half cooked and raw. Not horrible but definitely a mishap. We hate sending food back as you never know what's going to come out with it. Not a disaster we probably be back.
5th time going to Layers, bad service every time. (employees act like they'd rather be anywhere else)\nFood is good, but not worth the cost you pay for portion size on most dishes. \nSadly disappointed.
A little disappointed.  We did the tasting menu which was okay.  When I reflect on it now the most memorable entrees were the octopus salad and the dessert.
This place lost its appeal real fast. Big, greasy, fast food pitas were only good the first couple of times. It kind of grosses me out now, actually.
Awesome food, our waiter Gene was the coolest, presentation was amazing.
Good milkshakes! Real ice cream. Serving size good enough for two.
It's interesting to know that if your money is not accepted by their checkout machines they will not personally accept it at all if the bill should fail to work.  Idiots.  Left a cart full of groceries at the check out as I walked out. Lost a customer and a sale.
Great pizza and nice location. I know that most people do not go to Verrado unless they live there or want to pretend that they are in Desperate Housewives. Grazie's is a great place to go for food and atmosphere. Take a drive and get some good pizza.
You'll get your tacos faster than you can say horchata and bursting with flavor. My favorite is the al pastor...anything...fries, tacos, etc. If it has the al pastor, I'm down. Their horchata is hit or miss. Sometimes it's too sweet
Typical sushi for the American taste. I wish they had more traditional Japanese dishes on the menu.
For good medi-middle eastern food this place is better than most in the East Valley. The food platters are sizable for the cost, and service is great. Probably the best chicken shwarma I've tasted in Arizona.
There are way better resturants in the area. My tomatoes tasted like dirt. The waitress was weird. Meh.
Freaking best Thai food eva! Low everything I've had there. I will definitely be making this place a frequent stop in my endeavors of satisfying my cravings!!!
Loved the inside and ambiance. I ordered the white pizza which was alright. I had a hance to try the green chili which was alright as well. Service was decent and friendly. Prices were a little steep but being so far north they have to compensate I suppose!
I eat there every week.  I order the jerk chicken every time or the chicken soup. When I come into the restaurant, they just ask if i want my usual.
The shower drain was clogged....The rooms aren't that great, but if you're a poor college student or poor postgrad...then it's not that bad.  Great location.
Just stopped in for a coffee and a snack. Friendly place with pretty good food and great coffee. Definitely recommend
Ods limos do not have A/C in their limos. Beware before booking in Las Vegas in the summertime. Horrible, horrible customer service. Very nice chauffer. I felt very bad for him. He had to where a suite in over 100 degree weather. The poor guy kept apologizing.
For Vegas strip Pho....it's ok.  Service is slow and pho soup broth is average.    Way overprice though.  Post drinking .....cure
It's alright. Don't need to spend money here. \nOverall 8/10 atmosphere 8/10 food 8/10 service 8/10 \nFood is ok not good not bad~
Lousy. Do not use this service.\n\nGot tricked with the $15 ad and paid $75 for the same service I was quoted $45 for.\n\nDisgusting.
The steak was burnt on the edges, the salad lacked freshness and the baked potatoe was a little salty. The service wasn't too bad.
Prices are wonderful! And such great customer service! My car sounds great! Mo is the best
We were visiting from Seattle and decided to go to this steakhouse based on the Yelp reviews, and it did not disappoint! The service, the food, and the wine were outstanding. The staff was such a pleasure to interact with and they were very attentive to our every need. I highly recommend this steakhouse.
First time here, loved the Pimento Cheese Fritters, burgers were great.  Great service and just a fun place!
We've been here several times and we were disappointed this week. Our heirloom tomatoes are soft and near rotten. The grouper had an ammonia taste to it. My grilled salmon was very bland. The best item was the dessert butter cake and whip cream. To summarize, disappointed and expensive.
Sorry but I have a different opinion. They give you mostly hard meat. Not real meat and it's not worth the price
This is actually one of my favorite airports...especially if you have a lot of time to kill between flights. There are great food options all over the airport, plus a really beautiful atrium with dozens of rocking chairs where you can take a load off and people watch for a while. The business center is great in a pinch, too!
Been there a couple times and the bartender's are never usually, at all nice.  A simple \"hello\" with a smile makes anyone feel good.  These people never heard such a thing.
So many wonderful students at this academy. In particular, Sara groves is now working at Ulta on 20th street and camelback in Phoenix :)
My wife and I love sushi and try to find the best places in the valley.  I would say this place has a good selection of specialty rolls and basic rolls.  They are good across the board especially if you go during happy hour for the price.  I would say it was just good nothing special that stands out from others.
Adam was very professional and reliable.. did a great job too.  He is going to come back and do some of my home windows next week.  I would highly recommend his for your tinting needs.
Pretty good fast Hawaiian! The chicken katsu is delicious. A little pricy in my opinion but still good
Awesome modern speakeasy with great original cocktails, friendly staff, and 1920's/30's jazz on the speakers. I bring friends here all the time and it has never disappointed.
Awesome place, great drinks. Seriously its a dope hang out away from the strip to party at night. Hookah outside, dance floor inside and the service is always good.
It was okay. I actually didn't like the food at all and thought it could have been much better. To their credit, I've been told they're known for their food so I will try it again with different results hopefully!
Wow, try the salted carmel chocolates! They are exquisite. This shop can get a little pricy depending on your level of chocolate addiction, so just buy what you need, & love. The chocolate cupcake had great flavor but was a tad dry on this day, so I took a star off the overall review.
After a terrible day in the air with two flight cancellations and delays I ended up in Phoenix on my way to the Bay Area. The servers, mine was Anthony was so considerate, and the tacos were fabulous.
This is my usual stop area when I'm craving for milk tea.  Same menu as San Diego but customer service definitely needs improvement. I found a new place in LV called Tea Time Cafe by centennial & customer service and quality is superb! Should check it out sometime.
they're...just...so...damn...good!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Awful, service is awful\nfood not cooked all the way through\nwill not recommend it at all.\n\nTHIS IS NOT FOR KIDS AT ALL OR BABIES.
Cappuccino was good.\n\nWould have been 4 stars with some fresh lemon.
Why are the prices increasing as the competition disappears. Ever since circuit city went under the prices went up drastically. I also don't like when the push the extended warranties.
Capital Gains can't gain on this guy!  Say 10-4 to the 1040 and watch him smackdown like the WWF on your W2.  This guy even makes MY finances look legit, so he must be doing something right.
I stopped in for a pedicure based on the reviews. What a gem. Nothing fancy but everything you would want in a nail salon: friendly service, good selection of quality polish, excellent foot massage, good prices. I will definitely be back.
Absolutely the best spot to get ur nails done! Trinity is amazing and I wouldn't trust anyone else with my nails! Been having her do my nails since I moved to Phoenix almost 6 years ago and I haven't been disappointed yet! Deff recommend asking for her if you stop in.
Very delicious Italian food. Great views of the strip. Get a table by the window! Could do without the random serenade guy walking to every table to get tips for singing to you, but it is a unique touch. Very enjoyable experience in all.
I usually like Pizza Hut, but every time I have ordered food from this location, the pizza has been burned and the wings undercooked... How does that work?!  I finally gave up and stopped ordering from there all together!  I go to Dominos! Great Pizza at Dominos!!!
It's ok good but the amount we paid I had hoped for something better. Of course it's Great Wall so I expected nothing great. But sadly in Maricopa it's all we got unless you want panda. If you want the good stuff I suggest getting a cook book and making it yourself.
Great place for good food and good people. Beer on tap is great.
Worst Vegas buffet I've ever eaten at for lunch. There's hardly any desserts or side dishes. Half of the thier food was dry (chicken, fish, turkey, etc.) Definitely not coming back.
They stopped having UFC fights on a regular basis, so won't be frequenting as much. I'm not happy about it but i guess times are hard. It's a shame :( I wish them success & maybe we'll be back again one day soon!?!?
My favorite low-key spot! Food takes awhile to come outta the kitchen but still tastes great. The pizza is the best! Cheap drinks, great atmosphere to just relax with friends. Not all Inn Zones are created equal!
Nice enough but \"too busy\" to attend to guests in the way you like for a spa.
Beautiful and new !
Nope!
We had an appointment with this company yesterday. No call, no show.\nNice way to do business.
Great staff! Great classes!  Great studio!  My daughter LOVES her Cheer/Pom class.  Miss Alexa is full of energy,  fun and great with the kids.  Lindsay,  the owner is so friendly and so welcoming.  Starz In Motion is a MUST for any dancer, any age!
pay the musicians what is agreed upon. this sort of uncool practices spread fast and furiuos1
Do not recommend come here for food. Food is super slow and service is bad. Dont let the photo trick you, the food is alot less and different from the photos...
This is the best Chili's in Charlotte. Consistently awesome! Great boneless buffalo wings and the best mac and cheese.
lemongrass chicken, house fried rice, pork rice rolls, house noodle soup.\n\nthat's all i need to say.  i will fly to arizona just to eat any one of those things.\n\nand to see david.  he's the next best thing about veg house.
Delicious. It's the most authentic Mexican food you can get on State Street. I've only gotten takeout, so I'm not sure how the \"in-restaurant\" experience is, but I do know the food is great. My favorite is the carnitas tacos w/beans and rice. Always satisfying.
Food was okay, nothing spectacular to brag home too. Service was good and staff were attentive to our tables needs. On the plus side, they do have a gluten free menu.
Great food and service. One of the girls even gave my son a quarter for the little toy machine. I love their spam musubi! My son loves the food, my husband loves the food and we have been here twice now:)
Burrito Express is a delicious choice for a Mexican lunch. It is very different from the local taco stand (Filiberto's or Amado's) but that does not mean that it's not as good. The tortillas are extremely tasty.
This hotel earned a 5 star yelp review from me and my family. Not one complaint very high end. Will definitely stay there again!
I have gone here a handful of times in the 5 years I have lived in copa and most times it was horrible the food was dry and tasted like it had been sitting on the counter in back for hours ...but in my most recent visits it seems to have improved greatly. Hope it stays that way....
this place is no longer Sheraton... go view InnPlace's reviews for the most recent experiences.\nhttp://www.yelp.com/biz/innplace-hotel-phoenix
Wasn't what I expected really. It's more like a mini-aquarium...definitely better/geared towards kids, not good for \"dates\" \n\nThey also didn't have many different animals here, just two sea turtles for now.
Horrible service!! Not friendly at all. I asked for a couple of sauces, they told me I would have to pay 52 cents! What happened to customer service? Worst mcdonalds I have been too. Cheesy move on their part. Giving them one star is being generous
Trying too hard to be upscale, with none of the effort you would expect to accompany such high prices and professional demeanor. I don't mind paying more for quality, but the only thing that was 5 star was the view and the price.
We use to go there however it seems like they started skimping on the meat.  Too much filler stuff and not enough meat and the customers think maybe I could just do this at home.
Pizza is fantastic. Service is marginal. Kid friendly interactive tables upstairs rarely work properly. \n\nKitchen is ridiculously slow but if you've got time and patience for a forgetful staff the za is worth the wait.
Love this place, food quality is alright, but their delivery team is amazingly quick!
Have ate there several times since my last review and the food has always been amazing. There have been a few minor customer service issues but able to overlook due to the quality of the food. Today though, I placed a delivery order and it took an hour and fifteen minutes to arrive and was mostly cold on arrival.
I liked the original terry track suits, but those are like, so 5 years ago.  Besides, the girls sold out (and who can blame them) to Liz Claiborn or some other mass producer.  These clothes are probably made in China now.  No thanks.
Incredibly unresponsive - I can never get a hold of TKS Handyman Service.  This is the second time I've needed something repaired at my place and both times I've left messages and called multiple times - never a response.
Okay the food was good, delicious creations and vegetarian friendly. The only problem I had was when that huge Marmaduke dog showed up and a couple of the Waitresses/Waiters went to rub him. I saw not either of them go and wash their hands. That's the only reason they don't get five stars.
Everything was great here tonight. Good service great food with unique flavors. Saturday night entertainment on the commons was an unexpected bonus. Try the grilled artichoke appetizer and the gnocchi with braised ribs was excellent.. I'll come back.
Closed cause it was overpriced and terrible. :)
Pork BBQ sandwich was very good.  Two available sauces at the table, one vinegar based, one saucy...both were good.  Beer on the menu to include some local NoDa options.  Service was quick and friendly.
Great atmosphere & food.  Service was not great...........
Vegan chicken ranch wrap is huge and delicious! Came with a big bed of spinach salad side.
Nice environment. Good coffee. No wifi.
I went here with a yelp deal.  The service was great, the food was very good.  I had a gyro and my mom had a vegetarian platter.  The portions were generous and very tasty.  I will be back when I am in town again.
A fantastic place for breakfast & lunch in south Tempe! \nSo glad you opened in my neighborhood!!\nJeff, the owner, is so passionate with food, he uses high quality ingredients and make wonders with every single item on the menu! Refreshing!
One of the more spacious and industrial Paradise Bakery locations, and another one that does not provide Equal Sweetener.  Not nearly as loud as other spots, particularly during the weekend morning rush, but unfortunately the noise comes in the form of Country Western music.  :-(
After trying pizzas from various places in the Burgh, this place provides the best experience. The basic margarita pizza is filled with so much flavor and try and combine this experience with a cappuccino or a gelato!
Not the best breakfast like it advertises! Waitresses are very unprofessional!
I think some people have lost touch. $3.75 for a cup of coffee?  At least they could get some bigger cups. I won't be back.
Didn't allow take out at lunch (I wanted rolls). One table seated and 5 people at the bar. EPIC FAIL. Everyone was next door watching the games in the betting area (NFL playoffs). not eating there. Ever.
This is as good as it gets in Phoenix.  There are no 4/5 star spots in this town.
Love the wings and burgers here. If you are coming to eat have the wings or the burgers!!  Everyone is always really nice.
We were so hungry after going to Chippendales and decided to stop here since most of the other places in the Rio were closed. The portions were pretty big, we ordered 4 items and shared it among 6 people and still had leftovers. My favorite thing was the sliders. So good! :)
Food was good, monday night rack of rib special, meat fell right off the bones! service at the table was good. My only complaint was when we walked in the door, the hostess ignored us for a time as she was too busy hiding her cell phone inside her drawer at her podium and texting.
I used to do most of my grocery shopping here once I finally had a car at school.  Four stars because it was the first grocery store I saw that sold something called, \"Smack Ramen.\"  Why this is so amusing to me, I still don't know.
Huge, huge \"battleship\" sandwich w Italian meats + bologna, exotic malt liquors, craftsmanship, and a barred window entrance hiding it's charm. Great experience.
Very beautiful place! \n\nMy brother just had his wedding here and we all had a great time. They need to do something about all the duck poo everywhere though, gross.
I'm here right now and it smells like feet. This place could use a deep cleaning. Service was good though.
Tuesday night sweet tooth went unsatisfied as we started to order some frozen desserts.  Only to be shot down with, \"I'm sorry but we're out of ice cream tonight\". WHAT?  Are you kidding me?  Plenty of other spots to go for dessert and we will not be coming back here.
Leah is exceptional at lash tinting and brow shaping/tinting.  Her prices are reasonable and  her work is quality.  She has a good eye for detail and never\nrushes.  I also like her facials which are a wonderful  value.
Love this place! Excellent cooked noodles, clean place, tasteful decor, fast service, great portions, and reasonable prices!! I am so happy my friend took me here to eat. Will be frequenting this place- a LOT!
Hidden gem of the Strip District, the food is excellent and being in the basement gives the restaurant a unique vibe. The food was cooked perfectly, I highly recommend the shrimp quesadilla and the chicken tinga tostada, kind of messy but definitely worth it! We will be going back sooner than later!
the \"bangers\" are very good at what they do. unfortunately, if they don't know your song, they won't play it... even if you tip. boo.
Service was terrible and staff was very unfriendly!
Tiny place they don't make their own juice but the flavors are good. A little on the pricey side. I had to try it though. I won't go out of my way to go there but I would go back if I was in the area.
They've got the best ranch dressing I've found so far in Arizona. They've got burgers they got pot roast they've got old style cooking anything you want it is a great place to go.
All the flights are delayed aaaaaaaaaa
Best pizza in AZ! Everytime we go Tony always greets us by name and makes sure everyone has the same experience. Sodas for customers waiting on their to go order.. garlic knots for first timers... and every customer is a family member to him! Amazing customer service and food!
Best views I have ever had of the strip have come from Ghostbar.\n\nJust watch out for the see-through section of the balcony floor as it is a total mind ______. That totally freaked me out and I was completely sober!
Clean and New.  Better service than most.
Do not order the fish and chips. It was inedible. I went home and had a bagel, which was much better.
I like Bandera. The food is upscale bar food but the presentation is good and I love the wood smoke flavor the meats have. Some of the servers are a bit uppity but in general they are very professional and quick. I will keep coming back. I love the cornbread appetizer.
Nice bar that wasn't crowded when me and wifey went.. Plenty of pool tables and ice cold beer..
I tried this out after getting a Groupon for $25 and it was nice. Only suggestion is that you need to make sure you are there early to get a good spot on the floor because it gets really packed.
Amazing teriyaki chicken bowl! I love it , huge portion and great taste . If there was a little bit more veggies it would be perfect but overall very great place.
Yes it's a cheap place, you get what you pay for and that also includes horrible customer service.
If you haven't experienced the new seasonal menu, do yourself a favor and head to Barrelhouse. The foie gras brioche bread pudding, in particular, is out of this world.
This place is incredible. Every town should have a cookie place that delivers late at night. Maybe a tad less expensive, but other than that - this place was probably created by a genius.
In town for one night and my friend recommended this place for a late night snack. Ordered the carne asada burrito. It was.........ok. Not that great but it wasn't that bad. Got the job done in making me feel bloated and full so no complaints here.
Not the greatest
This is a high class hotel but a little bit old. Vintage Style(?). Staffs are very helpful.\nGood size room for 4 people. Don't forget to ask the fountain view room. Buffet is reasonable price $33/weekday, $39/weekend for their food are very fresh.
Better than Starbucks. No contest! And super friendly...doesn't feel like a franchise.
The bad breath burger is as great as everyone says it is! The garlic potatoes that come as the side are also incredible.\n\nThe guac, pico and pickled veggie plate is very good. The chips are cold and incredibly thick.
The service is ok but the food is not worth it.  Found a 10 inch strand of hair in my food!! Gross
I'm writing a review for the bar more so than the pizzeria. Love the bar namely for the bartenders. Great food and deals. Nice spot to make your usual hangout. Chill atmosphere.
This show have completely redefined art.
Solid hotel. Free wifis. Will go back for sure.
Amazing food, horrible waitress, we asked for a teaspoon and she said they don't have any, then brings a teaspoon anyways???? Idiot! She should be fired.
Horrible place to work! If you work in technical support they are mo worried about selling customers more service than fixing the issue. This is FACT! I was fired because I didnot meet sales quota and I was hired for technical support.
Worst Starbucks I've ever had. I asked for less ice in my coffee so they substitute it with milk. Seriously paid for iced milk
This place is good if you want a quickie! Good Japanese hibachi and an inexpensive place. It is a simple restaurant with no fancy decor. No private parking. Large dining room and has public restrooms! Would recommend!
Still lovin that New York Steamer.   Can't review anything else on the menu since I am stuck on that hot and savory pastrami and brisket sub.  If it ain't broke,  not fixing it.  Happy to be hooked.
I recommend using Jason for any trip or event in Vegas.The customer service he provides, is nothing but perfect. I went out for my buddies birthday celebration and the whole weekend was full of excitement and amazing memories. I will never go to Vegas and not use Jason!! Thank you Jason for the best time ever in vegas!!
Yes, I\"ve had better.  Not the best burgers. We came on a wed night so it was not very busy.  The guy who took our drink order was kind of rude but our server was nicer.  We didn't come back after this one time even though we stayed at the Flamingo.
Awesome place! Wonderful food n Great staff! Service is fantastic! The french toast is amazing. I like the daily specials as well. Lunch has always been a nice treat. Prices are fair. Casual too. Some of us rolled out of bed and came straight here lol.
Needs more books and homeless people. DVD collection didn't include Jingle All The Way and the place feels off putting. One star.
when you go there ...watch out for the lady changing the fruit and salad station.  They wear gloves, BUT, handles cleaning rag, then puts her same hands back in the food.  NASTY and contaminating.
Chipotle has consistently been one of my favorite places to eat.  The food is prepared in front of you as you head down the assembly line towards the cash register.  The ingredients are fresh, never frozen, and always flavorful.  While it's no Cafe Poca Cosa, for fast Mexican food, it's tough to beat.
The wait was over 30 minutes and the waiter was next to the worst. \nEven the mgr offer us a free dessert, but then the waiter said it was only for one.\nSmh!r\nIf I wanted to I could buy this place.
Great sandwiches and very reasonable price.  I got the roast beef sandwich.  Highly recommended for any budget conscious family trying to not spend a fortune for lunch.
It was nice new and clean. I got something from the deli and the bakery.
Adequate.  The free Thai tea for my first Yelp check-in was nice.  The panang-gai wasn't spicy at all and was a bit bland.  The rice didn't smell or taste like jasmine rice.  I'll try again and let you know.
Owners are the sweetest girls!!! The food is good. The bacon salad is yummy and huge! Patio allows you to bring your well trained dogs to have lunch with you.
Have had pedicures here before but they keep getting progressively worse. This time water was so hot ended up with first - degree burns. Woman was also very rough in handling feet.
I have never been more disrespected by an auto shop.  Not only did I have to take my car back in 3 times but I was verbally abused by the owner and a mechanic.  I was told to never come back and believe me that won't be a problem.
Had a scheduled appt for these guys to come out and fix patio door-no show-no call-didn't return my call. Tells me they are independently wealthy and don't need new business.  Advice to everyone, Pass on this one when looking
The food is awesome, the bartenders rock, the owner (?) is an obnoxious drunk so I no longer go
Had the grilled shrimp taco combo, wow... It was pretty good.  I will be back!
I love the poker palace, last couple times we were in Vegas we drove up here for some 21. The dealers are super friendly and the drinks are cheap, this place is in no way scary! Will be moving to Las Vegas soon and plan on coming here regularly.
Not bad overall, but it's definitely hit or miss on the employees level of apathy. The drive thru closes earlier than most Taco Bells for some reason.
my boyfriend and i both got the bbq brisket- i got the protein plate, which has no bun. his was horrendously dry and mine was horribly greasy. the corn bread was tiny and hard and the sides were awful. my first and last vist!
Another win from Sing Sing. Emailed them a pdf at 6pm on Thursday. Got a quote and a proof back at 6:15pm. 2x3 custom foam board was done by 2pm the next day. 20hr turnaround. Not. Too. Shabby.
Great beer, amazing food. Parking is the only drawback. It's like being in a real city.
Service was friendly, food was good but arrived really late. I would still recommend this place because I loved the food.
Must try the Chicharones de queso, carne asada torta, guacamole is amazing, and try to get a few of the street tacos. Amazing!
Great salads. Very filling. And super waitstaff.
TWO WORDS - inconsistent & indifferent
I love the food... too many house flies for me to deal with!!  On six or seven visits the flies are terrible... with the open lamb meet it makes me sick to think about it.  If they do something about it then I will be back for sure!!!
Sushi not so good compared to blu sushi...although teppan was good...blu definitely has best sushi in town
The most outstanding customer service and extremely efficient wash, details, and oil changes! Anything and everything I need exceeds more than my expectations. I go to this wash at least two times a week and I leave happy every time!
Just Called their office number and the voicemail says that they are no longer accepting new work or new customers. :(
We have no life so we LOVE frozen yogurt! This is the best place we have had... AWESOME!\nAnd I can always come in my pj & dying my hair :)
Love coming here its never over crowded \nserver are nice sometimes they forget to bring you the glass of water or something extra you order like olives, but never the food they always bring it on a good timing and food always delicious
The plusses: some solid beer, great cheese curds, excellent back garden with plenty of seating.\n\nMinuses: service can be slow, some not-so-great beers.\n\nOverall a nice find in Madison that handled our big group pretty well.
Ate here 3x in one weekend. Love the orginal (#1 I believe) with extra horseradish sauce. \n\nLike other yelpers have said, their Tuna Melt was excellent. Will definitely eat here again.\n\nOf note... it's open 24hrs!
Food was mediocre I've had better Hawaiian food.  The service was slow seemed to only care about their regulars.
I was craving a burger & decided to try Sonic.  It was so good, I will be back again.  Yummy for my tummy!
Horrible place - they ran out of buffet items at 1:30 - then kept promising that they would come in 10 minutes for the next hour.
Not a big sushi fan but at 10pm this turns into a club. Music wasn't great to me. I thinks it just a big fashion show for young people. Didn't stay long
Great prices and helpful staff. Free pool water tests and free advice to keep your pool crystal clear.
This Marshalls is not very organized. \nIt's a typical Marshalls tho...\n\nGood seletions to choose and buy. \nBut the store needs a lot of improvements on being organized.
Love this place!!great place to hang out with friends and watch a game or catch up at lunch.Service is great and menu has something for everyone. love the nacho plates!
Manager contacted me, explaining some of the recent problems.  I appreciate the effort, and for that I'll add a star.
First time I had this place after my friends were racing about EARL's! Was walking back to our hotel pretty late and we stopped by. So Good. This place will have to be a routine every time I come back! BRAVO...\n\nFood: 8.5\nService: 6.5
Delish food, not so great sevice. Waitress brought the wrong drink to my lunch date and NO ONE who worked there knew what was in the chicken salad. More than likely will not return (even though my french dip was VERY tasty)
Had an amazing Dinner at Buon Gusto this evening.  The Spinach dip is amazing--and GLUTEN Free!!!! The Pizza is always perfect and the new Chocolate Tart was out of this world.  This is one of your favorite places--Great food--Outstanding Service always makes it a hit!!!
Addicted
Selection, more than anything, was the main draw at this medium-sized store. Ted Baker can be relatively hard to find, so was great to browse everything together. Plenty of pretty dresses in Ted Baker's punchy style. Good selection of clutches and accessories as well.
Pretty good food. There mole enchiladas are my favorite thing on the menu.  Some of the dishes seem to have some other Latin cuisine inspiration (such as plantains).  Not necessarily a bad thing, just a bit different.
Yuki and Alice are both great nail techs! I have gone in several times for gel polish and every time it lasts for three weeks! No peeling, chipping or lifting and it only runs $30, which is about $5-$10 less than anywhere else I have gone.
Clean but staff isn't very friendly. I started writing this post last week and still have the same feedback after my visit today. Great location, clean however the staff is slow and not friendly to customers. \n\nDisappointing to say the least!
While their sandwiches are tasty, there's just not enough for the price.  It's crowded and just not worth it when Quizno's and Subway are throwing $5 footlongs at your feet.
Tommy V's has a good happy hour selection and wonderful food.
Been there two times. First time was the bomb, younger guy heck of nice.  2nd time not so great younger gal kind of rude. Food is great but need to work on customer service. :(
I showed up at the drive up window with no answer: first at the speaker and then at the window and I know they were open. I guess they just don't like customers here.
Super interesting place.  There are always new and crazy exhibits!
It's Cracker Barrel but the one off of Dobson and the 202 has a server, Reggie, that is awesome!!  He loves his job and he is a foodie!  Great job!
Great personal service!  Intimate setting!  Great selection!  They go above and beyond the call of duty!
Close to downtown if that is where you need to be.  Cheap room.  Terrible food from room service, raw steak full of grizzle.
Dr. Maloney was absolutely helpful and friendly! great optometrist to go too!
They always have a lot of employees but nothing every seems to speed up. The lines, wait, and food take forever. Like everything though since the other one is inside a very busy Wal-Mart your better off waiting in line here.
The fucking employees are incompetent stop hiring highschool dropouts. When we got back the order was wrong the fries were cold, was so exited when they recently opened, with the shitty service and even shittier food i hope the shut this place down
Ate here twice during vacation! The Loco Moco is one of the best! The Spam Musubi was perfect and at a good price! Definetly coming back!
Food is great! Big portions too! Only thing that could make it better is if they turned on the A/C and turned down the music....
Love this spot! I try to stop here everytime i'm in the area!
Good, but certainly not great.  I feel the menu is a bit pricey, considering the atmosphere, and food quality.  Did I like it?  Yes.  Would I go back or recommend, probably not.  Service was excellent.  Just nothing special, and higher prices not justified in my opinion.
Just have the cake.
Horrible snobby service. Took forever. Just wanted a drink with a coworker on a great looking terrace while visiting Canada. Decided not to eat there even after we read reviews of other experiences.
Visiting with my parents and they were pretty indecisive tonight. We ended up at vida and they my parents were super please with the food
When I'm in the mood for Chinese food, I always choose this over the Japanese/Chinese/sushi restaurant a few doors down. The prices are a bit better, service is a lot better, and the food is delicious.
Wor Won Ton Soup is good on rainy days and when people are sick. Order to go because they are close to the house. Truthfully, Panda Express at the Vons down the road works better if your looking for a better quantity to price ratio.
Decent, but cramped and most of the furniture simply isn't my style.  Some credit is due for their food and wine selection, but to be fair you can find most of it at Whole Foods at a similar price.
Used to love this place. What happened to the good bartenders?  Sad. Empty now. Only thing left is the view. Not long before it is closed.  It had so much potential.
Heard the music from down the street so i was looking to get my groove on. Didnt expect there to be a huge pool in the middle of the club. No room to do anything really.
I felt very taken care of, everybody was so kind.
Absolute fan of any Savers in any city.\nSo much more browsing. Is it better than Goodwill? I'd say they are about the same with the exception of the books. Books at Savers are less expensive than Goodwill.\nI'm a Savers shopper.
They have lost the touch. Food quality has decliner over the years. Customer service is not very enthusiastic either. They need to bring more energetic people and make food from scratch not just the frozen kind from Sysco
Service is great. Outside seating in mild weather is awesome. Chicken Mac and Sausage Mac were both great. Veggie pizza was fresh and yummy. Beer sampler was fun to try!
This is the best bike store I've been to yet in the Tempe area.  I've only been here for cheap parts, but they've got a wide selection of bikes and parts.  The staff are nice and helpful.
The restaurant has authentic food, but the taste was average. Waiters are friendly and service is good.
It was fine for the area when you're in town for work and need a place close to the hotel/mall. However, I would not recommend.
Been here 3 times ate twice. Gyro pita was ok, lamb schwarma had almost no seasoning and last night there were 3 people at the register an no one bothered to acknowledge me let alone seat me, while the \"wait to be seated sign was up.
Was good for the price
Love this place! We didn't want to wait in the ridiculous line to get into Marquee, so we decided on STK instead, so glad we did!!!!! The vibe was so chill, they played hip hop and dance music all night. Our waiter was awesome too
Service is great, but food is just mediocre. \n\nThey have a pretty good selection of food but nothing too extraordinary. \n\nExpect to pay around $30 per person for breakfast.
Got a direct call from the dealership and spoke to a nice guy. I appreciate the customer focus - they are back on my good list now :) thanks!
Very friendly staff and the service was decent.  The food is good, but I thought it was expensive for what you get.
Dr. Downs and his staff really care about improving your health and it shows!!!  Great exercise equipment, message chairs, hand massages and adjustments!  Thanks to all the caring staff and to Dr. Downs!
Was better when it was blu burger
This one's ok but you really need to be aware of your surroundings because there are so many strange people here- druggies, tired as hell looking people. The selection of food is good. Not well-maintained. A security guard is at the door. The parking lot is a mess- the lot is adjacent to Burger King.
Amazing place! The staff always goes above and beyond. They carry many different items and costume pieces, accessories, SFX makeup etc. There are so many great options.
I have never eaten Thai food before so my first experience was a good one :)
Chicago dog was awesome. Great selection of craft beers on draft too!
The decor is is beautiful.   But that's about it.  Service here is horrible,  everyone is so unhappy.   If you are unhappy , you shouldn't be in this industry.   All I had was a sangria (which the server never asked me which one I wanted) and old chips and salsa.   Never again.
We went there in April 2011. We ordered three dishes. The meat (kabobs) was moist and flavorful. However,  the rice was just too salty. There is a difference between flavorful and salty. The rice is just salty.
Definitely a place you visit while in Montreal. Its not as classy or upscale as Wandas or Chez Paree but it still pretty good. Its a full contact strip club. There are some good nights and some bad nights. More locals then any of the saint Catherine spots.
With all the shops you can think in the middle of the vegas strip what more can you ask for??? They have low end all the way up to super high end
The meat was very tasty and tender, but I did not like the cherry wood flavor.  I have not been back since they opened in Tempe, but I've heard that they are using different wood now.\n\nBut if you're looking for good tender and tasty BBQ, try Andrew's
Had the  Italian Sandwich.  It was good but I think I am partial to Jimmy John's.  Service is really great though. Everyone is so friendly.
Expensive and very colorful kitchen products.  Make sure you provide them with your name and e-mail address for more discounts that's not mentioned to the public.
I love this place! I've been here a number of times and the food and service is always good.  Lot's of different choices on the menu, and their pizookie's are amazing!!
I get the Taro.. Great Boba drinks.. Staff is not friendly. Not rude or anything, I guess maybe lacking in personality. Either way, I prefer to come here for my fix due to quality product-
Delish food. I ordered the crepe that had chorizo, egg and potato in it.  It was served with sliced bananas on the side.  Everything was amazing!  Portion size is great too! One crepe is definitely enough food for two people.  :)  Definitely will be going back!
Our family was very happy when we found this hidden gem.  The food was delicious and the service was wonderful.  If you enjoy Thai food be sure to check this place out.
This chain restaurant has a good happy hour. That is until you look around and realize every view is a parking lot. (Gilbert).  Of course the deals are so good, why not bring the whole family? I am not happy drinking sake bombers with lots of children looking at a parking lot, 'twas rather depressing.
The lunch buffet is $6.50, but it is awful.  Horrendous Chinese food. I will not be returning.
Tried an excellent falafel sandwich!!! Tasted the amazing reubens and AU NATURALE wisconsin cheese curds.....I'll never go back to the SISCO pieces.... :)
No luck getting the shuttle from the airport and the room is barely useable.
Nothing but awesome customer service! Mike is the man! Check them out & they'll hook you and your car up right!
4th time in a row that they screwed up the order. Waited 20 min for them to figure it out and get our food!
The sushi and food isn't all that, but the cocktails and waitresses are!\n\nRecommendations: Kiwi Collins
Great jazz - horrible service.
Food took forever and arrived cold.  Hollandaise was gellatinous and tasteless.  Sawyer is rude.  Valerie is awesome.   Very pricey for such average food.  Very disappointed
For the prices it's just right! Plus the wifey loves their cheese wontons ! And they remember us every time we order it !
It's yummy but VERY rich food, it makes me sick usually and I am usually full after just a cup of clam chowder.
Well priced variety of produce and other odds n ends. Be prepared, many aisles are small, and can get crowded. especially when people are in their own world oblivious to people trying to get around them..checkout was fast..its worth checking this place out..
Overpriced, bland food. I've had a cheeseburger there three times and every one made me sick. The only good thing they have is the breakfast sandwich, but I wouldn't make a special trip for it.
Live that you can reserve seats. I will only go to this theater or the AMC Esplanade on Camelback. \nThe food is a little better at the Esplanade but there are better places to grab a quick bite and the seats are more comfortable at the Scottsdale Quarter (Ipic).
AMAZING food, great atmosphere, and good service.
My dad takes me here to lunch all the time. It's very great atmosphere inside. And the French dips are one of my favorite sandwiches to get! Service is also above par. I would definitely recommend this place to a friend!
The prime rib was great.  The rest, only okay.  \n\nThere's nothing wrong with it.  Feels a little more like going through the motions than a special experience.
Kind of pricey for fish tacos but you do get two of them.  Tacos are a bit of a challenge to eat but that's half the fun.   Casual place.
Not worth the wait or the attitude. Do yourself a favor. Skip it.
Terrible, ordered foie gras and it was the worst. Don't order this.yuck. The hype is just hype.
Brand new - they have an awesome iced tea selection!
Nice hotel, front desk could be more helpful. Not many perks for the price. Rooms very clean and spacious. Beautiful building. Very very close to Consol energy
if you think this is the place to buy a car.\nBEWARE! They tricked me into signing a lease.
Absolutely disappointed and no intention of trying again. Service was pathetic,  our server never checked on us. They were out of diet coke. The decor was urban shabby chic meets thift store. Pizza was tasteless hardly any cheese.  Don't waste your time and money,  there's plenty of other great places in Phoenix.
I will just lay out the differences from the other 3000 Jack in The Boxes around town.\n\n1. Very friendly staff every time I go thru the drive thru\n2. Drive thru seems faster than most\n3. Restaurant is cleaner than average
Love kynndra!
One of the most fun relaxing places in town \nI love it here!\nGreat drinks and great food \nExcellent nachos !
Nothing special. However, it nice to have lunch for 2 for $20 including 2 bud lights on LV Blvd. Additionally, staff were super accommodating to me as I changed my mind 3 times in line. Killer view
Still the best in Pittsburgh, hands down......More later
Good place for breakfast!
Glad to see so many people feel the same about Dr. Larson. My husband and I have been going to him for years, for regular \"maintenance\".
Really not loving the weekend hours. Weekends are when MOST people CAN get there. Can this be extended?  It's a pain in the ass to get there to see it's closed & it'd be helpful if the hours were posted on the website & here on Yelp.
The Place has good food, cheap prices & is always packed. I'm happy they moved across 51st Ave into a bigger restaurant because you almost always had to wait for a table before. Their biscuits are so good, homemade, fresh & fluffy. It's not my favorite breakfast joint but it's still good.
Love love love this place. Best burger anywhere! I really don't know what to say always a smiling face at the register always a delicious burger fries can be hit or miss and this place can get pretty busy sometimes. My favorite is a double double with grilled onions always a good choice.
because they got butthurt about my original review...\ntheyre overpriced and unsanitary(:\n-goodluck eating there.
Great burger, intersesting menu, great atmosphere and a friendly staff. Food came out quickly and correctly on a beautiful Friday afternoon.
Just a heads up to those who have been here before...NO MORE smoking on the patio!  They moved tables inside and you can hardly breath and your cloths will reek of smoke!  Too bad...used to be one of my favorites....
Highly enjoyable evening. Sat out by the fireplace on a perfect evening exquisite food\\waitstaff. Pretty much as nice as it gets...
$10 to go to the pirates game round trip. Very cool experience.
We played for only 3 minutes over 1 hr and it's a $2 more charge!? Ridiculous
Food was good bar food. Had the wings and the nachos. Service was horrible. The bartender had to pickup the slack for our worthless waitress.
I enjoyed my food along with the 50% off from the coupon offered from tix4tonight.  The service was nice, the decor was nice as well.  I'd give this place a 4 if it weren't for the puddle of mush that was my chocolate soufle.  So gross.
Worst service ever! A 15 minute wait turned into 40 minutes and when we walked in there were open tables all over. Then we waited 7 minutes before anyone talked to us. And it was freezing. And the staff was disorganized and slow.  Just awful!  A horrible example of what the Mandalay Bay service standard is!!!!!
A good place for cat lovers. You get to pet the cats that are walking around or lying about.\n\nThe menu is very limited and the coffee doesn't taste that great either. It would be nice if they could have good coffee not make it only based on cats.
Been coming here for years. They do excellent work and reasonable prices. They also took care of my luggage repair.
I came for a quick breakfast before a meeting and the service was amazing!! Marianne was super fast and very polite in understanding my time restrictions.  The only problem I had was with my eggs; my poached eggs were cold. With that said everything else was great! Thanks, I will be back again.
Food is very good.  Service is poor.  AC never seems to be turned up enough.  Employees are kind of rude.  Get take out so you don't have to sit in the place.
Best Barros I've had in a while. As long as the Maura is working. My food was perfect. Definitely worth the drive from Peoria.
This park has everyone you need. Trails, ponds, playgrounds, restrooms, and it has this really cool play60 kid zone. This obstacle course while really tire your kids out. There are plenty of trees for shade and lots of grass for picnics!
I wish I could say something good, but the food was lousy, overpriced and the service wasn't much better
I came to Las Vegas and wanted some soul food and man I found the best soul food west of the Mississippi...only my Mommy's food was better...but; yes I will return 4sho!
I really enjoy the laid back atmosphere of Macs.  Great BBQ and cold beer.  Great service and there you have it.  Its been a challenge to find good BBQ Brisket in Charlotte.  Mac's is the place.  Sauces and sides were spot on.
I ate lunch here when my office was on Durango and it gets a little busy around noon to 2pm but the chicken and beef teriyaki is delicious and they serve Thai Iced Tea.
A group of 8 of my friends ordered various items off the menu and not a single one had anything good to say about the food. The hot dogs are plain-Jane and the toppings are poor quality. I would recommend eating elsewhere.
Left me stranded in Minneapolis because they partner with Jefferson Lines except for employees at Badger and Jefferson Lines don't know about the partnership and don't tell you about it.  Use MegaBus.  They have better customer service and won't leave you stranded.
For a chain restaurant; Red Robin is a sure family & friends sit-down place for burgers & drinks.\n\nEndless Steak Fry's, now you can't go wrong with that!
Super friendly staff! They made my out of town drop in feel like home. Huge studio that can fit up to 100 students
Kinda pricey for two people at dinner and the selection is not overly abundant. They did have some good lamb chops, prime rib, and crab legs when I was here. Plus they had an unlimited wine and beer bar. I am not sure I will be back
Awesome veggie burger! Cant think of a veggie burger I enjoyed more.  Everything we ordered was delicious.
I thought it was okay. The happy hour specials were awesome. I recommend it by far for happy hour. For me I thought the food was okay. I don't think it's really traditional Mexican food. I was very unimpressed.
I ordered a carne asada burrito and it was garbage! The carne asada tasted bad, thin and hard, just bad quality. Roberto's is not that great but it's better than this place
Learned my lesson!  From now on I will check reviews on Yelp before I buy anything! By the way, the phone number is now \"no longer in service.\"  What a scam!
Awful experience at this store.  If it weren't for the clothes I'd rather not go back.  The customer service was awful.  Very disappointed.
Average place, average food. We sat on the patio on cushiony furniture. Then the bugs showed up - our feet and ankles were bitten repeatedly. Won't go back.
Best frozen yogurt around! Try the taro with some blackberries and strawberries on it.
Excellent food, excellent service. I eat here frequently as I work within walking distance, and have never had it any different. Great place for a quick lunch or a family outing. My son loves the playground here too!
I had the IPA, it was good. worth coming here for a beer if you are in the building. Service was very good. I got a very nice shirt too.
who closes a pool, in las vegas, (during the summer) @ 8:00 pm!? idiotic and very unhappy! then they don't reopen until 10:00!? maybe they forgot the temperature?
Seriously? No Guinness?  WTF!?  How am I supposed to watch soccer without a Guinness?  Oh, that's right, you don't have the MLS stations so I can't watch my favorite team.\n\nThe food was pretty bad too.  I'll stick with Turf of G&D, thank you.
Great service and friendly staff! We ordered the short ribs and spicy pork. They were both flavorful and tender. We also go 6 side dishes to go with our lunch!
Great experience, cool staff and is a really  good deal. Just with the club entrance you get your money back.
I stayed in a junior suite, and because the jucuzzi tub wasnt working correctly we were upgrade into  a 1 bedroom  suite that was absolutly amazing.
Between 2 and 3 stars. A few things were good (turkey, beef ribs). Tri tip would've been good but it was very undercooked. Consensus is a step up from Old Country Buffet.
Kobe beef burger is really good.  One of my favorites here in Vegas.  If you are on this end of the strip and want a good burger, I def. would eat here. \n\nI like Burger Brasserie in Paris too, but this place wins because of the awesomeness of the Kobe burger!
Almost killed me AND I had to pay for the pedicure. Epi-penned myself in the chair! Place smells like chemicals and tech rush the job. Not a good salon. The prices are too high for the quality of the service. It's amazing it is still open :/
Went to studio to take my first class after paying a week ago and the Landlord had a post that they haven't paid rent and locked them out. They are out of business and I am out of money. Yet Yelp has a great offer for you to pay $75 for $100 of worthless classes. Should keep up to date.
This place is amazing I love their pho dac biet and the rice dice with grilled pork and fried eggs on top.
Small location and kind of hidden but still your standard Starbucks. The employees are friendly so that is a huge difference!
About as pretentious as it gets in Scottsdale. Dark and noisy. Expensive drinks. Not really my kinda a place. But if you're into that kind of thing...
What a great restaurant! The food was great, the view was magnificent. What more can you say, they lived up to their reputation!!
I wrote a letter to them to advise them of poor care & received a response. Their response contained false information regarding my stay and when I responded to that they ignored me.
Not a bad little joint. Eclectic crowd and good food. The chicken fried steak on Thursday is worth the trip, but get there before 6 because they run out early.
Best Thai food ever! Cool little spot people were nice and food was great. This is my new favorite spot! :)
Call early ( noon- 1:00pm) to place a carry out order so you won't be disappointed!\nThey sell out early. Ribs and chicken are wonderfu! Both slaws are good too.
Went to dinner with my girlfriend the other night and had a fabulous dinner here. The ambiance is lovely and the Mediterranean cuise was varied and delicious. I was also pleased to see when the bill didn't break the bank. I highly recommend this cute little restaurant for a pleasureable dining experience at a great price.
One of the shittiest hotels i have ever stayed at. but i did book the night before so it cost me 150 per night for a sat night. it old outdated smells bad. many better options available for good price. USE KAYAK.com. it works or hotwire.
After they sell you what they want, they don't care anymore. They get all the money upfront and after that there is no service. It takes forever to make appts because they are always short on staff. I am stuck at this place because I paid a lot of money but wouldn't recommend it.
I was there in the afternoon on December 31. Someone took a sharp object to the side of my car and the rear panel. They did $1200 in damage. Called Harkins and wasn't even told by manager that he was sorry. Had to write Harkins to even get an apology.
Great sandwiches as always. My favorite is the New York Steamer. Best Pastrami anywhere, for sure. Someone please open one of these in Flagstaff, we could certainly use one!
I never like to rate a Doc on the first visit.  So I've been here a few times and I have to say that I really like this Dr. Office.  Paul Strauss is the one I see and he's a great doc.  More importantly - they have a very competent staff of nurses and assistants.
First visit here and I'm pleasantly surprised!  Great breve cappuccino and I just love when they decorate the froth!  I can't give it 5 stars because it just wasn't THAT impressive but I'll certainly return.
Parking lot littered \nManager not willing to give an extreme price cut for broken zipper on boots. I'll come back when they are in the clearance bin\nMy kiddo found a great pair of boots at a fair price\nEarly January and the store was barren  \n3 stars is giving it too much  credit
Needed a good spot for an after work beverage and bite, 7777 fit the bill!  We had great service by Jake and enjoyed a variety of options for dinner.  The place was hopping for a Thursday night, with music, poker and sports to keep you entertained.  Glad we popped in.  We'll be back
We've been here a number of times.  The margarita and bocca trio pizzas are very good.  Always have a nice crust, fresh toppings, and the wines by the glass are above average.  Cool and casual atmosphere with good service.  Will continue to go back.
We were very impressed with the selection of beers, and the prices weren't bad either. The place was packed, even though I could tell it was a \"slow\" day.
Gut bomb.\n\nFilled with more rice and beans than anything else, so not even really worth the price.
If you're looking for authentic Vietnamese pho, you best skip this place. Otherwise, the food is decent. It's a bit on the pricey side. The only size they have is the large bowl and that comes to about $8. I only come here when invited by friends, but there are better choices for pho out there.
Like my review of the Wynn, I don't get it.  It's far away from everything.  The casino is one of the smallest on the strip.  It's nice and clean but sterile.  It has no personality.  Being new, I expected more.
I would love to give this place negative stars if I could. Piss poor service, the kind that makes you want to leave right away, and mediocre food.
So good..\n\nso fun..\n\n..definitly worth it!!
Great dive bar!  Great when they have live music.
One of my old school favorite places to get some home cooked meals.  The chili they serve here is just like Zippy's back home in Hawaii and the oxtail soup served after 11pm is yet to be beat.  Service is slow and the lines can be long but it's worth it for the taste of nostalgia.
Food s good after all these years\nI had chicken soup for my cold and it was good\nLike the guacamole too
Average ramen and not the greatest service.  Other ramen restaurants were closed so came here for a late dinner.
I love this place! they do a great job on my nails and I have tried other places and they just don't do as good as this place.
do not go here!!! they will add a tip to the bill on their own even if its just two people that are eating!!! and, its like a 25% tip on top of your check!!! what a ripoff!!! and, on top of it, horrible customer service!!!
Love the Pink Taco!!! Good Mexican food and very good Margaritas!!
They have a nice/trendy set-up.  Service seems to have declined over last few years. The food is decent,  I've had better in the uptown area. The customer service is what will keep me away from this spot.
For my first time i went this plase en ihave the surprise. It has alot different k  flavor smooty i loved ..
I brought my Siberian Indian Dog in here for a seriously needed bath, brush & groom. I've had some so-so experiences with other grooming places but have nothing negative to say! She looked beautiful & still smells good almost a week later. I will definitely be bringing my dogs here from now on!
Hidden in a parking lot near Sam's Club. this small establishment packs a pretty full menu. The dishes that I have tried are not bad. The food is made to order because you can see the cook behind the counter making the food. This is not the best place for Thai or Chinese but for a little joint in the wall it meets expectations.
I ate here for the first time today and OMG their food is so tasty! I'm super happy that I no longer have to drive to la anymore to get that awesome garlic sauce! I don't think there's any other restaurant in Las Vegas that sells it! Simply amazing!
Worst indian Buffett in Las Vegas, empty trays, dry food, asked for refill, brought me 2 pcs of checken as replacements.. Never back again. I wished I took pics of buffet to show  the disaster, Nevada health distric needs to come investigate this place asap.
Disappointed, ok food...not what I expected for the price.
Stopped by to try the famous Sprinkles. We got a Pumpin, a Triple Cinnamon and two doggie cupcakes. The dogs lives their cupcakes. The Human cupcakes were dry. It was worth a one time stop.
Somebody said this was fine mozzarella used on their pizza. I say there is too much of it. I'm never going to remember their tomato-marinara sauce on their pies, because I don't think there was enough of that. The drink list is sub-standard, too. #crabbywhiteguy
They are very nice to you right up to the point you make a purchase.  If you have any issues with the purchase, good luck.
Amazing prime rib was so tender. The green beans are a must. The only downside was the price. $125 for the surf n turf!
Food was good. Desserts are amazing.\nBut bad bad bad customer service. I will never go back.
Dismal is the word that comes to mind. Remodeled the building but obviously forgot to invest any time in training staff.
Ran into this place by accident, apparently it's the same owners and store they ran in Gilbert.  It's still overpriced and under stocked. The owner Heidi is as nasty as ever. I guess they can move wherever but her poor customer service stays with her. Don't bother spending your time nor money with this outfit.
Love this place. I like hot so the 3 is good for me. I always order the #2 with the hot ginger ale to drink. Nice atmosphere and attentive staff.
This part of campus is beautiful. Come thirsty and hungry because there are lots of things to try!
I ordered the green curry which was very tasty, the ambience was a little dark and stuffy. The food was OK not fantastic, just ok. The price and the food went hand in hand. You def get what you pay for...and everything is pretty resonably priced.
Do NOT waste your time to visit this restaurant.  Denny's quality food at top dollar prices.  Altough the service is fine... Bottom line, if you want to pay a inflated price for a fast food meal, eat at Addiction.
This place has really lost what they once had.   I believe the increase in business in the Noda area has occurred and they can't manage it correctly.   The Mai burrito was pretty good but the rice was cold and the chips were stale.   My suggestion is go else where in Noda,  there are too many better options
No friendlier spot in the Valley, and the dishes are tops.
Great cake flavors, very moist and fresh. I really liked the strawberry cup cake, the actual cake flavor was perfect better then mist other places.  I will totally be back!
The presentation of the food was excellent, the service was great, and the food was good.  The food portion is massive, so make sure you have an empty stomach before you eat here.
This use to be the friendliest most efficient fast food spot, hands down. Lately though the typical \"I don't wanna be here\" employee has been working. Use to be a stand out amongst fast food chains. Hope they get better soon.
It was ok kinda sad and way too expensive for what you get. If you want fast food bbq (which is NOT how bbq should be) come here if you don't mind the spending the not so fast food prices.
Couldn't have asked for anything better. Great for golfers and non golfers alike. Wish they had something like this when i was in highschool.
Okay Resturant, everything was marginal, chicken was dry, what they stand for is great but if you want good food this is not the place.
Nice staff and very friendly \nPrices more than okay !\nRooms spacey and clean\nClose to many shops and bars
Eisnsteins is clean and efficient, but it has a sterile corporate atmosphere and everything's overpriced. It's one redeeming quality is the free refills on iced coffee via machine. It's neither good nor bad, just indicitive of corporate America's anti-personality parade.
This woman right here who was doing everything should be on Starbucks owner salary. She straight killed the game. Took like 15 orders had them all done within 5mins with no complaints. She's definitely a go get em' girl.
This place has been around for awhile and hasn't changed much.  The pizza is OK.    If your sick of th chain pizza places and you want something more homeade then this will do just fine.  If you want some really GOOD pizza, ask me and I'll steer you in the right direction.
Very average Spanish food. In fact I found the paella to be extremely oily.  Way overpriced for what you get for your dollar. I added a star just for the outdoor patio.
Nice new place to shop, need more food places (which they are currently putting in) just I would have had some in place for people to have lunch or dinner in. There are only like two - three when I was there! Great shops though!
Stopped here for our first meal in Montreal. My spaghetti bolognese was just ok. But service was good.
Save your money and go somewhere else! The service was horrible and the food tasteless. I will not be returning.
Great flavors with fresh food!  Better than all the other same concept restaurants.
Went here on a concert night, & they only had 1 bartender only had yuengling on draft, granted they have about 40 drafts. Every other restaurant on the north shore that early evening had at least 3 bartenders.
Had the chipotle chicken sand with fries and my hubby had combo beef and sausage....ALL GOOD!!!
For the casino only:\n\nNice enough casino especially because they have a section that is non-smoking.  It's great not having to fight the wasps of smoke coming from different directions.\n\nThe casino is huge and there are machines and table games for anyone.  Drink service is prompt.
Authentic Italian food, GREAT service. Best restaurant in vegas imo. Definitely give this place a visit if your in the city.
The lack of concept and decor kind of bummed me out as the space felt cavernous and cold.\n\nDrinks were good, but not like \"omg this is so good you have to try this.\"\n\nThe adirondack chair area was... interesting.
great place with good ambience. our hostess, Deanna, was really attentive and very friendly. I would have given it 5 stars but my chicken pot pie need a little more flavor.
I recently purchased a 2012 Dodge Ram Laramie Limited from Prestige and i must say every step of it was amazing!!!!  i have purchased several vehicles with this company and everyone has been great and super easy. Tino and Rennie are the best if you ever need a new car ask for them !!!!!!
Best pizza in Charlotte hands-down! After living here for 11 years, I have finally found a pizza place that I absolutely love. Amazing pizza and fantastic service!
I think this place is closed. Dropped by recently on a Saturday afternoon and the door was locked. Appears to be lights out but cannot not 100% confirm.
There are far better options for price and quality.
Very authentic. Everything we ate was prepared well and tasty. It's in a modest spot but don't let that stop you from coming!
Good for Kids: Yes ?\nThat is so wrong. The music was blaring so loud we had to leave for fear of damaging our child's hearing. Food is overpriced and just plain. I can get a better steak salad at El Pollo Loco.
The prices are unbeatable. The menu is extensive. My husband loves beef so this was the perfect place for him. Unfortunately, this restaurant is not vegetarian or pescetarian friendly so I will not be returning for myself, but I will pick up take out for the hubby.
I've eaten here twice and nothing has knocked my socks off. I'd say that the entrees are much better than the sushi rolls and other appetizers. The rolls are very bland, the cream sauce they use on some of the rolls tastes like nacho cheese.
Solid but a couple issues, namely the check-in clerk in the evening was not as professional and friendly as you would expect at a 4S property. My stay there was about a year ago and I'm just now finishing the review draft. Overall, a great location (although NOT on Troon golf course, close to it)...
We came here because of the BWW bowl game. Nothing special that night because they were packed with all the fans. I'm sure the burgers are good, but we just got to experience the back yard grilled ones with the minimum sides.
The best fish n chips I've ever had? No. The best sticky toffee pudding? Yes!\n\nThe decor is awesome, the staff friendly, the menu selection excellent. I really likes this place. \n\nTry the Scottish coffee and the Cullen Skink. Amazing!
Looks and feels like a good old mom and pop shop. Got a pastrami sandwich and was pretty damn good. I really wish I hadn't seen the girl making my sandwich put the fresh deli meat into a microwave, really killed the moment. Definitely stop by again just for the deli meats.
thebomb.com
If your looking for some good food after a night out on the strip Bootleggers is the place to be. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Also a great place to meet some Vegas locals
Guacamole burger was JUICY! Lots of TVs.
Very, very good paninis. Had the trio combo for $10, included a salami panini, a drink and some wonderful chicken noodle soup (very spicy). Limited seating, great for a quick lunch though.
My family and I have been going to Raspados Neza since it opened, and we love these raspados as much as the first time we went.
I don't know what I was thinking... this place is awesome.
Got the caprese sandwich, worst sandwich I've ever had in my entire life.  Bread was at least 4 days old.  While thing was just disgusting. Worst part, paid over $10 ew.
out of all the metro park stores ive been including the ones in vegas this was probably the worse one ive been too. the workers looked miserable to be there and yeah thats all
I liked this place better when it first opened. Ok, I liked it best during the renovations when it was 1/2 modern and shiney and 1/2 old Aladdin. But it is a quite nice casino and the rooms are decent. There aren't many great restaurants, though, and the music venue is pretty awful.
I was visiting from California with the wife and kids. Being half thai thought of getting some good food. What a big disappointment this place was. The waitress was rude. The food was mediocre. What a waste of time and money. Will never come here again.
Drive a little further and find something better.
I'd be happy coming here just for loads and loads of spanikopita. Mmmm perfect snack. Other food is good too.
In serious need of a make over. A better produce section than Main&Alma School. But this store is very cramped.
We were wandering around the Aria when a young lady offered us a free sample of their banana caramel smoothie.  It was amazing.  I went straight to The Cup and ordered one right away.  And I got a 10% off coupon,..pretty sweet deal.
Too bad you have to select a star I wouldn't give them any!! Decided to try this place out worst decision ever.. They messed up everything we ordered. 3 phone calls and 2 deliveries later still didn't get what we ordered. Never again!!!
Bedbugs!!!!  Need I say more?  My kids stayed here memorial day weekend and called  hotel management but it didn't seem to phase them.  So gross.  Unfortunately they do not let you post no stars.
This was a great place in old town to go out and grab a snack and a drink before the night begun. Staff was friendly and nice. Everyone welcomed us as we entered the restaurant. The sushi rolls were also fabulous.
Had a wonderful buying experience at Honda West. Our salesman John was the friendliest.  The process to buy was fast and easy. Not my first go around in the car buying process,so I have had quite a few horrible experiences, but not here! Got a great deal and will definitely buy here again! Thank you John and Ron
Tao beach.....awesome place with some hella cute bartenders! Security staff was also pretty nice even when my friends were rough-housing and they just told them to stop; a nice friendly warning. Friendly folks surrounds the pools and a good place to relax. Definitely coming back when me and the boys hit up Vegas!
After we've live in surprise for over a year, we tried New York Flavor and have found our \"regular\" place. Service was exceptional! The food is fresh and flavorful. We had breakfast here and came back to try lunch the next day. We had a submarine sandwich- can you say DELICIOUS!
Delicious night out. The space is large, contemporary and edgy. The calamari was crispy but not greasy and the pasta was rich and authentic. The down side was their salmon was dry & over salted.
So this is actually one of my best places to go for happy hour. Good drink selection and a nice ambiance. Second time around did not disappoint me. Calamari was great and do try to Mediterranean veggie pasta dish....very healthy.
I placed an order on Black Friday for 3 items. Received one item. The other two still haven't shipped.\n\nThat is all.
Took a long time to give food and food was just OKAY .
Great pizza but was told 30 minutes and it was an hour.   Service expectation was flat.
Incredibly Rude, rude, rude!! The absolute worst customer service I have ever experienced! I believe in supporting local businesses but will definitely look elsewhere for a florist.
Yet another horrible experience. 7 grain bread was soggy and undercooked. A few weeks ago the tuna was missing from the sandwich. And it's only this location.
What a great place. Fresh and healthy food and a wonderful atmosphere. I have eaten there 4 times in the last month and each thing i get is awesome. I hear they are adding new items all the time and always open for suggestions. Come on, help a small business out!
Food and service very inconsistent.  Last time we were here the owner was in and everything was great - food had great balance and you could actually taste each ingredient.  This time, not so much - ribs were very spicy but not a lot of taste other than that...  Food was cold, slow service.
Came to an event which allowed me to get the private dining experience.  Food was incredible, and service was outstanding.  Very nice outside patio ambiance.  Lots of room for people, but still managed to keep the intimate feel.
Went to the Avondale location and we had pollo fundido and the spinich enchilada.  Food and drinks were really good and service was great!
I always see this place every time I drive by so I decided to stop and try it out.. \nGood very fresh
This hotel is no help and clueless! I was getting coffee 6 feet away from my table and within seconds someone stolen phone off the table. The staff got very defensive. The front desk was no help. Hyatt has a policy of no cameras in the hotel just the exit. Very poor service and just awful people. Do not stay here!
Cranky old man who has been in the business too long. If his work product was great perhaps it would be worth it but his results are hit and miss. I would not recommend going to this man.
Clean, fast, friendly, and delicious!
Mediocre at best for concerts. Long, rectangular space that is absolutely flat. If you are not fairly close to the stage you can't see the stage. Weird layout...
The fact that this place has so many good reviews says something about the pallet of the pizza eaters in las vegas.  The sauce is overly sweet, the crust is soggy and tasteless and the pizza wasn't cooked long enough so the green peppers and onions still tasted raw.
My husband and I were exciited to try Rare Earth for the first time last night but when we walked up to the deck  there was a private party that had reserved the place. It was embarrassing to say the least. A sign at the bottom of the stairs would have been helpful.
Nah so much Hulas. Nah so much. While I appreciate their bar, I don't appreciate the food. The entrees were not good. The only thing edible was the tuna poke. That's about it. Try aloha kitchen, it worth the drive.
-1 star for not being open before 6AM. \n\nI was lucky enough to stop by when one of their employees was kind enough to open before 6AM. I work at 5:45AM and I would go every morning if they were open!
It's a fun atmosphere & the food is filling & tasty. The environment is loud & lively. It's at Red Rock which is conveniently by our house. Portions are huge so come hungry!
Amazing green pork chili appetizer!  Amazing green chili Mac & cheese, picky about Mac & cheese! Waitress was very knowledgable. I'll be back soon
Great food, great employees, and freaky fast, just like advertised. I go here nearly every day and they have not disappointed yet. Only complaint is that the water tastes like it is straight from the bathroom so buy a bottled one if you plan on drinking water. Vote for Jimmy!
This is our weekend get away from the kids!  ALWAYS GREAT FOOD AND EVEN BETTER PEOPLE AND SERVICE!!\n\nThere are always HUGE servings and you never leave hungry.  Great small town feel just when you need it!
They were really tasty!i loved how moist they were and the cream cheese frosting was amazing! I wish she was closer to my house :( other than that I love them!!!snickerdoodle is the best!!!!:)
This store is horrible. Waited 20 mins in line for a return and had my receipt,  they gave me the lowest dollar amount available and we're extremely rude to me. Will not shop at Macy's anymore. Dillard's is 100x's better!!
Good Pho, open all the time.
Been here a couple of times and the only thing I've really liked is the spinach scone. It's not available every day but it's got just a kick of spice that makes it really yummy.
aw more memories!  many a very early morning / late night meal at ritters... \n\nfood was always yummy...
Great service but I really really wish they would yell at you when you walk in the door.  If this place will yell at me like a California Sushi place when I walk in the door, then I can say it would be a five star experience!  \n\nGood food, reasonable prices, and fun atmosphere!  Enjoy!
Good Burlesque show but from the previews before the show I was expecting more. They have a video before the show that shows the girls doing amazing acts but the live acts were sub-par.
I had the Pretzel Dog, the dog tasted really good and juicy,  Auntie Aunt's Lemonade is better tho.
Honestly, there was little that was memorable or interesting about our dinner here last Friday. The food is solid, but overly salty (my tongue was swollen the next morning) and verged on boring.
Tom's Thumb has become our favorite for breakfast, lunch, & dinner! Great coffee bar, quality food, and superior service! Exceeds expectations! Friendly staff...this is one restaurant that is an asset to the community. BTW, we patronize the full-service automotive services, too:)
favorite restaurant  in vegas... Private... small... amazing food... service by far the best.... and great waterfall show outside... this place is to die for... also very pricey .... avg check around 300$ for 2 (with ordering water for drink)
Great location, Great Food, Great bartenders. Danny and Renee are it!  Fun Atmosphere..
Bought the new accord recently here. They made it very easy. Gave me a fair offer for my trade and didn't throw any BS my way. See Jilmar one of the top sales associates there. He will make the process as painless as possible. Thank you.
Took my #dji to the doctor it was feeling a little sick, the guys at @dronesplusvegas got it back running to its peak performance again!!! #dronesplus #bestserviceever #quick turnaround #dronespluslasvegas #speedyrecovery  #dronespluslv  #bestintown
My windshield replacement process was seamless, easy and fast. Joe was polite, clean, arrived on time, informative and helpful when dealing with my insurance company. There are many companies in the valley to choose from so choose carefully and do your homework! Real Fast Auto Glass won't disappoint!
Not a bad place to go for a little shopping. I found good deals here. Good customer service.
The food was better than I had expected for a quick lunch. Our server was friendly and fast, and made helpful suggestions. \n\nThey are under construction so it's a little rough at the moment,  but lots of large TVs to watch.
The owner and staff here are so nice. I only had coffee but plan to come back again soon to try the food. \nThere are very few Jewish restaurants or businesses in the area so this was a wonderful discovery
Delicious, reasonable prices, cool decor, great wine list & stays open late. Highly recommend.
Amazing!!! Watch out chick fil a!!!
Great place for big meals @ a great price!
Fire Jack the manager. He's so rude! Another example of bad customer service these days. He's just mad because he still had customers to finish up around closing time and wanted to go home. Smh.
I love this place. Pasta & Chicken dishes are always good and so are the deserts. I take friends from out of town and they leave loving it!
I wish this place were in central Phoenix where I live, the chicken dishes were fantastic, the wine sauces amazing, I can't wait to visit my friend Karen again so we can return.  You will not be disappointed in tgis place
Not the best Korean BBQ I've ever had. Also has bad service. No one checked on us for refills or if we needed anything.
I feel so bad for those live Midget horses. It was so hot out there, and one was limping. My wife was so bummed, and it ruined our whole shopping experience. \n\nOther than that, it's the same ol parkn swap, just getting smaller, and smaller every year.
Try the fish and chips. The shrimp has a lot of breading. If your looking for cheep this is your place. Only take cash
I had lunch here and enjoyed it very much.  The menu is very diverse and loaded with good fish and other seafood.  The atmosphere was nice and the service was quick...although a little over attentive.  I will definitely try dinner her.
the food is good.  the outside seating is good.  the service was bad.  it took them for ever for everything.  not that we were in a rush but come on get it together.
Had an amazingly delicious chimi plate and excellent service but, I won't be going back until they take down their 'no guns' sign. Took 3 stars off for that.
Matt was great.  Super fast and friendly service. Cheaper than Big O. Definitely recommend them.
I had trio special. Hot link, brisket and chicken.  With corn nuggets. It was fabulous. Service was top notch. Only thing that sucks. Parking.
Nice place to have meetings and the food is o.k. Parking can be thin but if you don't mind walking a block or three you can usually find a spot. Make sure you read the signs as you will get towed. Not a bad go to place for a few drinks and a meal.
Soup of the day and peking duck was yummmyyy
Meat was little well done but the dessert was gooood. The crepe was great too all favor was good.
Had take out for four adults from here. The portions were sad. The food was cold. Fries were limp and soggy. Each item was in a separate oversized styrofoam container and worst of all, three of us were sick the next day. Epic fail.
The food was decent here, definitely not the best I've had for chinese. But the atmosphere was totally worth it. It made it worth going back. Also, the staff had good looking women, always a plus.
It's a little disturbing to see a guy kneading his hands in the tub of cheese. It was slow and he was staring at the ceiling, wringing his hands in the one and only tub o cheese. Other than that potential health issue, I really like the place. Good pizza. Great price.
Mosquitoes, like out of a science fiction novel. Nice course, nice clubhouse, but again the bugs were absolutely intense. Don't know if that's true year round.
Meh. Went there with a friend to try the alligator. Tasted like over-cooked fry oil.
The pho is just ok, expensive, and the service is very bad.  They are rude, literally throw your food on the table.  Make you pass food from one side of the table to the other side.  Too lazy to walk around.  would not come back here again.
Friendliest staff lately! I've been fortunate enough to come in while it hasn't been busy. Actually had a chance to talk to the baristas and they introduced me to the clover! They've been training new employees and everyone is kind and fast. Thank you for making me a regular again.
All depends on when you go, they have a great staff, but they can get overwhelmed when it gets really crazy in there.  They don't play the usual pop songs, which is great.  It is centrally located to tons of places so we make this a usual stop on our rounds around town.
Super delicious and authentic Thai food. Decor is eclectic, food isn't fussy, and the prices are spot on. Flavorful, fresh, and fan-freakin'-TASTIC.
Dr Arnold is a no-nonsense professional. His staff are always friendly and courteous. I would highly recommend him.
This show was awful.  I've been to many Cirque shows and I have no idea how they allow this show to exist.  There were minimal acrobatics, just a lot of toplessness and bad jokes.  That's $88 and 2 hours of my life I'll never get back.
George and David are wonderful. They keep things very low on the s Eng and chemical scales so if you are sensitive this is the place to go.  Love getting my hair cut and styled there with David and my facials with George.
They have screwed up several orders and one order was missing a sandwich...so instead of inviting me back in right away to get the sandwich, they sent me a coupon for a cheaper sandwich.  Not too happy.
Had the nachopalooza with brisket, large portion but bland taste. Service was the worst part. Waitress never checked on us after bring served. Never again.
Not impressed at all. I had high hopes and was really let down. Wicked spoon is way better. Nothing special at all here. Nothing was great and barely anything was good. Service wasn't even good. I will not be back.
I love Italian food, and this spot make me recall the time when i lived in Italia 5 years ago. It was memorable. The foods are okay, the price is reasonable for sure. The only thing they should be better is time serving, i had to wait a little bit long.
Desirae and the team did a great job of our signage and guides for a small Vegas conference.  They accommodated our deadlines and budget, and even reprinted two signs that had errors on the day of delivery.  I would definitely use them for any of my future printing needs in the Vegas area.  Thanks!
Nothing positive to say about this venue. I am always disappointed when a band I love plays here.
This is by far one of the best places for Greek food in Las Vegas. My family is from Europe, And we need a lot of Mediterranean food. None of the other Greek places in Vegas come near Yassou. The food is always fresh and delicious. Nothing compares...
Staff is more helpful than one on McDowell. Less to choose from though.
Made the mistake of visiting on a Saturday night. Dear lord, it was crowded. Narrow hallways and weird seating arrangements made me very uncomfortable and a tiny open area for dancing was just throbbing with sweaty people bumping around. The bouncers were rude and harsh...the whole experience was just unpleasant.
Best place to eat in anthem, great service and food. Get the Pad Thai 4 hot and a Thai ice tea!
Ok nothing to be impressed with here. Id rather eat at Filabertos!
I think I did something bad in my previous life that I went to this place. This place is a SCAM. they will LIE AND RIP YOU OFF. never go to this place. They use scare tactics to rip off the money for the work that is not needed. \nPlease find a real dentist.
Used to be good but they never have anything I'm looking for any more. Very very limited selection. The last few trips here have been a waste of time.
Typical airport restaurant: interesting from the outside, stale and overpriced inside. Not sure which was more bored, the waitress or the salad.
Food was fresh and the staff is very nice.\nThe best I have had.  The hummus was great the Babaganoush was okay.  The meat dishes and rice were also great !!\nDef my spot for Greek food!
Expensive and mediocre food.  Too salty for my taste.\n\nStaff was unfamiliar with wood and preparation.
Food was so so service slow. Servers don't pay attention. God awful ugly waitresses. Annoying crowd and unfriendly atmosphere is probably due to the demographic of the area. Buffalo chicken sandwich was ok. Side of fries should be bigger. Wouldn't recommend this location. The Chandler location was much better.
Burger was dry and my bun was soggy which they fixed after I flagged down another server.  Missed my free beer in the four square checkin (my fault for doing it after I paid).  Fries are greasy and limp.  Seats were dirty with crumbs.  My gf loved her farmers salad though.
Went twice for lunch buffet.Food was okay.idly was not good.liked curd and mango custard
Lux has the friendliest staff I have ever encountered. Tom greets you at the door and makes you feel at home. They took their time during the pedi and laughed and talked. Tina and Kim worked on our feet and are two awesome gals. Very professional and extremely nice.
Had better service at motel 6. Advised front desk of drunk patrons kicking my tires while awaiting valet with my toddler.  Front said \"I'm sorry to hear\", then walked away. Dirty towels and bed linen did me in... going back Motel 6 on next visit.
The vegan menu is awesome! Best thai food in Vegas, the waitresses are wonderful and great at making sure your glass of water stays full. Its inexpensive, consistent, and fast service. The spicy eggplant with tofu/mixed vegetables and larb tofu are my favorite dishes.
Great thin crust pizza with fresh ingredients.  Place was really hopping and service was awesome.
You don't come here expecting fancy. It's barebones, but I prefer that to thinking my donations are going toward unnecessary things.  I like that Savers is organized so that the  experience from store to store is similar. The products are in good shape, some brand new-looking. I have no problem coming back.
I love this drive thru. Been coming here for over 10 years, great family owned liquor store. Ask for the diesel special.
Amazing hotel. Excellent staff. Great restaurants, prices are not bad either.  Bonus: Starbucks coffee in the room.
Best cantaloupe snow ice I've ever had~!
Solid meal. I had the chicken strips. They were awesome. Right balance of meat, seasoning, and breading. The wife had the bangers and mash and fried pickles. She was definitely a fan. We will most definitely come back again.
So I was going to move in next week and here are the reasons why it is not happening!  Deplorable conditions after esther stated that it was ready. Not for 750 a month
If John Lennon and George Harrison rose from the dead to play one more Beatles concert at the Nile, I wouldn't go.  It was easily 90 degrees inside and they actually have the audacity to charge $2 for a re-entry wristband.
Non event, not worth the time or the money, just mediocre food.
After reading all posted reviews can't wait to try this place out.  I am a very picky eater so stand by for my review after a taste the food from Pita Kitchen Grill.
Amazing Vietnamese food. Nothing more to say!
We did 2 times breakfast at this bar / restaurant and we recommend the menu. Example: American breakfast menu that includes coffee, juice, eggs, bacon and toast for $ 17. Excellent muffins at $ 2-3 and the croissants!
Had chicken chow mien and lemon chicken. Very good. Prices are good for quality and portion sizes. Interior is nice and clean looking. Will definitely be back to try other dishes!
Great office, great stall, great Doctor, Jack L. Hostetler, O.D.\nYou won't be disappointed.
The food here was pretty good especially if you've been drinking, the prices were also fantastic, however the wait was LONG. Don't think I'd wait that long again. We only paid $9.00 for 2 hot dogs, 1 fry, 1 deep fried Oreo and 1 deep fried Twinkie.
Walmart is a walmart is a walmart.  I don't go unless I happen to be with someone else that needs to go....
The staff is fun and friendly. The sound is great, and the house music that is played between bands is awesome, which makes the usual standing around between bands fun and much more bearable.  This is BY FAR my favorite venue in the valley!
The location, ambiance and service is wonderful and the food  is better than most Mexican restaurants in town.  I am comparing it to any other Mexican restaurant because they adulterate many of the non-gmo and organic ingredients advertised.\n\nDisappointing.
Love love this place. Sooooo gooooooood!  Recommend highly,
Food here was a bit underwhelming and the service was slow.  But then again, I had too much wine
Well I didn't get to eat my dinner. Lost my appetite after finding a hair in my food. Broccoli was ice cold...won't be back
.The prices are high, the restaurant is constantly dirty. \nThe food vs price value is poor and getting worse. \nWant good value for your dollar, go to Del Taco down the street.
We were looking for a good breakfast place near the Palace Station on yelp and ran across this hidden gem only about a mile from there, and would definitely come back along with bringing some freinds to. The prices are fair the food had great flavor and was all homemade. But our waitress Priscilla was just the best!
I found the food to be EXTREMELY crunchy but tasteful. I ordered a fish. An orange one. Also, there were a lot of ingredients, just too many. I did have a wonderful beverage though.
This is my favorite shredded beef taco in my area.  The rest of the food is just satisfactory, nothing special.  But, when I am in the mood for tacos, this is a great choice!
Lousy over zealous life grds.  Won't even let you float on your back.  Lifeguards are power monger idiots here!  I was a 10 year lifeguard and they are not trained or professional.
I love Trader Joe's! I really like picking up unique food items at great prices! Everything has been delicious! The hummus and pita chip snack two pack is really a steal for a healthy and yummy snack! I also love the large selection of cheeses!
Delicious and affordable. \nOrdered delivery around 9pm. The driver was so nice. Would like to recommend Citrus Chipotle boneless wings, so crispy and delicious. The only booboo imo might be that the bone-in wings were a little bit pink. Will surely try more flavors the next time!
One of the best buffet in Las Vegas!\nWide variety of food, anything from seafood, italian, asain, selective meat.  \nMost of the dessert were prefect in my opinion.  \nSo, try it yourself.
Whenever I make a trip out to AZ, I always stop by Paradise for the cookies. The cookies are soo good, even the nibblers.
tasty! Pricey! parking sucks! really tasty! but kinda pricey! Location could be better. service is okay. kinda slow.
I love going here. All you can eat sushi for a decent price. The food is great and the selection as well. The only negative I have is the mochi balls aren't all you can eat.
I have used All Pro Window Tint for 2 cars and now the house.  David is always right on time and does an excellent job.  I have always been 100% satisfied.  He is never pushy and will give you honest information.  The car and house looks great.  I recommend him to anyone.
I simply love this place the food is excellent. Tikka Masala is my favorite Indian food in the world. I wish this place would have a little more business so that they don't go out of business! I was so excited when I found this place and it is so completely delicious!!!
Excellent food for the price. It had flavor with some spice and the food came out fast. Looks like a family Restaurant with friendly service.\n\nThe reason for not giving 5 stars is the the decor needs some serious updating.
Awesome Yellow Curry and a really good Pad Thai.
Dog food! I wish I knew about the bar before a terrible lunch.
Beautiful atmosphere. The cooks are entertaining, had everybody in our party laughing. I Had the lobster and shrimp hibachi... Kinda expected more for the price put overall a good experience.  This place is more for the experience then the food.
With the world of yogurt and yogurt-like joints popping up, It seems that TCBY has been left behind. It's not bad, per se.. just uninteresting. \n\nStaff a this location were sweet.
Not impressed. Really just a concept restaurant with meh food and kitschy decor. OK as a local bar hangout and no more. So many other options especially on Monroe St!
One of the best performs in Las Vegas.  It is true enjoyable to see these great athletes perform these incredible acrobatics.
The first \"true\" hot wings I have ever eaten. The Rim Reaper is no joke and there will be consequences in the bathroom the following day!
For the money I have had far better food. Everything was either bland or overpowered by a badly designed sauce.  Would not go back.
Fantastic service, Clint's a good man! He takes care of us every time, he has a very warm personality.
One of the Best Salons i've been too.  The place looked clean and everyone seemed friendly. I got a full set done by Tiffany and she did a fantastic job!  I will definatly come back to her and this nail salon.
Ate here twice while in Vegas in December (we stayed at the Nugget).  Very good food.  Try the pizza. It's amazing.
A great collectables store! The owner Simon is amazing and will help you with whatever you need. If you're looking for a specific toy he'll do his best to try and get it for you. They do special orders with no problems. It's my go to when I need my toy fix. Support your local toy store!
The food was decent, but I selected it because it was listed under Mediterranean and Italian. Hummus was the only thing on the menu that resembled Mediterranean. Everything else was pasta. The price was fair for the dish size. Location isn't great as it's in the mall part of the Venetian.
This store always looks like a bomb went off. Every time I visit this location it is unorganized, messy, and it smells weird. The messiness makes it very difficult to find things, which can be really frustrating.
My Favorite Vegas Pho spot for Lunch w/ @I_Riddick
Food very salty. Service was sllllooow!
IF they get your order right your lucky. If it is right most of the time the burgers are made wrong.\nNot worth the stop at all.
I wanted Sweet Republic, the plus one wanted something cheap after all of our baller status meals.... cheeseburger for him...... I got some more of that ice cream hehehe.
Excellent service everytime. We have become regulars here. I get right in at appt time and they have accommodated 5 of us at once. The atmosphere, even though you are in a common room, is very relaxing.
Great pizza rustica. I liked the New York style with extra cheese and pepperoni. Mike and Mitch are great guys so I like coming. The sliders oh hh are good too.
When we arrived there was a wait, but it was well worth it. The portions were huge and the flavors delicious. The waffles were my favorite part... I would definitely return next time I am in Phoenix!
Can't wait to go back and try more!
The place is fine.  The mixed greens salad with seared ahi was very good.  Service was very good.  I am in more disagreement with the under 500 calorie deal.  I do not want limitations in my food.  Whatever I am in the mood for, I should have choice.  No limitations.
We revisited this restaurant for dinner and shared orders of shrimp with special hot chili sauce and chicken prepared with three special sauce and basil.  The shrimp were served with the heads, but the biggest problem was they were mealy most likely from being refrozen.  We fared better with the chicken dish.
The food was not good and very expensive.\nThe French fries were fried in old oil, the shawarma was very average.
Michelle has been my waxer since 2006 I will not go to anyone else in Phoenix unless she decides to move.  Love the atmosphere she creates for you! She is great!
Excellent!!
I would say this was by far the best meal I have ever had. There was not one thing that I could complain about. I had the Wellington and it was perfect.  Hands down a perfect dinner.
Love
The food was okay. They had sashimi only for a short time and refused to bring anymore out. It ended up being $65 for two at dinner. I would try something else before coming here again.
I wanted to like this place but there was just something about the meal I had that just was not right.  Maybe it was my fault to get the dish that had almost every ingredient in it.  I will certainly try them again and hope for the best.
Store front is average at best. You have to walk through the back of the kitchen to get to the male bathroom. The food isnt bad but not great. If you are drunk and at tenya creek they deliver and the more you drink the better the food will seem!
hands down best pho in vegas!, they also have a place located in van nuys california which is my home town, service is great but does get pretty packed at certain times, definitely hits the spot when craving something hot, spicy, lemony and delicious!
So expensive !!!! $4.25 for a cup of iced tea. $10.00  for a Turkey sandwich. The sandwich was good, but not $10.00 good.
Great food and beverage!!! The service is always fast and friendly! If you haven't been here yet put it on your list! You won't be disappointed!!!
I brought my daughters, aged 14 and 11 in here and the stylists were so nice and sweet to them. In my experience, alternative shops and stylists are not for kids, but the girls here were very good.
Pretty decent, huge portions. Expected more chicken for andy's fried chicken though! It turned out to be more carbs than chicken. The flapjacks and waffles were pretty good in terms of texture, but my friends didnt like it.
Good food that fills you up quickly, like their prices too.
Super friendly staff, amazing milk shakes, and one of the best burgers I've ever tasted in my life. \n\nOh and it's cheap, too.
the best pizza i had while i lived in las vegas always good always got the meatball!
We just finished a beer and spinach and artichoke dip at midnite on a sat nite... Granted it is drunk food but damn it is so nasty ! As in nasty gross ... Wish I could give -5 stars but stuck with a lousy one star ... Fair warning don't eat here
Authentic food, but they messed up my order and over charged us.
We just started using Belly Rubz for our Yorkie puppy and couldn't be happier!  The staff is great, the price is great, and our puppy comes home so tired! Highly recommend it.
I should have known better to go to Uno anywhere other than Chicago, but it was late and I was hungry.\n\nService was fine....I don't know what to say...expensive, restaurant should have been MUCH cleaner considering there was only about 10 people there.
I ate the Asparagus Salad, Parmesan Panna Cotta, Prosciutto dish. Was it AMAZING!!!! It was light and perfect for a late dinner. I would go here again, definitely.
Quick service, god value for money, tender steaks and Nice starters (incl. In steak price) Will recomand the out back steak with lobster/mushroom sauce (+5$)
This was my first time there, great pricing Lisa was amazing she listened and my hair looks great! I used to work in the industry and tend to be quite picky but everything was nice! Great pricing also
Food was good. Took forever to get it. Not overly busy at the gilbert good truck event but we had to wait 20mins for our food. The guy at the register was less interested in the people and more interested in bantering with the other good truck owner.
i found a rouch in the bathroom and they charged $9 for a mimosa. Overprice mediocre place
One of the best zoo setups I've ever seen. The zoo is setup as a perfect loop so you don't have to select a path and then go down another route late. It's a giant circle which means you never miss an animal!
My guests and I had a pleasant meal with good service.
Place is the best pizza in arizona, there so nice there too. If ur getting dominos ur an idiot, use the coupon and get a real pizza
Quality has gone way down and can't recommend this place anymore. Hiro Sushi is my new go-to.
worst hotel. i don't recommend. hotel manager/reception doesn't care if you have an emergency or a problem.
I have never had a worse experience with any company in my entire life.  I cannot wait until my contract is up
I was visiting a friend of mine in Charlotte, and we swung by Menchies. The cutest, sweetest sales girl helped us. So friendly, and legit LOVES her job. Spoke to everyone who walked in. I think her name was Kayla. I will def be back!!!
Very good food! I had the al pastor tacos, my mom had the carne asada ones. Both had great flavor! The guacamole was okay- basic, nothing super special, but it was very fresh. The house rice and the white sangria were both fantastic. I would definitely recommend going here.
Probably not the best chinese in town. But its rediculously cheap chinese food, large portioned and a good variety.
Customer service and work is amazing. They went out of their way to ensure the work was done correctly. Would totally recommend having work done. Brandy is a pleasure to work with
We found this to be very average. The new sushi menu items are overpriced and tasted bland. The Pad Thai Chicken tasted burned. We have been here in the past and thought it was very good. However, this visit and the last few have been a good representation to us that this location has lowered it's standards.
Over rated! Food is like eating in carrabas or some fast food place. Bartender is snobby! Never coming back!
Just came home from a great experience at Dolce. Danielle, my stylist, and her assistant Kylie were excellent. She took 9 inches off of my frizzy, wavy to curly brown hair and gave me an awesome blonde, choppy bob. I will definitely be going back and would recommend them to anyone!
Average food, but nice service.  For breakfast, well worth the very reasonable price.  The decor was 70's hotel, ugh.
Attentive staff. Great burger joint with above average fries.
The food is great, but the service leaves much to be desired (especially in the early morning hours).
Got a Oreo soft serve and it wasn't anything special. It was ordinary soft serve ice cream. Next time I'll be sure to try their actual ice cream. \n\nI must say, ice always been a fan of their ice cream cakes!
I go here and book with Brittany all the time.  She is professional, gentle, and caring.
Seats & floor was dirty with popcorn & spilt soda, movie was 30 mins late in starting
The place was over-crowded when I was there.  My PT Tony was okay but not as thorough as my new PT in Seattle.  My new PT seems like an expert on lower back injury but not this place.
The martini was waterly. I orderd \"up\", I had to pay $2.50 extra for \"up\".\nI give 2-stars for nice atmosphere only. The location is not good sitting in the back of a shopping center.
Not all that...really flavorless food but its a buffet, what else should I had expected??
Atmosphere was great.  Service was mediocre.  Food was plain and boring.  At $120 for two it sucked.  Eat elsewhere.
Went through the drive through today for the first time, fast service. Could have been a little bit faster since there was only 1 guy working. Would go back if I ever needed a bank close to me to use.
My son and I had lunch here today, we had the Manhattan pizza. Flavor was good but nothing special. Above average for a little neighborhood pizza place. \nService was also a little better than expected. The guy behind the counter was very polite and attentive.
My wife and I have always been happy with the food and service.  We have happily spent many a special occasion here.  We will continue to go back.
I really enjoyed the imported beer selection. The pretzels and cheese curds were delicious. I had the salmon sandwich as my entree abd it was very good. I can also say that I tried the duck/pear salad and Citrus chicken sandwich were very good. I will be back for sure
Was called out to my elderly parents to repair refrigerator they were very nice and did not try to sell them something they didn't need, I am very thankful for their honesty.
The special on the sign out front wasn't available. The chicken wings were anorexic. The $8check moose dip was served in a cup the size of a shot glass. They don't subscribe to any payperview events. Better to just go to Buffalo Wild Wings.
It was okay. The food came late and the drinks were mixed up. It's okay if you want to spend $15 on a salad with mostly greens and not much else. Overly priced and the rib eye us full of fat!
We had a very bad experience with this company. They are not well run, and don't have the ability to come on time. Even after repeated calls they were over 45 minutes late, unacceptable for travel to the airport. Added a lot of stress to my trip. Take a taxi or any other service in Las Vegas.
Great place, great coffee, and free wifi! Need I add more? Oh yes I do, the customer service is spectacular. :)
Excellent lunch. Will definitely go back.\n\nParking can be a challenge, but worth it.
Food is ok the usual for Denny's but this one you need to look at the dishes. Almost every dish had dried food on them.
Love this place for it's great drink selection and bruschettas.  You really can't go wrong with any choice you make, but the hummus and artichoke dip are my favorite.  It's a great place to go to with friends or your honey.  Grab a seat outside on the patio on a nice day!
Sadly, I was disappointed.  The pizza was mediocre at best and the atmosphere reminded me of an upscale McDonalds.  If you're a fan of Applebee's or Chili's then this is the place for you.
This location is no longer in business. It has been closed for several months.\n\nI'm a little surprised they closed, as every time I was there they had customers, the majority of whom were seniors from Sun City. Granted I was there at breakfast/lunch time, I have no idea how busy they were at night.
yeah,yeah,yeah!
Quick & easy.  Poor\nConversation place as it is very loud.  The menu replicates the Cheesecake Factory.
When my regular plumber, Sav-On Plumbing, couldn't help me due to a big job they were working, Tom recommended I call City Wide Plumbing. They were prompt, professional and reasonably priced. Great job, guys!
2nd visit, a bit pricey for 2 turkey club w/fries. Very clean...both visits register staff could use some customer service training not very friendly, guess its better than them being rude.
I ate at CFT for the first time this week with some coworkers. Delish!! I had the chicken quesadilla, and asked for light cheese...it was perfect. Looking forward to going back soon!!
Best city ever. I never want to live anyplace else.
There are usually three employees, the sushi chef, kitchen chef and hostess/server. For such a small operation with about six tables and eight seats at the sushi bar they do a hell of a job.
I would say the Elephant Bar is great for happy hour... Pretty good Happy hour prices for drinks great to meet people for drinks to discuss where you really want to eat dinner.
This place is pretty good if you like cheap, quick chinese food.  I love the General Chicken.  You have to watch out because they tend to make it all pretty spicy.  The price is very cheap and they give quick service.  I would recommend it for take out not eat at the place.
Only one bad experience .  I have been back 6 times and the food is always great.  The jalapeno fried rice with chinese sausage is to die for.  The firecracker shrimp and duck is also always a winner.  Their mixed drinks are always welll made.  .Great atmosphere
Be warned! As soon as you tap on a \"premium app game\" on the tablets provided on the tables, .99 cents will automatically be added to your bill.
Best NY pie in Charlotte!
Went there for birthday celebration! Great service! I had a filet with shrimp on top, creamed spinach and the clam chowder soup. Tasted wonderful but my eyelids began to swell before we left - next day I could hardly open my eyes. Had an allergic reaction to something. Scary!
Great place! Impressive number and variety of games,  friendly and helpful staff. Loved it!
Fantastic service, fantastic staff, great location!
They made me answer 20 different  security questions because my debit card is lost. Even though I answered all the questions correctly they still made me call corporate to get an approval.  I've spent almost 45 minutes with two children simply trying to make a non complicated withdrawal from my account. I shouldn't have to fight this hard for my money.
My husband treated me to Sunday Brunch as part of my birthday celebration.  We used the online reservation system through Yelp search and only had to wait a few minutes when we arrived.  The food was good, service was great and atmosphere special.  The only reason I didn't give five stars was I felt the the cost was a little high.
The servers are nice and the presentation of the food was fairly sophisticated, but the actual taste of the food was disappointing. We ordered a large veriety of things and to be honest none of it was good at all. I suggest going to dinner elsewhere and just ordering drinks/desert at Tanzy aka iPics.
I've been to other Joes & around the country and this one is the pittssss .. charging double for fish they ran out of ... keep away tourist trap.. and the king grab ,nothing to cut it with..
My favorite place to get a gyro. I love the fries and fry sauce. Its really good. The owners are very nice and remember you when you come back.
Favorite place because it represents east coast culture! They have the best meatloaf sandwich and cookies I've had. I order here once a week or more! Great place :)
Went here for lunch.  Fantastic prices for some really good Sushi.  Seriously good environment as well.. this is added to the once a week list for lunch!!!
Better than your average fast food mexican place but not the greatest.  I do love their drink selection though.  It's good when time and money is limited.
The BEST steakhouse in all of Phoenix. Their filet is fantabulous!! Our family's been going here for years. We've never had any regrets or any complaints. Most of us get the filet or the chicken fried steak with extra gravy. mmmmmmm!
An absolute treasure with a relaxed atmosphere and quick service! The feuilles de vigne were absolutely amazing!!
Palace Station can Fuck off !!  And because you guys suck so bad, i'm thinking i might just avoid the rest of the station casinos and the bummer is i like the oyster bar. i'll survive without it !
Both times I went my stomach hurt really bad afterwards. It IS just me, so I guess it isn't fair. But the taste of the food could be better. GO if you haven't gone yet. It might be your favorite place but it isn't mine.
What a great place....awesome service and very friendly...they were very professional and helpful to my needs...I highly recommend this to all my family and friends
I went here for lunch and i thought it was just OKAY. i literally tried most of the food here and everything was just ok, not bad and not GREAT. just good.
I would agree with other reviewers who use the words deceptive, scamming, money hungry - agressiveness tactics they use. Be careful when coming here.  My group was also promised a ride home but that never happened.  The promoter kept saying later times but we got the idea, and took a taxi back.
Really nice. Got it on priceline on a friday night for $51.
Honestly this place is probably the best pho I've ever had. They give you a big portion for the price, lots of meat, and their pho has so much flavor I don't even want to add anything to it like i normally do. I'm definitely coming back to Vegas just so I can eat here!
Pretty good, portions are huge!
I'm quite disappointed. Reading the other reviews made me curious to try this place out but it is nothing compared to pho in Maryland. My bowl didn't have much noodles and the soup itself barely stayed hot for long. I wouldn't suggest this place for those who have actually had authentic pho before.
Beware of this buffet. I got food poisoning there, and the food was not good. Overcooked and dried up.
As much as we wanted to love this bar, it was hard to.  The minute we walked in we received poor service and it was dead in there.  Our utensils were dirty and the food was average.  One good thing was our server did a great job.  We were looking forward to the experience but it wasn't worth our time.
I have eaten here four or five times, and the experience has been consistently good.  The pizzas have a nice thin crust, and the beet salad with goat cheese is probably my favorite item on the menu.  Wine specials, fun atmosphere and a nice patio round out the place.
It's decent... its better than streets of ny....\n\nbut if you want \"true\" new york pizza  hit up rays pizza ,  if you in chandler go to la famiglia on alma school and dobson.  They have authentic family style Italian food and pizza.
Great sub shop. The food is really good and fresh. Definitely a great place to go whenever you have the urge for a sub sandwich.
Sam woo was closed so we had no choice but to eat here and we got it to go and took it back to our Hotel room. We found and effin worm in our Kang Kong veggies!!! and then to top it off an hour after I was throwing up all night! Disgusting! Do Not Go here!
The place rocks. Great Mexican , but processed high.
Fantastic staff and management! Flatbreads are exceptional as well and there are almost always specials going on that the staff is well-informed on. A must visit for sure!
Good food AND live music.
Great tv's. Great bottled beer and draft beer. Love the food and service. Please come for a great time with family and friends.
I love there food, atmosphere, and there hip staff, which you could see working at trails. the portion size is eminence and the service is pretty good. I have noticed a couple more locations in phoenix and Glendale, will definitely be trying them out .
Great vegetables, even though baked apples is a fruit. I've tried the chicken and the pork dishes and love them all.
I love Cracker Barrel!  It's my favorite chain restaurant and I stop in as often as I can. They give you hearty helpings of fantastic comfort food, have a great homey atmosphere and a cute store with all kinds of seasonal and novelty items. Their lunch and dinner meals are my favorite but breakfast is good too.
Worth the wait ... Definitely Not .... 2 hours for breakfast? But food was awesome. So if you have the time and do not mind the long wait ... Check it out ...
D's Guys roll was so yummy. Atmosphere, service, and food was all great. Competes with my usual sushi restaurants just fine :)
Besides the fact they take awhile to bring your food, I love this place. Me and friends come here all the time when we're craving Chinese food. Delicious !!
This is easily the worst supermarket in Montr\u00e9al. They actually follow you around the store to make sure you don't steal anything. And when you finally do make it to the checkout counter with your rotten vegetables... The cashiers never say hello. Never!
threw away my food. tots just tasted like oil. fob is horrible (soggy bread, cold roast beef, stinky cheese).
All of these casinos start to run together after awhile. But Caesar's does have one of the biggest gaming floors I remember seeing in Vegas.\n\nA good a place as any on the strip to throw away your money!
Great food. Very creative and unique combinations of flavors.  Great selection of tequila as well.
Excellent chicken Dum biryani.  Andra chicken curry which was also very good.\nHighly recommended.
Wait and see! Just turn my car in to them!
In terms of price, quality and experience I rate Ichiza 4 stars based on what you can find in Las Vegas. It is also a huge bonus that they're open so late! \n\nThe food is delicious, service is good and everything is pretty well priced and appealing.
Good Indian food.  I would love to try the \"super buffet\" which boasts 45 items, and is available Friday, Saturday, and Sunday night.  If you are ordering off the menu, be sure to print the discount coupon off the website!
I had a fun time here. \n\nExpect to pay $30 cover to get in if it's not at capacity.  Expect a long line.\n\nIt's spring break every day here.
customer service, not service at all. Agent saw me coming and dropped her head no eye contact. OK so you don't want to be bothered. There were only two of you available, so if you are too busy please hire more help this is your job \n\"Customer Service\"
They need to learn customer service skills and soon!!  Stick with a private massage or Massage Envy.  They just are completely indifferent to you and the new director Steven is arrogant and rude.
Horrible service.  Hostess too busy chit chatting with the bakery counter to seat us.\nWater came after we had to ask twice.  My my diet drink never came.  My order came out incorrect.  Geez.  Is the manager sleeping?  They have such bad reviews, don't they think they need to improve?
Whao!  This is authetic mexican food. The chips were fresh, beans were delicious, the salsa was perfect. Noy to mention the guacamole, it was made to perfection. The food was beyond delicious. I will be back.
I love Starbucks. This location is great - busy street for people watching but quiet to get work done. Staff are awesome.
The food is awesome!!! Really what I expected.... Nice ambiance too!!!\nWe ordered for different fried rice, and all items were too good!!! Best restaurant for indian food!!!
I have never had a bad meal here! Love the food and the atmosphere.
Twirl was already my favorite froyo place in Phoenix (as evidenced by my prior Yelp review), but they took it up a notch tonight.  Sam the man went above and beyond to make sure I satisfied my sweet tooth late on a Sunday night.  Always good vibes at this place.  Love it love it love it.
Pasquals looks great after it reopened. The food there I don't think meets the awesome decor. You can go a block up and go to Cuco's and have better food. \nThe interior is great tho.
Def one of the better Robertos. Carne asada fries!
Over priced yuppie garbage.\nPoor unknowledgable servants.\nGo to the farmers market!
This place had good reviews so we tried it , it got busy but u could hear the phone ring every five seconds so I cod see this being a take out only place . I love Chinese and this place was not good it was edible and that's all .. We will not be back
After having a bad experience with the service a few months ago, I decided to give the Herb Box a shot at redemption. The service was much better this time, and food  was great once again.  Will be back for sure.
It's all been said in the other reviews so I won't reiterate the information about the owner/host etc....while the food wasn't bad, the whole experience was bizzare-o.
Great pizza! We make it our 1st meal whenever were in town. It's consistently good and we have been coming here for years.
This place was so awesome! As soon as I walked in they offered me a glass of wine......so I knew I was going to like it. Then I had a great mani pedi. Super relaxing, and the nicest people. This is THE place for the young professional in Charlotte to go!
their happy hour is well worth your time and stomach :D
When it works it's fine.Ive had outages each day since last Friday.Everytime I call to report them it's always an \"area outage\".Everyday?Really?
This buffet is the worst I have been at in Vegas.  Next to it is only Cravings at the Mirage.  Absolutely not worth it.  You come out of there wishing you have gone somewhere else even though it is cheap. Poor selection and low quality food.
What can I say?  I've been in Chipotle stores from AZ to UT to FL.  Same great food and experience.
Go every year when we hit Vegas.\nGreat Service, Great Food, More food than a normal person can eat.\n\nStop reading this and go eat at the Hash House.
Horrible!!! Worst experience with a pizza place ever. Just from my brief exchange with the extremely rude girl who answered their phone (after about 20 rings), I decided to take our business to their competitor. We'll never order from them again. That owner should consider hiring different employees. They're killing his business!
The faces change a bit more often than i'd like (not sure I've seen the same face more than twice) but fair prices and pretty good results have kept me coming back so long as I live close.
Pizza was good. Long wait. Would definitely come back again!
Pizza not as good as Luigis. Very pricey. Almost 3 bucks for a plain cheese slice.
Beautiful views and great spaces for walking, biking and relaxing.
Excellent! We ordered the mu shu pork & lemon chicken. The mu shu pork was the best though, so flavorful! Don't forget to use the sauce they give you! Def. Coming here again!
Nice spot for happy hour our server David was top notch I recommend this spot.
words can't express the taste buds in my mouth. .everything so fresh and hot..this place is amazing the staff is amazing and honest. the drink or incredible. .i love the side glass...can't wait till we return
This place is shady as.fuck. they tried to.over charge on bottles and some stripper hoes falsely advertised their price. The girls here are nothing special. Vegas is way better. Im fat and ugly but still not impressed . Avoid these shaddy aholes
For my negative experience and review I was harassed on Yelp by Duy V. who is obviously associated with B&T Nails in some way as this person recently uploaded photos for the business. That is sad and this person needs to get a life and find something more productive to do other than send me insulting comments that are not true.
Dr. Patty is a great person and was always great with my two cats. She has a great sense of humor and is very intelligent. Her and the staff are very friendly and always made me and the cats feel comfortable when there for a visit. I moved out of state and miss this clinic and would recommend it to everyone.
Love it! Small, about 15 tables inside but, outside there are about 6 more. If you go during the warmer months there is a band concert in the mall on Fri. and Sat. nights. (80's, 90's, eclectic) The sushi is good and fresh and does not dip into the wallet to heavy.
we are here and loving it.  great food and friendly service.  the top breakfsst restaurant on my list.
Atmosphere crazy loud and smelled weird. Food came out cold even under the food lamps for fifteen minutes . Order came out wrong and super overpriced! What's up with the $4 charge for splitting a plate?
This is a hidden treasure in Pittsburgh. The food is absolutely delicious and the people who run it very friendly. The plantains are cooked perfectly, lightly browned and deliciously crisp, while the rices, empanadas and green sauce they use are sublime! I would very much recommend this place. Worth the time!
Good coffee and toasted bagel.
i didn't really like this show. it was cool for the first 10 minutes or so and then it got old really fast. try to avoid this show if you can. i only went because the tickets were free, then fell asleep halfway through. ha!
This was a solid, old fashioned steakhouse in a really great MANLY ambiance.  Everything was tasty and it was relatively affordable for what you got. I couldn't finish my meal - which is rare (no pun intended).  Did it blow me away? No. But that's OK!
Local owned urban cookie is a winner in my book. Cookies, cupcakes and now breakfast pastries are all fresh and delicious. They are pricy and that is the only reason why I wouldn't give them the full five stars.
Not bad, but not the best. A lot of selection, bu not as good as some other burger joints.\n\nCan't wait for LV to get a Counter Burger!
Great atmosphere and service. Loved sashimi app, Kobe meatloaf--duck was good not great. Enough choices for husband w/ gluten issues. Appreciated reminder to bring wine when I made the res. Looking forward to a return visit.
Outside is nice. Wine selection is a little pricey, like most places in Town Square. The whiskey selection is really where it's at, here.
The portabello burger is soooo nasty! Yuck! \nThe only things we get are the thousand bean pitta which is really good and the pesto pizza yummy as well. \nThey have fast service.
OK, out of all the places I've been too, this is the most fun. So many fun and unruly nights here. And yes, afterwards was a buffets somewhere. So bad, yet so good.
Food was amazing as was our waiter Anthony. I will definitely be back. I highly recommend this restaurant. Some of the best food I have had in scottsdale!
A great \"locals\" joint in Vegas.  Awesome breakfast place...plus they have a yelp offer if you check in.  How awesome is that?  Overall great food and great experience.  If you go on the weekend...be prepared for a line!
Very good steakhouse.  The lobster pot pie is different... and very tasty.  Service is prompt and not at all pretentious.  Better than Dominicks... different than Mastros.  Definitely a good choice for a special occasion.
Great for produce and Boar's Head cold cuts. Small supermarket but has some great deals on much of their items. Not a fan of there bread but their produce is always fresh.
healthy perhaps, flavor less ... for sure. lower the dance music so we can hear each other when placing an order. I ordered a gyro which was just Damn disgusting. This is the subway of pita joints. As a matter of fact subway is better. I'll consider eating elsewhere. sorry pita pit, but ya suck!
Dim food is decent only thing is most of their food is cold which is a no no for me. The service was a bit slow maybe because we were in the other room but still. Had a group of 6 ppl with me and the price is great for everything 2.50 per plate ! That's definitely a plus.
This place was amazing!! Great food and you must try the tortilla soup! Went with a large group of people and everyone raved about their food. I will most definitely be back. So happy to find some great Mexican food.
Pros: Fairly clean, free parking\n\nCons: No WiFi, shower is 5'8\" tall, constantly berated by staff to purchase packages for the future, zero mildly healthy restaurant choices, few TV stations, no decent bars
The Fur Kids have to eat! BUT they were out of Royal Canin Chihuahua 28 so had to find another brand.
This place is by far my favorite pho place in Vegas. Everything is delicious and home made! I come here at least once when I'm in town. I haven't had a dish I don't like
Pretty Good for the price. They got our order wrong but quickly fixed it. The free ice cream doesn't hurt either!
Probably the most comprehensive supermarket in the county, if not all of southwestern PA. Its selection is considerably larger than what you can find in most Giant Eagles, and it has more upscale items. I live an easy walk from the Swissvale Giant Eagle, but I often drive to this location for the superior selection.
Just fair, but you learn to appreciate decent chinese food for its rarity (I know, a strange concept for those of us living in the Bay Area).
Johnny Mac's RULES!  I am fairly new to Henderson and this is a place where I will bring my visitors to!  The large pizza and 50 wing combo is the best ever!  Been here about 5 times now!
Lost orders, no ice, soda machine MIA, miscounted change. Pure chaos.
Not that there is anything that special about the place it certainly is cool to stop in if you're ever in the Old Town area. All the football helmets and Heisman Trophy are cool to look at.
Quite simply the best customer service I've ever experienced. And their floral arrangements are out of this world. Truly spectacular people to do business with!
Needs more fruit at breakfast but all in all a good stay. Helpful staff; business center severely needs update but staff was able to accommodate my needs. I'd stay again.
Book with Bill!! He's can sense what I want despite my rambling explanations, and carries it out to perfection!
3 hour wait for reinstatements. I dont know how they work the queue here..6 people ahead of me for almost 2 hours. Will go to another DMV location next time.
Good food. Decent price they close way too early!!!
Overpriced, totally not worth it! Save your money and go somewhere off the Strip where the food is better and the prices are cheaper.
The cheese curds were great and affordable  and the beer was served in nice giant glasses. Not much for veggie options though and the service was not very attentive.
we ordered porridge, chow mein, and i got a grass jelly drink. all the food was average chinese food. it's one of the only decent chinese restaurants that isn't fusion nor expensive in vegas.
Very disappointing in its ordinariness. We ordered a bunch of small plates and none were in any way memorable. There are lots of better places to eat in Las Vegas.
I've been to this location several times over the years and have always had good experiences.  This time for lunch I had the green chile barbacoa enchiladas and they were delicious.  I also love their cornbread.  The server was very friendly and got my friend's complicated order prepared perfectly.
Bad experience here ! I went with some friends and a young waitress was very rude from the start gave us very bad service . We asked her to split the check and told us to just divide it ourselves , we defiantly wont be back . The manager though was nice he came and spoke to us .
Had breakfast here on Labor Day. Best French toast I've had in a while. Lots of pastries available on display. Wish I had room in my stomach for it. Pancakes were pretty good as well.
Our friends decided to meet up for dinner and it was my first time here.  I didn't try the hookah as but my friends always enjoyed this part of the lounge before going to the dining area.\nGreat mediterranean food & service!  Definitely will be back here!
Not a lot to add to what's already been stated in previous reviews.  I chose the Hubert Keller buffalo burger and the sweet potato fries.  Best burger I've ever had!  Service was good and we were seated promptly.  I think the prices are reasonable for gourmet burgers.
Nice views and a good range of shops. All the eateries are great and when you're fed up you can go an see a film. Great seat pitch in the Vue but the films don't stay long, so don't wait if you want to see something that's not so popular.
I have no idea how these people stay in business-they don't do things the 21st century way. They're pleasant to deal with. They do what they say they're going to do, and when they say it will be done. They also go out of their way to please the customer. Very suspicious, nobody does that anymore.
Service slow, messed up the order twice.  One of our party did not get their food til after the rest of us were done.  No apology.... Just excuses.
1. Great quality, size pizza, salad, wings for the price.\n2. Great pizza sauce and wing sauce.\n3. Pizza could use a lil more sauce, more ranch for salads.
The Beef noodles were just what the Dr. ordered. This is a little whole in the wall so come hungry, but don't try to impress anyone with the ambiance. It's a kitchen and some tables. That's all.
This place is pretty good. The wait time to be seated is always long since the restaurant is so small but they do have good food. Southern Highlands needed a breakfast place in that shopping center and Im glad they opened it there. It beats driving all the way to go to Ihop or Dennys on Las Vegas Blvd.
Went in for Happy Hour. Food was good. Bartender was rude as could be. Curt, snarky, and a short pour on the wine. Clearly annoyed when we had a question about our bill. Shrimp was tasty, thank goodness.
Still five stars.  Had the opportunity to take chickie's son to his first game Sunday.  Awesome experience even though we were blown out by Tennessee.  Amazing to see how the fans act in Charlotte.  So much class and comraderie.  Go Panthers!!!!
I have had to change my review from 5 to 2 because the last few times I have gone my steak has not been cooked correctly. It is disappointing, but this place is still ok for the view.
I stayed in a Valencia casita and it was cozy luxury, featuring a high bed, private patio, dramatic lighting, reliable temperature controls, intimate pool, Mediterranean meets southwest decor, and an overall boutique experience. Lovely!
There are little flies on the dessert. Pay attention when eating. Food is ok but colder than any other buffet. The small portion concept is good but poorly executed. I still think Wynn or Bellagio are way better.
Great Food, Drinks and Service..  This is a place were you come casual and feel very relaxed.  I will be back on my next visit to AZ...
Really awesome sushi with a cool thing they have going on there. We enjoy this place greatly and will come back I'm sure many times! Great wife selection of sushi!
All I'm sayin' is that I crave Thai Cuisine's Tom Kha Veggie soup. Perfect winter warm up, though I loved it in the summer just the same.
Waited for 50 minutes in the waiting room,15 minutes in the office and then another 10 minutes in the waiting room again only to be given no exam, no ultrasound and a \"doctor\" to talk at me for 7 minutes. Feel like telling my insurance company to get their money back. Never returning!!!
I love the beer, love the steak, love the atmosphere. They've had some great live musicians when I've gone, too.
FAIL
I have to mention...the customers who come here are chatty and slow.  A lot if them dont decision their financial needs quickly and need a lot of hand holding which slows down the line BUT the tellers are super nice amd patient. WE LOVE CESAR
food was decent, service was acceptable. not bad, not great
dear phoenix metro,\n\ni miss you. come back. the couple of issues you put out were pretty freaking good, especially considering what you evolved from.\n\nplease, i love you, come back to meeee.
$50 rooms even during conferences (20min walk to the convention center), Monorail station and rooms are much better than in the motels around the Strip. Wired and wireless Internet for $12 a day - works great.
What a wonderful place full of wonderful treats! I have had several of the desserts they sell @ the buffet. So today I was here for an iced vanilla latte..and boy was it perfect! A great start to our day at the pool. The service was very good as well.
cute place. great food!
Get the bone in filet and the Mac and cheese. The filet was s bit salty though. The sorbet dessert is pretty.
The owner of this store needs to put in a new ice machine! Over the last year the machine has been out at least 4 timeS! Lost $$ on bags of ice and drinks! Drive through line needs improvement- wait times too long!
Their veggies are always really fresh. They have a great day crew that always gets my order done fast during the lunch rush. My bread is always fresher and the rest of the subways and they usually make the cookies fresh every day. By far the best Subway in anthem!
This is really a tapas bar. For those that are unsure what that is just be sure to stop into Mcdonalds on the way there and get a bag of cheeseburgers because you will be hungry. Small small portions. very good but tiny. $16 drinks. meh.
Grade: D-\n\nMmmm, baked-egg omelet...makes me vomit.
Atmosphere: very clean, very lively and well presented. Wait isn't too long and we can do reservations. \nFood: pretty good\nPrice: ok for a seafood buffet- slightly high.
A good fast food burger - simple and lots of meat. I always stop by to get one when I am in Arizona!
I raise them one star for their stance on the micro beer issue.   People are starting to wake up that we have the power to fight back and fight we will.  Great Dane is doing the absolute right thing.  Thank you Great Dane!
Funny how a Fellow New Yorker appraises this spot as a 2 star restaurant, and most of Charlotte raves about it. Food is fresh, but bland and dull. I say save your money and go elsewhere.
Pretty solid food when they have to cook it up. I've gone when things were already prepared and things weren't very good. The sauce is mediocre (I like things without sauce so that doesn't bother me) but the lemonade is pretty awesome. You'll need water to wash down this sweet concoction.
Best Breakfasts, Best Bagels, Best Sandwiches & now.. BEST BURGERS!!!
The one in Chandler closed a couple of years ago.  But I saw this one and decided to try it.  Essentially the same setup and food selection as before.  Pretty good and I like it.  With the coupon I only paid $5.55 and that is a deal.
Best (authentic) Indian food in Phoenix. That is, unless your Indian grandmother lived in Phoenix as well.
Sometimes they are cheaper than Lowes. Sometimes! I prefer Lowes because i can never find anyone to help me here.
Ended up finding a piece of glass in my boyfriends pie at this location, waiting for them to take action. I dont trust the pies anymote
La bi\u00e8re maison est d\u00e9licieuse. Excellent rapport qualit\u00e9 prix. Peu co\u00fbteux pour une cuisine aussi avant gardiste. \n\nUn must
Our waiter, Sullivan, was really cool and helpful. They give you a big pizza-looking Focaccia bread - it's not too exciting though. We got the Paglia e fieno which was a favorite of Sullivan's...we thought it was just okay. It was $15, a little spendy for pasta.
Itty bitty portions of average Asian fusion food.
Needs improvement both food and cleanliness.  The restroom was dirty, the table was sticky and the chicken that I ordered was not cooked all the way through.  I have visited this location before and had better experience,  it just needs more effort to do things better and more consistency.
Great beer selection. I usually get the Cuban sandwich. REALLY good mac n cheese and green bean casserole. The smoked wings are worthwhile, too.
They do great eyebrows but every time I go, they're closed. Very frustrating when I was excited about having a place close to home.
Although I like the concept of the place, it was seriously lacking in customer service.  In addition, the bartenders don't even know enough to tell you what different types of beer they have.  I don't care what your selling, you should at least have some knowledge about your product.
Best veggie burger ever! You can't beat the $3 drafts on Tuesdays either. The staff is awesome and make sure you all of they have specials, they come up with some ridiculous burgers.
Denny's food is just whatever but the service sucks. My fork had food on it for one. There was only one server and she didn't even ask us if we needed anything. I wouldnt recommend this location
Terrible. I'm surprised the reviews of this place are so good. The rolls tasted like mayonnaise. Straight up mayo. No rice, no fish, no nothing. I politely told the waitress and she could have cared less. Only come here if you want mayo with a side of rice. Gross.
Service was crappy, had to send fries back and food came out super cold, the floor was nasty, the only thing good was my Sierra\nNevada
Krista is a hair wizard. Not only do I love the cut and colour of my hair I love how well informed she keeps me about everything she's doing to my hair. Her product knowledge is out of this world and she seems to really love making people look good. I would never trust anyone else with my hair.
Heard good things about this pub whch is why I  went in - but I found it pretty rubbish. an average beer selection and a semi decent back bar. Random clientele and not the friendliest staff...nothing more to say!
Place has a problem with their machine. I am a monthly paid member and only donut because I frequent the one on grand and van buren but the one on 59th and Bell always leaves soap only drivers side area. Despite brining this issue up to them they never fix it which is frustrating.
The food is just okay bit on the pricey side just moved to the area having a hard time finding good Chinese food in this area of town
Food wasn't amazing, service was very slow and inattentive. Staff is very young, they should do a bit more training to get to reach better professionalism.
I LOVE burgers, but after having bachi, it'll change your perspective and have you saying, \"I LOVE BACHI!\" \n\nTrust me, it's like that.
Average to poor food. I've had orange chicken, a salad, and chicken enchiladas. They all sucked. They all cost more then they should have.
Good food, service was eh...both times we went there service was a little slow/non-existent.\n\nThe Moco loco was yummy for breakfast. Had French onion soup late one night & the cheese was on top of a piece of hard bread. No amount of soaking softened it.
Convenient location, friendly staff, nice large modern rooms.   Breakfast is nicer than most places and the coffee is good.\n\nOnly thing that sucks is $18/night parking - in a crappy open paved lot.  For that money, at least have a garage or something.
DELICIOUS, DELICIOUS, DELICIOUS!!!! \nMy husband and I did the lunch special, OMG!!! Everything was great, the service, food, wine, bread!
I went in for the Sunday buffet. The food was left out too long and tasted poorly.  The freshly made entrees are good-however the buffet was not maintained w fresh food.
The lunch deals are great. Can't wait to try many more.
Pizza is good.  Got the pasta and it was bland not thrilled with the salad either
The bombest food in vegas. The price is right and the people are so nice. Five stars fosho!
Still lovin' this place! Good food, friendly service, very clean, and a great value - for $6 plus change, you can get a HUGE burrito with all the fixin's. I especially love the barbacoa.
This place is awesome. I am visiting from So Cal and I regularly get massages at least twice a month. This place is better than any place I go to back home. I got the 1 1/2 hour full body and I came out so relaxed that I slept like a baby!
Even though their rates can be a tad high and I've gone without electricity in the past at least SRP will help you out with some great support that will solve your issue in less then 5 min. This can't be said about other services like ISP's (*cough cox/centurylink cough*)
The table side guacamole is amazing! The vegetable fajita was very good and the fresh tortillas that they make on site are delicious!
I was very happy with their service. I asked to have the oil changed and to check belts/hose. I was provided quick and informative service. I will recommend Howie's to my friends and family.
The worst Mexican place. The beef is boiled and it was disgusting. The hard tacos are soft. And the sauce smells and tastes like ammonia. Bad day for Mexican.
This is the worst Mexican restaurant!!  Horrible food, horrible service!  Went to this location because I had a coupon, but I would have rather paid full price somewhere else.  Would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.
Some of these reviews are sooo FAKE. Prive sucks and they just want to suck your money/ time /life out of you. this place sucks, no line just a crowd, asshole bouncers, too cool for school cuz they didn't graduate, music was ok overall NEVER AGAIN
So they serve massive portions of food and then try and squeeze my fat ass into a booth that had to have been made for a child. If your skinny and eat giant piles of food, give it a try, it you have some weight on you be ready to be embarrassed. I just left.
We got a take out order of chicken curry.  The portion size was good as well as the food.  It was my first time eating Indian food.  If you like spicy it is for you.
Excellent shopping and restaurants under one roof.
The 3 cents off per gallon with your Safeway Club Card at the gas station is no longer available since August 1, 2012.
Worst poker room ever, management sucks, they don't know how to treat people, their rules are horrible, they charge for drinks, Vegas rooms are so much better.
Jason Durant gave some incredible recommendations for the specialty rolls that really hit the spot! Good sushi, good service and great location!!!
Ordered strawberry and a Honeydew with Mochi Balls. Light, very airy and good.\nBUT Overpriced for what you actually get.\n;(
Great food with the new menu. Love the French onion soup. Even the bread rolls and butter were delicious. I enjoyed the great service and affordable prices! This is the type of restaurant that one can frequently eat at again and again!
My weekend workout spot.  This is a full service gym complete with childcare, group classes, basketball court, outside track, indoor pool(swim lessons) and a cool outside water park in the summer.  Just remember to bring your towel as they eliminated towel service some time ago.
Love the small portions and great atmosphere.
Service is okay. Food flavors in foods, but mediocre execution. Gordon Ramsay would be pissed, because the risotto was undercooked. The atmosphere and marketing is better than the food and service. I would consider it a good dinner if the meals were $5-10 less.
Excellent ambiance service and food!
My boyfriend stopped in here after lunch last week, it was a typical hot AZ summer day and we were both in the mood for something cool. We love downtown Glendale and all the little shops so we decided to stop in for a cool treat. Cute little shop, nice staff, good ice cream, what else can you ask for!
Nicely laid out, but kind of boring furniture.  Sales Associate was only slightly interested in helping and I knew more about the construction/materials than she did.
Great place to go for a long, uninterrupted walk. Why 4 stars? Scenery can be improved...
I love this store and this particular location! The sales people can be a little pushy sometimes but they've never steered me wrong.
I'm surprised when I read the other reviews for this store.  We have been going here for years and have always had a nice experience.  Peggy behind the counter is helpful and sweet. Occasionally they are quite busy but are always pleasant and professional.
Rarely do you find a spot that everything you eat is great.  Will be going back soon for more...especially the veggie board!
SNOOZEFEST....  Typical chain food .   Just the average of average.   There are so many choices in Vegas I'm kind of surprised so many people go here.   Yawn.
Ugh. How frustrating is it to have to repeat yourself several times to get them to understand what you're ordering? ...And then they still don't get it right? This has happened to me 2 of 2 trips there (and I won't be back). My advice: train some active listening skills.
No no no. What place are you people eating? The reviews looked good but the food was the same bland slop I could get at any stripmall place in the country. Panda Express is better than this. I am not criticizing the owners just the reviewers!
I haven't yet returned but wanted to say that I very much appreciate the owner's response!  That says a lot about your care for customers.  I think I may find myself schlepping down to South Scottsdale sooner than planned.  :)
This place was very good!  It reminded me of steak and shakes which I frequented while I lived in Texas!  Their burgers were good and I loved the turtle frozen custard! I will definitely go back again!
Great service, great food.  As an avid amateur BBQ-er, I recognize how hard it is to get a nice deep smoke ring on ribs, and I come here when I want to taste the fruit of a restaurant-grade smoker set up!  I love coming here, and if you're at The Mills, go here.
Amazing breakfast every time :)
My wife and myself went to Giant Hamburgers.  This place is very simple, but the hamburgers are good.  My wife liked the hamburger she ordered.  Be careful though in this place, as most stuff here is calorie laden.  Be aware.
Convenient and nicely priced however, the windshield will still have bird poop on it and we have the package that is supposed to include wiping the wheels and we.always have to remind the workers and even then they don't look like they bothered.
Was only here for the casino. The casino was very clean and decently lit. \n\nPlayed some table games and the dealers were nice and attentive. Ordered a coffee from the waitress and the coffee she brought was perfect temperature for sipping through the provided straw.
I have been to this location 10+ times and after each visit I leave thinking I need to do this more often!  Clean, quite and very relaxing.  Unique way to spend an 30+ minutes - if you like having your feet touched this is the place for you!
I have not had my nails done this well in a long time. They r simply the best in AZ! \nThank u so much ~~^^
I'm glad we tried this place and that new restaurants are popping up on Montford Street. Andrew Blair's serves American food with a Southern twist- fried green tomatoes and the scallops with grits and shrimp puttanesca were great. Very good service. Deserves 3.5 stars
order a large pepperoni pizza, nothing special. huge slices but it was sooo greasy, even folding our pizza the toppings would slop off. So gross.
Our server was great and the food came out fast, but I just don't think I'm the kind of girl who likes a hot dog on naan bread. Hot dog was good, ingredients were fresh, but I don't think I'll come back due to my own preferences.
The food is good however the price is ridiculous.  When the bill came I nearly fell out of my seat.  Will come back when I hit the jackpot.\n\nPork and mushroom sauce with noodle is good.  So was the wonton noodle soup.\n\nVery unique setup.
Its not the best hotel, but it is the cheapest and placed right in the middle of the strip. The buffet is not great, but it gets the job done if you are starving and needing some food after a hang over... its not the greatest, but its the IP what were you expecting.
Horrible food and service.. We went there for valentines day and my BFF birthday .. Food was cold, and serving people has no idea... They need a new management ....Went there twice will never go again !!!!!!
Parking is confusing\nSUPER friendly staff\nNo vending machines for food, it was late and we were starving =/\nCute little shops on property\nVery quiet\nMaid came into our room while we were naked.. the sign was not on the door for maid service.
food is still good, but the set up is ridiculous, yeah put the soda and ice cream right next to where the soups and pasta are to cause a huge log jam of people. Also had a hair in my salad, not cool.
Went last night - what a great vibe!  Beautiful views over the water - excellent service - fantastic meal - will definitely go again!
I had not eaten in about 12 hours since we were at the hospital having a baby... and this pizza STILL tasted horrible.\n\nBarely average fast food quality and taste. Avoid!
Food was just ok.  The place was dirty looking inside so that grossed me out.  I've seen better.
I'm new to the area and was lucky enough to have this bar across the street from my long stay at the Marriott. Now that I have moved I still come back because the service is outstanding and the pizza is wonderful. If you are looking for a sports bar, this is the one to go to. You won't be disappointed,
I try to get my friends to mail me the shakes, or at least bring them with them when they fly out to see me. When I was living in Charlotte, there was no way I could drive past Cook Out without stopping. And it's super cheap!!!!
Rented a full size SUV through priceline and we were in and out of the rental place very quickly.  They gave us a 2015 Tahoe with all the bells and whistles with only 2500 miles on it.  The gentleman helping us was very friendly.
did a little gambling and spent the night - room was \"so so\" the sleep number beds aren't my thing.  Gorgeous view of the mountains but the place was pretty dead.
Just Ok Hot dogs, I have had better.
Pizza was good but over priced! Beer was 5 bucks during happy hour c'mon! If it were next to Oreganos I would go to Oreganos everytime.
Great location on the Vegas Strip.\n\nA typical Sephora branch.\nStaffs are very friendly and helpful.\n\nVery organized and clean.\n\nThe branch is definitely get its crowd. There are so many people regardless of time.\n\nIt opens till very very late!
Been here a couple of time, I guess it's an ok place to pass your time.
food is decent. it is very busy place but service was very slow. good place to watch sports games. there's bar sections and dining sections.
Vast variety of beauty and hair supplies.  For ethnic, hair professionals and woman across the board. Reasonable, clean, friendly staff. But NO REFUNDS!
If you like frozen fries, then this is the place for you!!! I had the Reuben poutine. Tastes ok, but not very hot, and cheese was not melted at all. Gravy is good though.
I love Tan! He is fantastic! I walked in around 12:15pm the day before thanksgiving and he had no problem getting me in. We had a great convo and he was really nice. Also, he was gentle doing my set and the color he helped me pick is perfect for the holiday! Thanks Tan! See you again soon!
I love the Sahara... absolutely LOVE it, but this place is gross.  Go here if you are really fat and you miss high school cafeteria food AND someone gave you a free voucher.
The food is Okay. Not great, not terrible. But I think for what they are charging it should be better than okay. Also the tofu tastes wierd. I think it could use more flavoring. The orange chicken is very spicey, almost too spicey to not even enjoy it. The sweet&sour is good.
Great Shakes!
small hole in the wall quick food for the drunken hordes that creep around mill at night. or a quick bite during the day. i like the falafels here better than at pita pit. service was hospitable. I'll return.
$5 for a slice of cold \"NY\" pizza? this new yorker thinks not.
I went to redeem a gift card I was give for Christmas and got one of the best massages ever. The appearance if the spa over all was clean and organized. I felt warmly greeted by the front desk. My therapist, Jacob was informative and very friendly. I felt very satisfied and eager to come back again.
This place is tasty but just overpriced for my wallet.
Doesn't live up to the hype.  I have had better pizza elsewhere. Bottom line, I wouldn't come here again.
On my first visit, I decided on a warm waffle, topped with salted caramel soft serve yogurt and a major drizzle of Ghirardelli milk chocolate sauce. A combo made in heaven! My second visit will be VERY soon and frequently thereafter. Five 'yums' up!
I drive by this location on the way to and from work.  I would have to recommend only stopping here if it's a must.  It's usually in disarray and often understaffed.  It's also not in the best part of town.
The Monte Cristo sandwich with rasberry puree along with crab cakes are the best combo to start the day!!!
My clothes smelled like armpits & onions when I picked them up. I will never go back.
Save your money, gas, and time.  Over priced and food took way too long to get to our table.  I went once before and it was ok the second time I was sad I spent date\nNight here with friends.  I was embarrassed we suggested this place.  You want great chicken go to Lolos in Phoenix!  Sorry.
Pricey for good, but average food. Left feeling like I spent too much for what I got. Paid for atmosphere.
No lines. Quick friendly service. Two bagel sandwich and a coffee $ 11.70\nLike McDonalds or Starbucks, you know what you're getting when you walk in.
Amazing prices, awesome employees, and they fairly purchase your clothing. I always find cute things for cheap prices- I found a shirt their yesterday for $3 and it was adorable! Love the store so much!
This is the place to go to on a Saturday night!
OK, it's an Einstein's - enough said. Great coffee, good bagels, lousy service. You know the drill.
Recently purchased my third pair of glasses from Active Eye Care. Customer service has always been excellent. I appreciate the good selection of eye wear.
This is a great little store, with a very nice wine section. It is the best gourmet store I've ever seen. They really do it right!
Science, nature exhibits, botanical gardens, hiking, trails, live animal shows... this place is awesome!
Excellent service.\n\nJe suis impressionn\u00e9e par originalit\u00e9 des saveurs. J'ai bien aim\u00e9 la mojito. D\u00e9finitivement la meilleure glace du quartier
great selections. Sushi, mongolian bbq, Dim Sum, and even fried checken. It tastes homemade and delicious.
Forget the Big Chain Chinese Restaurants; this is by far the BEST Chinese restaurant in the Valley serving Outstanding FRESH food with friendly warm welcoming service. Don't miss this one.
I love this place but the staff at night are super rude.  They miss things on your order have an attitude and take forever! !!
First time I ate there I loved it.\nI ate in the restaurant.\nNext time I carried out the same order and was un- satisfied .
Worst VS I have ever been to. Only one person was friendly and welcoming. I had an associate carrying a box of hangers walk through me scratching me with the box. No recognition or anything. I did not purchase anything.
Worst place in town! The staff was rude and unprofessional. Miguel \"the manager\" had a serious power trip. I will not be recommending this place to anyone in the future.
If an entire order is lost in the kitchen for over an hour, you comp an item on the bill. This establishment apparently, doesn't care about return customers.
My Sister and her family returned to their room yesterday to find that two IPads and a few other itmes were stolen.  Hotel staff was not very helpful and they will not get any reimbursement for stolen items.   In reading other reviews it seems that this is not out of the ordinary.  Do not stay here!!
Food was decent.  Extra large portions in exchange for higher prices. If you want to lay on the couch for the rest of the day after stuffing your face then this is your spot. Service was lacking.
The wait staff is ever so endearing.  I was dining here alone and my waiter went out of his way to carry on a  conversation with me.  I am conversationally akward but I appreciated the gesture none the less.
Exceptional service for a dive chain. I love getting my hashbrowns topped and chunked (onions and ham). The bacon, egg and cheese melt was delicious and cheap. So worth the stop.
It was really good when they first opened.  The food was good, the service was excellent.  We went back a couple of times after that and both the food and the service went downhill.  Took over a half hour to get to order after being seated the last time. We swore to never return.
Not that bad! I was nervous to book it hotel after reading the reviews on here,it is not that bad. We have a room facing ceasars palce. Location and veiw was amazing! Huge bathroom great customer service.
Excellent place , Our waitress was the best !!!
The locals told me that this is one of the best places for good old fashioned Wisconsin ice cream here in Madison!\n\nI went and was scrumptiously delighted!!
This is the BEST sanctuary on the strip. They have incredible shakes and desserts and the patio is perfect for relaxing and watching the waterfall
Best mediterranean food in Las Vegas!  Excellent value, good portions, everything I've had there is amazing.\nGet there early the restaurant side is small and fills up fast.  If there are no tables I recommend getting the food to go its well worth it.
Great desrrts..  Good service.  Food is good. Very nice decor.  The staff is very friendly.  Will go back next trip out.
If you are in Greenvally then this place is a MUST!\ntrue Italian Pizza - flour is imported from Italy.  The \"Settebello\" pizza is the way to go.  I like mine cut!
Proud to be an American!
I used to frequent this spot quite a bit. It's not bad, the orange chicken is probably the best thing on the menu. for some reason, it tastes terrible when heated though. I'm not too sure why. Other than that the dude who owns the place is a good dude and he will hook you with big portions.
I was dreading this for a long time but decided to go with Wax Bunny through a referral. The results were totally worth it! Evanka was professional, fast, and  so patient as I needed breaks. I can't see myself going anywhere else. The salon is very chic and clean. Awesome experience!
Sloooow service. Basically they seat you and forget about you. I watched it happen to everyone who came in. Food wasn't very good, either.
Probably one of the nicer taxi services in town. Friendly guys and have consistently been my first choice when it comes down to taxis to the CMI airport.
Great food and atmosphere. The dates and mac and cheese are wonderful. Ate there twice while on vacation !
Their name says it, they specialize in wine and they do so with great prices. Their beer selection is great too and consistently $2-$3 cheaper than BevMo. Yes, they are a chain but hey, we all like low prices and good selection.
Awesome place, super friendly staff and best selection of toppings. If you've got a craving for ice cream, this is the place to visit.
Expensive at first but well worth it. Nice place to come and relax while the kids play. Food is alright not the best but good enough.
The owner is a jerk. Kicked my friend out because my friend drank the beer the owner bought for my female friend. Did I mention that the owner is old and my friend is 25?? Such a creep!
So many wonderful choices, and hearty portions for the price. I love their unusual flavors, like honey-sunflower, as well as their stalwart selections like pistachio and raspberry truffle. If you want a solo small, be prepared to pay cash.
Best fast food burger join in phoenix - can get busy at lunch time, but they have always gotten my order right!
If you are in Pittsburgh and you like beer.  This is the only place you need to go.  Great location and very friendly staff!  The food is spectacular!  When I am back in the burgh I will be visiting again.
do not use for scorpion issues, waste of money.
I've always wanted to go to a Madame Tussuads and I was NOT disappointed! The wax figures were on point and the interactive sections were a nice touch. The only downfall is that it's a little small but it's a definite must-see.
Over priced and rude waitresses.... Entrees don't come with rice- $3 for a side of white/ $4 for brown rice.. Who eats curry without rice? I gave 2 stars because the pad Thai was good... But everything else was pretty bad! I Will not go again.
Chips and salsa were good but that's where it ended. Dry meat on my tacos, my wife had a really bad salad. Chicken coated with sauce that was more like Italian sauce than anything Mexican.
Bad bad bad. Did I mention this place is bad? Smoke smelling non smoking rooms. Less than helpful staff. Never never get the ground floor cheap motel like garden rooms. Awful
I love this pita jungle location.  Has nice patio overlooking the lake.  The customer service is excellent and the menu options are innovative fresh and healthy. Im Def a true fan.
I had a great experience with Dr Mullen.  I went in for a shoulder issue, and wasn't even finished with my initial paperwork before I was being called out of the waiting room for x-rays. Very thorough in his explanation of what was going on, got right to the source of the problem and gave me my treatment options.
like this place but the female server for breakfast has a little attitude and and doesnt seem to notice when the begals are black burnt lol but the male was nice it was my first time there and they need more employees for the morning shift other than that food was tasty
These guys are awesome! Very friendly,'know their stuff and great service! Highly recommend this place if you have bike needs!!!
Endroit tr\u00e8s sympatique.  Les prix sont abordables.  \u00c0 d\u00e9couvrir!
The food was actually pretty tasty but the service I received spoiled the whole thing.  In this economy I'm not spending $8 on a 6 in. sub to be treated rudely.  I can go to Port of Subs or Capriotti's to the the same quality for less.
I was recommended to Roman and I LOVE my highlights and cut! I HIGHLY recommend her to anyone that wants gorgeous hair. 10 STARS! Romans awesome!!!
Should refinancing take many months, a 500.00 good faith payment, constant emails and calls and just plain hounding us ??? I have never had this experience before with my first mortgage. I am very disappointed with quicken loans and the way they conduct business.
This place is a rip off.  I went to see if they could put the back part of my watch back on and they said it would be $19.95!  Another jeweler in the mall did it for free. There is a place called Anthony's watch repair on Windmill and Pecos, I recommend going there instead!!!!
She's dressed in black and yellow, she says \"Hello,\ncome sit next to me you fine fellow.\"\nYou run over there without a second to lose\nAnd what comes next, Steelers bust a move!!!
Apps were great. We had the duck rolls, sausage, and oxtail fries. Burger however was raw in the middle. Staff and manager were terrible. The food usually makes up for the terrible service you receive at Bachi burger, but no one I hate to say.
We hardly ever miss an aerobics class. Great work out.
Wait was too damn long. Had to wait about 2 hours to get a table and then about 45 mins to get the food. I ordered Hell's Burgr and it was very tasteless and bland, also I got the truffle fries and they Okay not too bad. Service sucked but I can understand due to the rush.
Amazing food and service.  Eduardo was an exceptional waiter also Marcos the hostess/runner talked us into a wonderful evening. Great atmosphere we will definitely be back!! \nLove this place!! \nThank you for a wonderful dinner. \nLori Agresta.
Ok subs I'd rather have a hot sub fire house.
My review was filtered and I guess this one will be, too. This place has terrible, some of the worst - in a town filled with bad service, I've ever had. And the food is not good. Look at all the filtered reviews before eating here.
Best plumbing company I have every worked with, Hans was an absolute pleasure to work with- he came out the same day, got the things I needed done, and his prices were low. I will definitely call Hans for any plumbing service I ever need again, you are a blessing to world Hans thank you!
first time in this place today. I thought it's a little bit pricey but the food is really good and tasty. I will come here again to try their other entree.
Fun roller coaster! It's a little bumpy & not exactly the most thrilling, but the experience of riding through the casino as well as outside is a happiness-inspiring one.
They are going through a remodeling phase right now so the atmosphere is kinda weird. And the food never looks like the pictures!!
Very nice over the phone, asked me questions so I'd get exactly what I wanted, and delivered same day.  \nOrdered an arrangement of a dozen pink roses, and they were nice.\nShe was WOW-ed by the results... Win!
Good place for a group.\nDrunk bartenders and ipod \nmusic. Not so bad.\n\n\n(b)
This was the worst meal I've ever had in Vegas\nThe menu was totally weird: A small selection of Dim Sum, a full breakfast menu, and deli food?\nWe ordered some of the Dim Sum, all of it was terrible.\nDO NOT EAT HERE
Popped in after a movie at Harkins and the food was great. My girlfriend, who is VERY picky, absolutely raved about the margaritas. Friendly servers and relaxed atmosphere, as well.
So good! Stopped in with my family tonight. The location isn't anything impressive, but don't let that deter you. We had seaweed salad, cucumber salad, edamame, grilled squid, and a couple of rolls. Everything tasted fresh and was delicious.
Enjoyed my meal and time at Lavo.  Went only because I received $50.00 drink vouchers when I purchased the hotel package, but I'm glad I went.   \n\nThe food was really good and the service was great.  I'd go back again--even without the drink voucher.
The venue is very original with a unique and beautiful interior design. Food is great but not always(i do not recommend the lasagna), portions are really big relative to their prices.
Food- 5\nService- 4.5: fast\nAtmosphere- 4.5: a bit dark for some people \n\nRecommendation: salmon, oysters and bone marrow
Cheap food. Always bustlin'. Hungry for Asian food? Walk down from Carnegie Mellon Uni., and you're there! Closest establishment that had me everyday during lunch..
Had the Korean bbq chicken and the wings. It was alright, nothing I'd eat again. Ended up throwing away the wings. When I saw the reviews, thought it would be better than what it was. Suggest trying the Pineapple Express a few blocks away.
LaPaz is to Mexican food as a bar is to bar food. It will get you by but you mainly go there for the drinks and get food to keep from getting too drunk.
This place is so great that on a two day business trip to Pittsburgh I usually eat here both nights!  Everything on the menu is awesome, especially the bourbon caramel milkshake and the season slaw side.
This is exactly what a pub should be like. Walk down and alley, down some stairs and into a warm cozy basement where you want to sit back and drink all night. Dare I say it's one if the best pubs in Edingburgh.
Nice staff, but the food was mediocre. Apps were tasty, but main courses were bland and nothing to get excited about. I'm not one to complain about alcohol, but their drinks tasted like rocket fuel, all 8 of us left our martins alone. Head to the Cosmo for better food.
3 stars vs 4 or even 5 due to awful service.  I've been a few times now and every single time there is horrible service. The food- amazing.  Be prepared to be very very patient.
We got an awesome tv for a great price. They were extremely friendly and not pushy on sales.
great food but parking sucks!!!
Fantastic views from the suites were a highlight for us here, as were the comfy beds.  The rooms aren't huge, but they don't really need to be.  Staff was courteous and helpful throughout.  Prices can be a little high, but given the location they aren't outrageous.
Always amazing!! We are choosy, European family. We love this place and how respectful and attentive the owners are. We always get an awesome table, best coffee, great meals. Thank you Cafe Pino for being  so delicious!!;))
I have never been here before but I have heard a rumor that they don't card for alcohol. Is this rumor true or false?
Sorry \nToo premature evaluation\nWill update based on response to the problem
We got take out from here during a spring break trip. Noodles, sushi, edamame, popcorn shrimp. All delicious. I ate the leftover noodles, cold, for breakfast, the next morning.
Worst food ever!!! Look at my order on the pic! Kebab is burned:(((( I'm still hungry
Nothing says midlife crisis like this here joint. It just reeks with stale testosterone. And great corporate branding I should add- with hip naming like that your sure to catch all the hot 18 year olds you can get- so long as your back doesn't go out Champ!
Best  car experience ever.  My car looks brand new.   Jason is a very hard working honest man.  My car was fixed in 4 days and is perfect.  Do not go any where else for body work!
Don't let the outside of this resteraunt fool you!  The food here is awesome!  I had the 38 special omelet and LOVED it!  The banana bread is good too. The service was ok. I would eat here again.
The food was not good.  The owner sat at the bar and badgered the employees and customers. I ordered the stuffed mushroom and they were mushy and flavorless.   The \"homemade\" gnocchi was brutal.  I think they may have frozen it and recooked it.  I am not sure how they are still open.
Underwhelming experience.  One of the worst meals of our life at Morels - the hotel manager could care less and told us the restaurants are under separate management and so not her problem.  As patrons of the Bellagio, we were excited about Palazzo - however the horrendous meal at Morels will keep us away forever.
it has been years since i've last eaten here, but i don't think much has changed.  their food never disappoints and the free salsa bar is plain awesome!
The pastries are yummy for a neighborhood bakery. You have to try the tres leche cake. Amazing. Always get the cupcake sized one.   Stay away from the macaroons. They all have different textures and don't have the greatest taste. The other pastries were pretty good.
At 6 am there are very few options for breakfast in Terminal D. I was pleasantly surprised at how good my bagel was! I would totally eat here again!
First time here & I am impressed with their customer service. Styran was very attentive & informative about their food. Everyone was very polite & making sure our food's ok. We had to wait only 5-7mins for food. Thank you. We will be here again.
I use to come here faithfully, however there has been a string of locker break ins that the gym don't want you to know about. Well I am putting it out there. Bring nothing but your gloves as they are doing nothing to protect it's guest.
Airports suck and this one is no exception.
Good food. But holy cow man, they take forever! It took 10 minutes to get a glass of water and ice tea. And the food took ever longer. But of course asking for the check, it couldn't have come faster. Can't wait to never eat here again. Lol
I love the food at social tap came out fast and the food was great sat at the bar got to watch a few different things on like 5 different tv that were right I. Front of me and the bartender was good company kept me laughing the whole time it's a must stop by if you near the Scottsdale area !!! :)
The food is INCREDIBLE!!!!!  The girl at the counter was very nice and very helpful, however the food took forever and the place was quite uncomfortable.  I would definitely recommend eating there, just make sure you are not in a hurry.
Convenient location with a great set up for a private treatment in a relaxing environment to energize and detox.  Flexible scheduling and super friendly - absolutely recommend giving Health Vibes a visit.
The chicken kabob with rice is very tasty. Ask for a side of taziki sauce on the side.
All flavors are sub-standard. By far worst in east valley. Instead of being smooth & flavorful they are icy. Even my 7 year old didn't eat hers
Everything is ok
Yuck. \nSlow service. Over priced. Ordered eggs over medium, got a runny mess. \n\n$10.45 for sausage and eggs. \n\nNo thank you.
Not great at all...the cute house can only get you so far!
Food is ok, service is hit or miss! Beef jerky us my favorite dish. Thai tea is not my favorite
To even think about the Surf and Turf Prime Rib special brings tears to my eyes.  Even if I was a Vegetarian, I bet I couldnt pass it up.
It's Friday afternoon 2:45 pm you'd think the drive thru would be quicker than the last time I was in it (on a Sat 22min), nope 10 minutes. 2cars ahead of me. I'm not ever coming back to this one. What a joke.
I always get great service and find deals at Sunflower.  Great place to shop!!
Loved the presentation. We had the pleasure of having the family style dinner where the chef picked the menu for us. I loved the concept and the food was very good. The best dish- sea bass.  It literally melted in your mouth.
They played a Kenny Loggins song while I was here. I liked that. Took me back to the day when I saw ol Kenny back in '87 in Memphis. He put on one hell of a show. Afterwards I got to meet him and I must say, he was a true guy. Really passionate about his music.
Unique!!\nWonderful quality, healthy and delicious food!\nReally love this place. \n\n\n\nThey need to change hours listed. \nClosed Mondays, site says open.
The sushi and the Yakitori were both lacking. The tuna didn't taste fresh and the Yakitori was drowned in sauce to cover up its lack of flavor.  Are there any AUTHENTIC sushi places in this town if so please let me know
love chik fil a!  i also love how they aren't afraid to talk about politics in today's day of PC, etc.  \n\ngood food, good morals, friendly employees!
Service was great, nice variety and great food. We were there on Christmas Eve and we did get a table with a view. Bacon Wrapped Dates were awesome and the Filet was great. Pitchers of Sangria always a plus.
Have plans for laser tag.. This place is the one.. \nReal fun at this place, they have three teams  which makes it more interesting! I would definitely say this is a good place for laser tag! The only thing I would say is that the place is not that big, they only have laser tag.
This is one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. Not exactly fine dining, but for the price, nothing beats an original and a bowl of tomato soup.
Disappointed after hearing so many good things. Pizza crust is like a cracker. Hoagie is pretty good, but does not remove the disappointment over the pizza. I think Molly's Pizza next door is a lot better....I won't order from here again.
Adrienne is the best! I've been going to her for years now and have never regretted a single time! She takes her time with you, makes sure she understands what it is you're looking for and makes sure you're satisfied with the final result! Love her!
The food and service was phenomenal! I went with my parents, who had been to Vietnam and they said it was as good, if not better than the food they had there. I had the Ban pork and my husband had the broken noodles and my parents had the Pho. All were delicious!! I can't wait to go back.
Love this place. The pasty's are great but I love the Scottish eggs.
Love Fish and Chips and these are amazing! I got the Cod my daughter got the Maple  battered haddock. Everything is fried to perfection and the chips are typical English chips, cut short and not super crispy.
My least favorite casino on the strip. Enough said.
Spanish Omelet was a little plain and dry for my taste. French toast was pretty good. They cook eggs a little on the runny side but I asked ahead of time thankfully and opted for over medium. I would come back. Service was GREAT!
Very inconsistent.
Nothing to rave about here.  Too much money for fair sushi. They add a 15% regardless of the group size.
I'm all for dive bars but The Pub gives dive bars everywhere a bad name. I don't even know where to begin. I guess I'll begin and end with the same statement: It's known as \"The Pube\" to locals. I hope that's enough said.
This is so good.  I often eat lunch here and the staff are super friendly and the food superb.
Food was great & staff was awesome.  My Mom didn't care for the tortilla soup & sent it back but enjoyed her steak.
Rude and awful! The lady seemed as if she was talking down to us because we were trying to sell something. Not everybody is trying to sell something you think is stolen! Won't be going back and telling how the store was empty I'm sure I'm not the only one who thinks so too.
Didn't like the food. Probably because of my bland Americanized pallet. The food was pricey. They want you to pay for the \"cultural\" experience. It also took our waitress around 45 minutes to split our checks and run our cards. The place was practically empty at the time. Not cool.
completely overpriced. service is slow. food is moderate.. would not recommend the pho or the preserved egg congee. but I guess if you are trapped in the Mandalay and must have Chinese food (and money is no object).. then consider yourself forewarned.
My family and I went here - I was super excited and it turned out to be the worst Chinese food I have ever had. Almost like something was wrong. The honey crisp shrimp was good, but the pepper beef was awful - we didn't eat any of it and they still charged us - never eating here again.
I've had mostly great experiences with this DD. For a gas station add-on business, it's very well run and the employees are pretty friendly.\n\nDon't shy away if you're in need of a coffee fix. They'll hook you up!
Weirdest nights ever.\nWormhole tequila black-out.\nToo crowded/hot/cold.\n\n(b)
One of my wife's favorites. I am a fan of the curry with basically anything. Japanese curry very different then other curries. Still amazing though.
1 step above LAX - blech. Super busy, not enough seating in terminals, and dirty. Pretty appropriate for Vegas ;) Learned a valuable lesson without loosing an arm luckily - the doors on the train WILL CLOSE even if there is a person walking through them.
HORRIBLE!! The chicken tastes like its from a banquet TV dinner!! Do not waste your money like we wasted ours!
The food here is great but I recently had a slip up but other than that its delicious! \nThe atmosphere feels like an old hotel from up north \nservice is OK but needs improvement
Wow after finally getting the guts to backflip this place was so fun! Great way to burn calories in the cool!
We were in Champaign for a wedding and stopped here.  Had a couple snowstorms.  Both were excellent.
If you can bank roll the meal; night as well. We ended up at mix the lounge after red square (avoid the food) .  But walked over the MIX the restaurant for some sweets. pretty simple; very high end. over all so so. Dinner around us looked good.
As mentioned before - excellent food portions (received ample toppings on my Smashchicken Avocado Club and Arizona Smashburger) and great customer service!
I used a groupon and had brunch there.  The french onion soup was just ok and the chicken salad sandwich on baguette was forgettable.  I don't think I will be going back to this restaurant.  The view was nice from the window, though.  :-/
Uhm, holy cocktails batman. I mean pages PAGES of cocktails. That alone makes this place rank high in my book!
Food was great - I had BBQ Chicken Pizza and Bruschetta.\n\nBig fan of the Hefeweizen and Epicenter!
They have good pizza deals but the pizza is okay but what really disappointed was the italian beef. The sandwich was too small for the price they charged, which is unfortunate because it have pretty good flavor. The sauce on the pizza is bland as well and beside the crust everyone knows the sauce makes the pizza.
One of my least favorite airports in the country. Stay away from those slots!
I went here for my friends birthday for lunch and for lunch it's pretty reasonably priced. Also if you're doing a low-carb or no carb diet you can really score here. However the carbs did tempt me....
The food is always sooo good but the service is always bad! I have never had a start to finish good experience at the CF and I'm easy to please.
Not a huge fan of this place, although the barber did give me a proper fade. I would have to say its over priced for mens cuts and way to long of a wait.... its not a super cuts and its not a high class salon either so in my eyes it is very useless
First timer, very impressed.  Quality and variety of rolls is excellent, and service was exceptional.  I've given up on sushi places in the past because I felt like the staff ignored me.  These guys are ON IT.
The goulash was (sickeningly) sweet and the bread pudding wasn't sweet at all.  But the atmosphere is kind of cool.  And the prices are downright cheap.
Will not be returning.  My company orders from here twice a week. When we tried to use a Groupon deal, we were turned away, with attitude.  Customer service was horrible,  once the lady got off her phone to see why I was there. Will be Rolling to another place for my bbq.
Very Cool place. I'm sorry its closing. I recommend going there for a night out with friends or just to have fun. Good drinks and great live entertainment!
Decent coffee. If you need a place to be a regular Ancora is definitely not going to disappoint you. They are good people and the atmosphere follows suit.
Beautiful hotel and very accommodating. The suites are spacious and staff was friendly. Will consider staying again.
There is only about 4 pieces of meat about the size of my thumbnail in my Hakata bowl. So disappointing.
The mojito was good but it took a long time to get service.
This location has some interesting characters who shop here. There is a better location on 83rd ave and union hills and is worth the extra drive. They do always have what you need here just kind of sketchy after dark. They must have a lot of theft because they check your ticket when you leave.
(From my tip posted 1/7/2014)\n\nHad a pepperoni slice with extra bacon topping. About $7. Order at the counter and wait around till your number is called. Slow, even though I was the only customer at about 5pm. Pizza slice was great, not too greasy or too doughy.
If that emerald chicken wasn't the best thing ever!!! They could use some egg rolls or crab rangoon though.
It was better than expected. The Upper and Lower Manhattan rolls were great. Fresh tasty and excellent service too. Glad I found Room 112 on Yelp.
Best vape shop. Employees are really nice and prices are great. My favorite flavor out of the many I love has to be \"Don't tell\" which is a strawberry vanilla custard. Simply amazing!
Convenient location for me.  It's a good place to play bingo, I haven't won much on the slots.  The live music is generally pretty good.  The ventilation system for smoke could be better.
I've tried to get pizza here 3 times in the past month before 9pm and there cook is not there. Good place for drinks but terrible for a hungry person.
The sports book at the Aria has  great TV's to watch any sporting event. Placing bets are easy and fast. The only negaive is that the seating is limted. Since the area is on the smaller side there are not many seats so arrive early if you want to kick back and enjoy the games.
Group of 6 came for after dinner dessert and coffee. All really enjoyed what they ordered, from specialty coffees to their homemade cheesecake.\n\nI'll be back to try out their dinner menu.
The great thing about Raw Health is that the staff on hand are very knowledgeable on nutritional supplements, the selection here is outstanding!
Great pho, spring rolls, and bento boxes. Sushi is ok, but not bad for the price. Recommend mostly for the Vietnamese food.
Good quality produce/food a little pricey for fast food but worth it for the quality. & they post calories for all menu items/options clearly in their menu, + breakfast all day... Winning!
Long wait! And the usual screaming children and bad parenting that makes this place special
Americanized Russian food with no alcohol, atmosphere is bland, and service was only okay
\"Shrimp and grits were OK, but certainly weren't \"low country\" style. Grits were runny and needed salt. Shrimp were tiny and seemed \"canned \" I would definitely come here again but would not order this dish.\"
Loved this bar, met up with a few friends there, hit a 5 spot loaded ... Great bartenders ... Good vibe .... And when I asks soft shots they weren't fruity sugar filled crap ... They were good ole Jameson :)
Union barrel is a nice spacious sports bar.  The patio is a great addition.  The food was nothing special, i ordered without butter but it came with butter, no big deal but I will say the service was good and the manager went around to each table.
I can't believe how Justin, Mike and Ian helped make our \"redo\" evening an awesome experience. Thank you for spoiling us for the evening. I love the vibe, the staff and the food. Best mussels in Arizona! Thank you all again
Shane is a great instructor that teaches with the latest and greatest technology. He has drastically improve my golf game and makes his lessons fun. Highly recommend him!!
Wouldn't recommend this company for a Segway tour. They appeared to be rushed, not very knowledgeable of downtown and the areas that were toured were uninteresting.
Great dinner! Service was very good. I enjoyed turkish gyro very much. Hot appetizers are also very delicious. The baklava is so good! If you are looking for turkish food in Pittsburgh, come here!
I don't know how they have a lot of good reviews. The service is blah. The food comes out quick, taste bland. Bad location. The place looks filthy.
Affordable cheap sushi and Chinese food. The staff is friendly and always nice. Their bento boxes are a pretty good deal for all the food you get. Sushi is also good and the Chinese food is good and cheap. Good place to grab some cheap sushi and Chinese food to go.
Interesting, more fish & vegan dishes please!
My boyfriend took me here on a date when i was visiting Arizona, this is quite possibly the best steak i have ever had. I ordered the filet...this steak is literally 2 inches thick, word to wise medium rare will be warm in the center. Green Rice sounds funny but taste fantastic. Bandera is pricey but worth it.
I have been to this nail salon twice.  I have gotten gels for a while now and I absolutely love them!  This place is overpriced and the staff was very rude and pushy. I was trying to find somewhere closer to home but I think I will spend the extra money on gas instead and go somewhere with good customer service.
Arrogant & Overpriced.  What more could you ask?
This is an Outstanding steak house with a large and unique wine selection. Smoked prime rib was the best I ever had but still excellent with a strong flavor. The pork chops may be the best I ever had. The au gratin potatoes are awesome. The mac and cheese is also very well done and went great with our wine.
Great pizza, quick service - both eat-in, with the specials, and pick-up. Original build-your-own is a good value.
I love this place! excellent food, great service, fun atmosphere! A+ the drinks are always good to! the inside is also beautiful with lots of room for parties or big groups!
The lasers are virtually painless, the staff is super friendly and professional and they provide change for the parking meters as well as bottled water, free of charge. Rad.
WORST pedicure I've ever had -- EVER.
Interesting tricks, but not always entertaining. Tries to rush through the show to be able to sell his DVDs.
so. much. meat.
This is a nice mall but no matter where you park, you have to walk forever to get anywhere. In fact, you walk and walk and walk, period.\n\nI much prefer the Biltmore for all of my shopping needs.
Bet Pierogies around!! Great traditional Pierogies as well as plenty of creative offerings!!! \nWant somehting really creative, try the PIErogies.....Like cherry cheesecake, or Bavarian cream!! OMG!! Just try them once and you'll be hooked!!!
Went to lunch with some friends. Service was so lacking. After 1.5 hours of wait, we left.
I don't know what the deal is with this location, but they are ridiculously slow! Even if my order is a pre made salad and iced coffee and there is no one else in the drive-thru lane, it still takes forever!
Pretty interesting place, which has different tasting pancakes. The red velvet was whatevers, but the carrot cake was very unique and pretty good. I opted for the adobo fried rice omelet. It's not that bad.
This is based on partying here....not staying - although I'm guessing the rooms are incredible since the rest of the hotel is incomparable.\n\nIf you're in LV, you MUST visit the Cosmo.  That's it.  Period.
Great food, great/fun service! Bring an appetite!  We were hungry after a long walk- this negated the issue. Our server was fun and the manager was accommodating. Highly recommend.
I took 4 watches to be repaired & it was only $8 per watch. This place is family owned and has awesome speedy service.  I was in and out in 10 mins!
If you were a costumer there, and you weren't order any drinks, after many times you come, they gonna make you wait a long time to get a table or they will not give you any!     DISLIKE
Cockroaches crawling up the inside window. Staff did little to acknowledge this until I screamed in front of everyone inside during lunch. Manager said it was a water bug. Ya right, honey. Thanks for the expired appetizer card. I wasn't going to use it anyhow.
My son and I ate here for lunch last week and it was pretty bad. Everything was really sweet. The crab wontons tasted like cheesecake with fake crab meat. It was just wrong. I felt sick afterwards. Not sure if they use MSG or not, but I'm guessing they do.
Excellent, but pricey hand poured artisanal coffee.  If you enjoy a really good cup of coffee, you should certainly check this place out.  I usually take a bit of cream and sugar, but this was the first cup of coffee I truly enjoyed black.
This place is only few blocks away from my house plus it was on groupon so I had to check it out. My stylist was Britney, and she was amazing! She cares about the integrity of the hair and she's super friendly, there was never any awkward silent moment.
Very happy... Our company uses DI-Printing to print a lot of different things; Biz Cards, Letterhead, Flyers, Product Sheets, Product Labels, posters, etc - always super fast and best prices around. I highly recommend them.
Worst auto bell in town. Do not go here. It wasn't even decent enough for one star.
Terrible company.  Apparently too busy to return calls and emails to schedule business.  Tried 3 times calling and no one is helpful.  Go elsewhere!
One of the best lattes around! I wish it wasn't so crowded all the time. A cute hub with fun decor.
My friend hired Cuteology Cakes to do dessert tiers  for my recent baby shower.  They were absolutely adorable and delicious!  Not only were they presented beautifully, they tasted yummy.  There were three tiers made up of chocolate dipped oreos, red velvet cake balls, and banana chocolate mini cupcakes.  The guests loved them, as did I!
This is the 2nd time ive been in there and i will say that i havent had any problems with this place i like it will eat there again
Like how the clothes fit but the prices a bit high. This store barely has cute stuff for sale so when I go I have to prep myself to pay more the cuter stuff.
Service was horrible- took 10 minutes to take our order. Asked for additional dressing for salad and another drink and that took an extra ten minutes because the server told me they had to get it way in the back? Not the type of service you'd expect when spending that much. Go elsewhere!
Decent place but was disappointed. Expected belly dancers and Arabic music...Crowd was also very less...Hookah was ok not great...
I stopped in for lunch.  It's one of the may place in Vegas where the bathroom is up a few flights of steps.  Do they do this on purpose to avoid all the walkbys in the Canal searching for a bathroom?  Not sure.  The lunch was great as well as the wine.  I would definitely go again .
Very fast service , the food is always fresh and rejuvenating.
I've been eating here for years, through the second owner. Authentic Mexican food at a very reasonable price.  Would have rated it higher but on my last visit the sanitation grade has dropped to 91.
Chef Aneesha is as concerned about health AND great taste being equal. I'm neither vegan or vegetarian but the originality of the menu make Red Velvet Cafe a destination. And there is always room for the low-cal vegan desserts that taste like heaven.
These guys are rock stars! They have the perfect balance of personality and professionalism. Adam met me on my way in and made the experience flow smoothly. Larry finished it off great, I love discount tire!
Phone # is now a residence.
Late review.\nDecided to try this spot while in Vegas since another spot was closed on 4th of July.\nUsed the Yelp coupon for checking in.\nMy daughter LOVED the grilled cheese meal.  She's a picky eater when it comes to her sandwiches.
My car stereo they installed stop working after 6 months. I called them for my options to fix it . They went out of their wait to avoid me talking to the stereo guy at all cost. If you want anything gets done , you have to shop up at the store and be demanding as you have to right.
Great spicy food. If you like spicy authentic Chinese food this place is as good as those in sf.  Try their Szechwan beef with Mala sauce...if you can take the spice
Great selection of beer, best part of the place!
Happy hour 32 oz beer for $3.75. $1.50 pizza slices, $6 wings & chicken skewers.
Portions were huge. I ordered some sort of omelet, and I remembered it was lacking flavor. It was crazy busy and service was OK (we were seated outside in the patio).
Really fast service, even during a really busy time. Great specials, always something to eat/drink that's worth trying. Their happy hour is nice, but their prices are low to begin with. All around super convenient but really tasty!
High on price and low on friendly customer service. Food is good but over priced. If paying for overpriced food, at least be friendly to your customers.
Good peanut butter chocolate chip cookies- large chocolate cupcakes for just $2.00.
The custard is good.  We are always satisfied with the selection.  I enjoy the root beer floats, french fries and onion rings there.
I come here on Wednesdays for my weekly dose of zumba with Amanda! The facilities work and the staff are very nice. The zumba class is excellent. It is a lot of fun and I am getting a great workout.
I was soooo happy when i open the menu and there was a vegan/vegetarian page. \n\nGood customer service,  good pizza :)\nIts a small place, but great atmosphere! \n\nNo hot sauce nor ranch :(
Just ok! We missed breakfast, I was with a party of 4. Fairly long wait time. Average service. Meals were mediocre at best. I probably had the winner of the bunch...the Shrimp Po boy with homemade chips---great!
I keep trying but not anymore. The food is just okay, the service is not okay. Over priced. Not sure what I could recommend if anything. Their guacamole is good, and a fair price.
My son loves their pho!  He is pretty picky but they always make it with no vegtables for him.
I had tonkatsu curry few days ago. They serve me a rock hard tonkatsu that I have couldn't chew on!
food is expensive, \nfood is not that great~have experienced better\nBUT the fries were good\n\nwould i come back here? \nprobably not
I will say this, it is nice to see service return to Veags in a big way. From the minute we walked in we felt like family. Awesome, awesome, awesome friendly folks and they really care. Food is fabulous.
I have had much better Italian cuisine then here. I came with high expectations and left sad.
Way to go Desnudo Tacos! Excellent food, atmosphere and the owner is friendly and passionate about his menu.
If you're looking for a good time on a Sunday night, this is it. A good mix of hip hop and dance music. Be ready to have your mind blown away. And ready to beat up the beat.
Chunky mango and taro boba was good. Soft noodle combo dish was descent but luke warm when served. I was disappointed to learn that bahn mi was only offered during lunch.
It may as well be a Wendy's. You order at the cash register & pay.  We wanted an actual brunch restaurant, menu is limited & it's pretty much fast food. Needless to say we didn't stay.
Ok, heute ist nichts mit drau\u00dfen sitzen. Es regnet. \nDank der riesigen Fensterfl\u00e4chen ist drin sitzen fast genau so sch\u00f6n.
Very nice. Haven't found a Jewish deli like this one since Harold's Deli closed in Knoxville. It was just perfect! I even liked both types of pickles!
Horrible experience and will NOT return. Totally disorganized. Most of the empty tables were unbussed. Three lines merged into one and orders were not taken correctly. Workers were standing around with dazed looks and unwilling to help - they simply pointed to a different person when asked for assistance.
Everything you need in a Sportsbook.  Big TVA, scoreboard and individual seating.  Bar and food options close by, nice and convenient but not very busy which is what I prefer.  If you like the crowds and loud excitement, not a place for you.
I eat there a few times until I realize that they wash there hands ONLY WITH WATER NO SOAP!!!  BEWARE
Expensive and too much five spices in the broth. They even charged extra for a bowl of broth; all other pho restaurant would have given it away for free. Would not come back!
Just horrible
Tried to charge me $47 to fix a flat after I spent 10 minutes giving them all my info....I asked why so much and the manager tells me that is the price...Really? Usually $20 is standard...I went 4 blocks away to Discount Tire where they fixed it for free....
A little run down these days and wine choice a bit limited.
Good food, prompt delivery and good prices.  I used them for a biz lunch and everyone was happy.  I will use them again!
What a mistake. Service was lousy, drink order was wrong, food was long overdue and cold, Esspresso tasted reheated and \"Instant\". Never again!!! Stay far away.
Nice employees, very quick service. Great for a late night meal. Staff are friendly and sometimes tell jokes while you wait
Love the mussels and the dessert are phenomenal. Be prepared to wait though if you have more than 2 or 3 people because the restaurant has limited seating but it is well worth the wait. Have gone two times in the last month and want to go again.
It's Taco Bell.
On the smaller side as its an older store. They don't have as many raw and gluten free options as I'm used to. However, the staff is amazing (as usual for a Whole Foods) and the Allegro and juice bar is extensive (which I love).
Always a good place to catch a movie. Happy to find somewhere good that is close to my friends
Pretty good, but not on par with Pei Wei.  Nice atmospshere, good service, quality food.  It was just missing a little something I can't quite put my finger on.
this is still the best tasting jerk chicken I have had. The decor was weird, and service was weird, but it doesn't matter, the jerk chicken was good.
Visited on a Thursday night around 8 pm. Pizza choices on cold tray like at Sbarro's. Reheated by the slice. ugh. Very disappointed.
cold unsalted edamame- bleh\nincessant wait staff who wouldnt layy off us while we perused the menu.\nuncomfy seating\nloud.. maybe i meant to say boisterous. \nI'd never go again, we fought to walk out the entire time.
We went to the Happy Hour at Outback tonight and really enjoyed our meal and the very attentive service of it's wait staff. \n\nThe food was good, not great mind you but good. Hey, this isn't Morton's but it's a friendly staff wants your repeat business. Enjoy!
I have been subscribing now for a few months and have been completely delighted with the produce that has been delivered. This morning along with my normal order was the homemade pecan cinnamon bread that I ordered.  This was also a great treat! Highly recommend ordering your fruit and veggies from Nature's Garden!
This the single most unique dining experience I've ever had the pleasure to indulge. Absolutely divine.
The service was horrible.  Our waitress would disappear for large chunks of time that we would have to go to the bar and ask for service.  It wasn't busy at all so that kind of service is ridiculous.  The sushi was sub par at best.  I won't be going here ever again.
Clean store. Staff was nice. They had lots of christmas clerance toys yay!
Excellent coffee and lattes...They serve FONTE Coffee!\nHot cinnamon bun is delicious\nStaff is welcoming and friendly.
I have been here twice for the past couple of weeks and i must say the food and service is vastly improved. Buffet was excellent and service was respectful!   Am thinking twice in a row cannot be a fluke. Keep it up Krishna Cafe!
Wow, this was decadent. Everything was delicious. Great variety (pho! are you kidding me!?!?!). And although it may seem pricey, for Vegas (and for the quality) it's actually a great deal.
So dirty, super greasy menu. Dirty plates. Food was bad. Bad interior. Very bad overall experience. I'm just being honest.
Operative words for this place are cheap and tasty. Get anything with carne asada. It is actually in a shack, so don't expect too much ambiance other than large wooden tables full of construction workers and college students from down the road. I would suggest calling your order in ahead as the line at lunch can get long.
Quick breakfast. Had egg whites with a short stack of pancakes. Eggs cooked perfect. Pancakes hit the spot. Service was friendly and quick. For a casino/hotel diner, it was on the money!
They are not strict when it comes to comps! Just go play in their casino and you would surely get a free meal that's worth it, there are a lot of choices from American to Asian food.
Great Place nice flavors and topings. Always pleasent staff.
Horrible service. They refused to take my rental car back and said I had to take it to a different enterprise - as the auto body shop i would need to be taken to was \"too far away\" - even though it was only 4 miles awAy.
First off- do not order or eat the lettuce wraps.  A lady friend of mine that worked here explained how they come up with the filling for that dish and it's not appetizing.  Other than that it's OK, but their newer sister stores \"Pei Wei\" are better.  There are better places to eat.
Went to Bj's, had wine, drinks, salad and dinner.\n\nMy bill had a mistake which I caught later.  Was charged for two wines instead of one.   After waiting on hold for a very long time, manager said she would call me back with a resolution.  No call back.
For a \"fast food\" type place.. This is definitely a five star. Food tastes incredibly good for such a decent price. Staff was fast, friendly and polite. All of the food is freshly made.. Come on... Total 5 stars good!!
Very fun and hip hotel. I had a great time, loved the bathtub in the living area. Pool was amazing (along with the drinks) and the food was good too! I stayed two nights and would recommend it. I would not suggest it if you're looking for a quiet get away as it seems to be popular with the younger crowd.
I live in Colorado and was returning home to Wisconsin for a wedding. So happy to find this amazing little diner off of Highway 151. A hardy old-fashioned breakfast with real food and friendly service
Didn't do our research ahead of time, but happened to walk by this place while we were pretty hungry. We waited about 10 minutes for a table (8pm). I ordered a chili burger and fries, which was good, not great. Overall, the service was good, food was okay.
I stayed here at Holiday Inn for work. If you are a priority club member u receive a free breakfast and dinner voucher and a complimentary drink voucher. They provide free dry-cleaning and wash. Service is great, employees are friendly. I'd stay here again if I come back out to Casa Grande.
This five stars are for Johanna, who was the kindest bartender ever. She made me feel at home, and at ease, after a very long day. Kudos to you, Johanna, for being such a great sport! Thanks.
man, this place is GOOD.  its cheap and tasty, the only downside is that its pretty small so there's often a line for brunch on saturday and sunday.  my favorite thing there is the banana walnut hotcakes (basically, hotcakes are like thin pancakes, maybe its a pittsburgh thing)
I came here for brunch, as they were rolling out some of the lunch items out already.  Compared to the other hotel buffets, this one wasn't too bad actually.  Our waitress was pretty nice though, smiled a lot and was very courteous.  An extra star for that one.
Meh.  I'm not a huge fan of this place.  The food is less than interesting, the service is kinda awful, and the price definitely does not reflect the quality of the food.\n\nI gave this place two tries, both times I'd give it a slightly less than average rating.  Will probably not return.
Great spot to grab something sweet and sip cappuccino after dinner! The live music is so relaxing! Sip, Savour, Socialize
I always come to this shop and schedule with Lee I like my nails to be different all the time and he does an amazing job
This was a great place for sunday brunch. Bottomless mimosas. I didn't km ow what to expect with the food but I was pleasantly surprised.  It was very flavorful. Would highly recommend this place and could easily be ok with going back there again.
The Italian beef sandwiches are the best in Phoenix I found. Also I'm not really a big fan of bell peppers but the sweet peppers they put on the sandwich here are really very good. I get my sandwiches dipped with an extra side of gravy on the side.
Came here.on cinco de mayo .told us margaritas were on special. They came in,dixie.cups.,waited about 10 min to be seated,and the restaurant was not even half full. the tables were disgustingly dirty and service was slow
Burned a pair of beautiful leather shoes to a crisp . Every other shoe shine since shocked & disgusted with their stupid flame idea !
Another great Thai food option in the valley! Drunken noodles were great and the Old Fashioned was well made!  Happy to have this gem so close to home!
Just O.K., not bad, so-so.
Ok, I know it was a fast food but they have excellent service and ok fast food.  My hubby love Taco Bell, so we come here once in awhile.
I usually get on Yelp to gripe about things.  But I have been going to Sunchain for almost a year now and their level of customer service is great.  They are always friendly and greet you with a cheerful smile when you walk in.  Everything is always clean and the price can't be beat.
These guys were amazing, super friendly family business.  I would highly recommend them to anyone
Food was good experience not so good. Was told an hour wait, waited an hour an forty five minutes after complaining. Went to the bathroom and noticed six open tables. Waiter forgot our orders and never filled our drinks, and took forever to box up our leftovers.  For a 110 dollar tab for two. Not my top choice.
Food was good, pad Thai and basil chicken, but not a fan at all of the atmosphere.  I think because of that, I won't be back.  Just doesn't feel clean to me.
Amazing service!!!! I cannot explain how nice and professional everyone was here.  The food was wonderful and price were very affordable.  From the decor to the food to the service everything was wonderful.
Get the lamb tagine. #delish
Been going to this place since I went to ASU for Nursing.  I like their approach of involving everyone in the community.  The homily are fun and young students can relate to it.  The activities they offer are great.
Not a sports bar at all. We tried to go there to watch NFL Playoff football, but every seat was reserved and no one was sitting in them. A few small TVs were behind the bar, but that was it. Much better viewing at the PBR Rock Bar right next door.
Great bar food. Friendly staff. Alcohol :D
Best food in town.  My family always comes here to start our mornings.  its open 24/7.  I haven't been let down yet!  even as crowded as it gets the service is always great.  sometimes you have to wait a little bit but that should tell you the food is just that good.  Eating here is a must!!!
Went here for a bachelor party dinner.  Prices were good, food was average.  Good margaritas.
Just had a booth at the Quilt Show this past weekend.  The service of the volunteers was excellent, parking was easy, bathrooms were well-stocked and concession food was pretty tasty. We had a great time and so happy that they scheduled the same weekend as the Bead Show!
We came here for brunch. My first time here, and I ordered spam, eggs, and rice. It was delicious! However it took about 30 minutes for my order to come. If the wait wasn't so long, I would have given this place four stars.
Best Place Ever!!! The food was so good.  It was like there was a Party in my mouth!!!! And the drinks were good!!! Excellent service..
It took 30 minutes for our fried pickles and almost an hour for burger and wings. \nThe only excuse the waitress offered is that we came in the middle of a kitchen shift change. \n\nOur drinks sat empty for 10+ minutes several times.  \n\nWill not be back.
Ordered take out. Best potato salad I've EVER had!! The crab cakes were delish and the corn bread was a perfect accompaniment. I also enjoyed the brown rice as well as the pasta. Can't wait to get back here and try more stuff!!
Terribly incompetent. Three days, two alignments 300.00 worth of unneeded parts and car still needed aligned from a different place.  Not to mention that my car was returned with the check engine light on.
Good place to eat with some friends! Food is pretty good from my opinion! Sometimes they are crowded sometimes no! They workers are friendly and the prices are not bad! But acceptable!
Very tasty tacos with unique flavors! Fast friendly service. A bit on the expensive side ($6-9) per taco but worth it if you don't eat there too often. Chips came stale but this was the only flaw.
Steak was fantastic\nBeer selection was very good \nServices was very good. \nLocated in a great casino
This place is legit! Good pho, good service and the food comes out quick! Most places my bf and i request double meat, here we had leftovers - so next time we won't even need double. Prices are very good as well! Thai tea tasted like heaven. We'll definitely be back!
Nasty nasty I had the ham and cheese crape the sauce and cheese tastes too artificial. A lot of crape places allow you to add fresh veggies too
From the apps to the desserts, I have not had a bad meal. Yes, you can find one in most major areas, but its good food. Why not hit the places you know are dishing out consistent meals?
paid 40 dollars each person on Thanksgiving day, no lobsters, no salmon, nothing could eat, Steaks were dried out, snow crabs were not fresh at all and felt sick of it.  Overall food sucks and desserts disgusted.  really really disappointed, will not go there again.
Worst experience ever, the sales guys in store say they are not paid commissions, but they are behind your ass every minute.\n\nReally the worst experience in a furniture store.
Been coming here for over 12 years. Nothing fancy but great dishes and huge huge portions under $10. Hands down best egg drop soup in town. Favorite dish of all: House Chicken
Nice to have 58 draft beers to choose from.  Try the philly and sweet potato fries.
Breakfast--lunch. We caught the tail end on breakfast and the beginning of lunch for 21.00. Nice very high quality food!
Very disappointed in the bad service, tasteless food, and uncleanliness of the restaurant.
I have only been here one time but it was a great experience. THe bruschetta is delicious and the wine was great. I really like the bruschetta and wine for $20 deal. You get more than what you pay for. The servers are very knowledgeable and the atmoshpere is calming.
Decor and service were excellent. The food was great, and the naan basket was really yummy. However, the pricing is a little ridiculous. Example, a $9 chicken appetizer with only about 4 bites of food. I wouldn't come back here without a coupon, but with one I probably would.
Staff manager isn't that friendly or helpful, and they never have what I want in stock. It is closer to my house than PetsMart, but after three unsuccessful trips I will just head to the competitor spot to get what I need.
Seriously killer hot chai latte.  The blueberry muffin I had to go with it didn't hurt my feelings either.  Several outlets available to plug in your electronic gizmos.    Would definitely make a repeat visit next time I'm in Scottsdale.
Ya'll already know how I feel about Lil Ceas.
Had lunch buffet, egg curry had no eggs, goat is so chewy that I started chewing 20 mins ago and I'm still trying to finish it and daal wasnt cooked properly. Would never come back here. Only reason I gave it 2 stars is because the person who served us was working really hard.
Food was fair, heavy on the sauce on our dishes and even the kids didn't like their noodles. Service was good, for the quality it was expensive.
My fav pizza place in town. Jalape\u00f1o/Pepperoni way to go\n\nBest pizza in town\n\nIf you havent gone to Joe's and left the town. You missed the delicious pizza which this town offers.
The BEST Spa in the Valley!  I just had 2 hours of Bliss for my Ultimate Relaxation Massage!  The Therapist Julie has \"Magic Hands\" with the perfect pressure....If you haven't been you're missing the best part of Life!
Had a breakfast burrito and loved it. Substituted the bacon for ham. Good portion size for the price. Cool location and the staff was very friendly. I would recommend this to anyone and I will go back for more.
You can see instruments from all over the world, and actually hear the music played on them via headphones.  The teens were especially interested in the instruments owned by Elvis, John Lennon and Eric Clapton.  We were there for 2+ hours.  It was $36 for all of us and well worth it.
My stay at the hotel was excellent. The staff was friendly, the rooms were great, and the location was just what I needed. All around though, it was a good stay at a classy hotel.
Perfectly fine dim sum.  I arrived at the end of the dim sum service, but everything I ate was fine.  Unfortunately there are limited lunch options at the Bellagio at 2:30, so I decided to try Noodles.  Will try it again for the regular menu.
My first visit here wasn't great. However, after going a second time I found that the gyro and chicken kabob are excellent. The cook is talented I just feel he needs some help when it gets busy. Don't let the location deter you from trying their food.
Food quality is average at best. Most of the food tastes frozen and lacks flavor. Very expensive for food quality.
Its an airport....
Called for a price quote for my regular vehicle maintenance.  Was told a lower price than what they were trying to charge me. Get the price put in writing BEFORE they do the service or else you might end up with a \"bait and switch.
This place is awesome.  What's even better, I live walking distance from it.  If you've never had a pasty, do yourself a favor and try one.  These things are huge.  Lots of ingredients wrapped into a pastry shell and baked.  My God!  Drink selection is good here.  Bloody Mary bar on Sundays.  Check it out
We went here for breakfast, and while the wait time was unbearable, I chalk it up to cranky hangover paranoia. The orange juice was awesome! Other notable features are how clean and comfortable the place is, the sheer deliciousness of the food, and the probability of me coming back in the near future.
it's small but packs a lot of punch! many boutiques here that are unique. family friendly as well.
The staff is incompetent, I will never go here again. The sushi is mediocre at best -- there are much better Japanese restaurants in Madison, stay clear of this one. Way better options would include Takara, Red Sushi, Muramoto - take your pick.
Poor service. Waited 15 minutes to place a drink order. Took forever to close our tab. Gets a 2 star rating ONlY because the street tacos were good AND we used a Groupon.
This place has the best Pulled Pork sandwich I have ever had. The pork was juicy, wasn't very messy and a lot of flavor. I will definitely be back!
Slowest. Starbucks. Ever! It's faster to drive a little bit further out to get better service.
Tried their special \"Sushi Boat\" it was good but nothing extraordinary, found it a bit pricy for what you get. Ambiance and service is good.
Not bad for a Hotel Bar.  Plenty of beer options but the food should only be eaten in a pinch.  Typical bar food burgers, nachos and chicken fingers, just pricey for the Quality.
I went here for my lunch break and I wanted to find a new burger joint. I was incredibly impressed with the quality of the burgers here. I had the gringo style burger and I couldn't have been happier. I don't think they salted the frie for some reason, but I can overlook that.
The atmosphere was great, our server was very pleasant and attentive. But best of all the food was amazing. I had the Hank with waffle fries, and my wife had the turkey wrap with sweet potato puffs. I am so happy we tried this place. We would never have found it just driving around.
oh my gosh! just as good as back home:) despite the rude employees, and the roaches the food is spot on like back home
all suite hotel\nvery  \"W\" type\nParking lot right in front of lobby\nno casino
I liked the flavor assortment but I don't like stevia and I think the yogurt is grainy and not smooth
Great place for fish & chips! If you have a wheat allergy or celiacs disease then this is the place for you! The coconut shrimp are fantastic. Fresh shrimp and real coconut!
Bad service .. Called to place a delivery and i called the wrong location .. They gave me the phone number for the closes store nearest me .. Only they said it so fast that no one could possibly remember .. I ask for it again and they hung up on me .. What a jerk
This place is a waste of time head down the street to humbertos instead same price better food
Traditional bistro food done well.  A bit pricey for what you get though.  Had the beef tartar entree which was a bit too much for one person.  Recommend the appetizer portion. Goes great with a glass of light red.  Go after 10pm for a really good deal.
The integrity of the service here failed my expectations. I just changed my windshield wipers last month and the technicians suggested I change the wipers because they looked \"cracked.\" I now question the proper services I'm truly receiving and no longer trust the Jiffy Lube Corporation.
We came because of the great reviews.  Our server got almost every order wrong.  I give the one star for the chips and salsa.  I love good Mexican food.  This was not good at all.  I could not eat mine.  I will not try again.  The atmosphere was nice though!
thanks for locking up shop an hour early tonight.  closing time is posted as 9:00.  i guess the employees had something better to do?  drove over there, got there at 8, and lights were out with doing some clean up.  waste of my time.
The cakewiches at this bakery are not only adorable but incredibly delicious!  The cake is SO moist and the fillings are perfectly sweet. The peanut butter and jelly cakewich was ridiculously good.
In Season is one of my favorite places on Mill Ave. Friendly people, good food and prices. What more can you ask for.
I use the ProjectCenter for all my printing needs.  This is a great place with great people! \nEvery project has been done on time and often early.  Never seen any mistakes. \nAlso they have great pricing on any sort of work.
Aweful.\nYou never get a call back.\nYou never know where issues are when you've brought it to their attention.\nAnd some are not very helpful.\nI would not recommend them.
Comcast. Sucks. \nSlow internet speeds, despite what is advertised.\nExpensive.\nTechnician no-shows.\nBreak them up now.\n.
Great food and friendly service. They just updated the menu and the Chicken Parm is on point.
Haven't been able to find Bali Shag for years & the wizard has it in several varieties.
Update: Got some food to go for my wife and myself on Sunday. And it was horrible! My wife got a french dip and it was just fat and the rest of the meat was tough and disgusting. Very unhappy with my experience. So i will not eat there again.
After a few more meals and a few more months, I'm downgrading Green Owl to three stars.  It's still a cool place, and a useful veggie alternative, but honestly, the food is just \"meh.\"
Fun, but trashy at the same time. My only advice, be prepared to get sprayed. It's really just an OK  place, but if you want to try something new and different in Vegas, I'd say check it out. Oh, and go before 9pm as there is no cover...
I came here with a group for drinks before a group dinner...didn't like that you couldn't seat yourself at the bar without the hostess helping you.  We tried some drinks and french fries...all were good, albeit overpriced, but nothing to rush back for!
It's hard to find fresh good veggie friendly food. Simply put YUMMY!
It is what it is. Needs some fine tuning but it's nothing special one way or the other. It is better than McD's.
The gelato here is pretty good, the ones we had we're homemade:  coffee, amaretto, pistachios, and peach tea.  A good spot to stop at if you want to take care of that gelato craving.
Wasn't impressed. The food tasted like it was sitting in warming bins, in particular the mashed potatoes. Dishes are way overpriced for what you get. Now I understand why they have a Groupon.
Been doing it up for Sunday brunch quite a bit lately. Good combo of buffet style, plus menu items. Unlimited bloody mary bar gets me in trouble.
Terrific vegetarian food.  I ate their twice in two days during a business trip.  The menu is varied, prices are reasonable, and the staff is friendly.  I couldn't have been happier with the dishes I ate.
I am really surprised by the reviews.  We were there for lunch.  For a buffet, I thought the quality was great and there was a ton of variety.  Lunch was still a pretty good deal.  Guess I need to go try the Wynn's next visit and compare.
What a terrible experience, extremely rude owner with no respect for students or customers.
The rice is fluffy, the salsa is perfectly mild, the green corn tamale is wonderful. The service is fast and friendly.
Sashimi platter and yellow tail yazu are delicious! The sashimi was fresh and fatty,\nlike butter! And the platter is very reasonable. Friendly and fast service. Would definitely come back!
Wonderful place, stunning views of the Old Port, outdoor spa in the heart of Montreal.
CPK catered our playgroup event, and what a terrific job they did!  Their people were charming and all the food was delicious, especially the linguine, the Thai chicken pizzas, and the wild field greens salad with candied nuts.
Props to this place. Went for a walk in mani-pedi and received excellent service. \n\nPicked option 3 for the pedicure. Which included sugar scrub and some type of cooling treatment. Such an awesome sensation. \n\nToes and fingers turned out wonderfully!
Not bad, a little dirty, a little pretty, but rockbar? Really? I dunno about that part. The service was pretty good- we were there for a friends birthday, and the DJ kept us dancing and entertained. The decor and atmosphere was good, however, its on the tiny side so be prepared.
A great place to have some good food and people watch on the strip.
Great food but can get very pricey because you have to order soooo many dishes to get full.  Nicholas was a great server ask for him and you are sure to have a great night. They leave a menu close by they must know the portions are small.
do the all you can eat and order the pork belly its a must! i dont care if you dont like pork! the place is always pack so be prepared to wait 20-30mins
D\u00e9jeun\u00e9 OK, rien de super sp\u00e9cial mais bon...
Samosas are crispy, slightly spicy and potato-filled. Delicious for a whopping price of $1. Also a great place to buy spices. Wasn't sure where to find turmeric powder but I found it here.
Great service for the price point. friendly, helpful staff. Great authentic taste and presentation. Some safe choices available for those unaccustomed to Indian cuisine.
This West location is now CLOSED.   Owner would like to reopen in the future.
I have had several visits to the Rock Springs store over the past 3 years.They have always been more than fair and fixed the problem. The management seems to be  the key, and that is where this store works well. x
Was very impressed by this place. Yes, I've lived in Texas and like \"that kind of food,\" but it was quite tasty. Had a burger and their guacamole, and both were very good. Good service. I'll be back.
Typical strip mall restaurant in South Scottsdale.  Looks totally outdated inside.  Covering up pasta with an overdose of sauce should be criminal. Clearly no love for food in the kitchen. So not impressed.
Stopped by the Poker room inside the Bellagio. A nice snack bar is located right next to the Poker room and a good place to grab a quick bite.\n\nFood: 6.5 - 7\nService: 7
Went to the foot massage place near the back of the marketplace. The foot massage was really good, but the guy was very very insistent on selling more massages. I don't have a problem saying no, so I was fine. $20 for 20 min foot massage. Very worth it after spending hours walking around.
Late night waffles and other breakfast foods at an affordable price.  Worthwhile if aren't afraid to dine next to big scary bald men with tattoos on their head.  Mostly friendly servers, plus it's nice to see them make your food.
From a scale from 1 to 10  I  give this place 1...
This company makes frequent calls to Phoenix phone numbers on the National Do Not Call list using their autodialer software. They claim ignorance of all privacy laws. Do not do business with them.
The food was great,  but a little over priced even for Vegas. The staff was friendly and attentive. Definitely a good place to start a party night.
Traveling from CA on business. Really was hoping for good Mexican but was very dissapointed. Fajitas used sirloin steak versus true Carne asada and was over cooked. Waited 20 minutes to get a refill on my drink. Atmosphere was average. Definitely not going to return with so many options available
Go straight for the Beef Brisket.  Everything else is just distraction.\n\nTotally acceptable BBQ in the heart of blandsville.
The service is good. Like the pad Thai with ground chicken and veggie& tofu red curry. Prefer 4-star spicy.
Terrible service terrible food. Huge disappointment. The food is plentiful but nothing special. We'll go back to Arriba.
Terrible service. Staff we're unfriendly, slow, and we had to ask several times for things like plates, forks, etc... Don't come here. Food was ok.
This is a wonderfully modern and BIG office. I believe there are 5-7 OB's in the practice so you have plenty to choose from. Just beware if you pick a popular one, their case load is huge and they probably won't remember you from the next gal. Overall a good office with great doctors!
I just got an email from a fellow yelper who ate a Sau Paulo and had the CFS.  The chef is still an idiot.
I love the fact there's no taxes!  There is a small fee, but lower than regular taxes.   Not a lot to write about, I've been to better exchanges!  But hey, it is what it is!
This place was delicious. I enjoyed every meat I tried and all the side dishes were fantastic as well. Even if I didn't eat meat I would have been satisfied with the large selection of appetizers, salads and soups. Definitely making a trip back here.
Delicious food and generous wines by the glass! Yummy!
Nothing good, nothing bad. Service has gotten better.
Been here several times with my wife who first showed me this place while we were dating. The food has always been great and so has the service. Happy hour is the best deal in town and their wings are pretty amazing too, obviously the sushi is great. I would recommend this place to anyone.
I absolutely LOVE this place.  The food is consistently amazing, high quality and fabulous tasting.  The owners genuinely CARE about the food, their staff, the clients and it shows.  Thank you for being my favorite cafe.  Keep up the awesome work.
I love coming here for burgers. Can't go wrong with bottomless fries. I always get their freckled limeade...and now they have the option of getting the limeade under 10 calories :).
I'm so sad to say they are no longer here.   Not sure if they moved or went out of business but their equipment is torn out.  :(
I wish I could have liked the food.  The appetizer of grilled calamari was okay, it everything else that we had was just bland or didn't meet our expectations.  The decor of the plan was cute and the server was great but the food fell really short.
Beautiful restaurant but too corporate.  They built an amazing patio but for some unknown reason you can't order off the full menu there.  \n\nThe bartenders are amazing and the food is excellent.  \n\nIts a who's who of Phoenix
Best car purchase experience to date. They truly worked as a team and were patient with us as we had our 9 month old in tow. The negotiation process and customer service were beyond expectation. Thank you! We love our new Ford Explorer!
It's not worth the money. You pay $8 just to get in. Inside they don't have much to see if you have already been to other farms. Everything else like train ride, pumpkin etc, you need to pay extra.\n\nComplete WASTE of TIME
The food here was surprisingly delicious. Sure, it doesn't compare to Earl of Sandwich; however, it sure beats the garbage eateries in this airport! Although the price is a little steep, very fresh and scrumptious. I recommend the Turkey BLT or Roast Beef and Provolone.
The food is good but the owners are so rude  and the management needs work. Not worth the bad service. He laughed at me for asking to sit at a table instead of the bar when the restaurant has 5 open tables because there was only 2 of us dining!
My vegetarian/vegan friends and I were very disappointed in the lack of options here. You would think as a \"farm to table\" restaurant there would be more here for us! All I could eat was the granola and it wasn't bad... But was definitely overpriced.
Huge portions (always a plus) and pretty good food.  Definitely worth the trip considering the lack of 3+ star restaurants in the Valley.
When there's something to be celebrated and we want to lay low, my friends and I go here. It's a locals spot, I'd say, since it's always packed with your average joes and janes. Nonetheless, a pretty cool bar that plays vintage adult films to laugh about and not too loud of an environment.
Hi.. I am a south indian and this place is awful. They serve too slow and food is bad. Price is ok but you can get better food at the same price.  My serious suggestion is not to try this place. Have a nice day.\n\nThanks.
This place shut down :(
I have only been for lunch so i can only comment on the restaurant and not the bar (or bar ambience) but i am impressed with the quality of the food. It is most definitely American/Mex but the fish and carnitas tacos are quite tasty.
decent food
Awesome fast food. Beats the pants of Jollibee anyday! Siopao is killer. Can be price.....dinner for 2 can run up to 20 buxs and its only fast food. Get the monster halo halo. It's so worth it!
Culinary perfection! That's all I have to say...
I can't believe they allow a restaurant of this poor quality in Scottsdale Quarter.  My waiter was a total jerk and the food was awful.  Don't waste your time or money.
I lovr takara. It's \"affordable\" sushi (cheap sushi is never good and this sushi doesn't cost me my first born son) plus the vegetarian rolls are freaking delicious... I don't know maybe it's just me but any sushi joint is 5 star
I went to this restaurant few days back ... Food is horrible with old foul smelled meat ... Its seems naan is very hard as its  10 days old
Overpriced Chinese food with little to no spices. 12$ for 4 steam dumplings that tasted bleh.   Great atmosphere ok customer service but out of three dishes ordered none was good. Total disappointment. The asian food was better at planet hollywoods buffet. Big disappointment. Wont be back.
Amazingly Delicious! \nThe breakfast special (m-f/6-10am) is a sweet deal! The Breakfast Sandwich (steak, egg, cheese, peppers, onions & mushrooms) with a drink only $6! Freshly made right in front of you while you order.
The decor is pretty, the service is bad. They are trying too hard to be fancy with their drinks that they taste bad too. The food was tasty though, but overpriced. Would recommend the buffalo chicken spring rolls- really good!
I'll keep my review short because its been covered forever and a day..\n\nI have two words to describe this place...\n\nLife Changing...
My favorite grocery in the area. Staff is friendly; and they always have great deals. You can get sandwiches made to order too, which a lot of people don't realize!
I agree with the review that said this is a blessing for breakfast in Vegas.  Especially with the smokey air make your throat hurt and lose your voice.  The workers were very helpful and altered a smoothie that was all fruit.
This restaurant was just okay to me.  I ordered a thin crust and it was just average.  The garlic cheese bread was the best part of the meal. It was tasty.  The staff was friendly, so that was a plus.
The food and service was okay. Nothing less, nothing more.
This was a great find.  Very friendly staff and a great atmosphere.  Their specialty drinks are very refreshing and unique.  I haven't tried a lot on the menu yet which I have to stick to 4 stars for the moment, but I plan on going back for dinner and will re-post.
Overrated... I will not go back
We shared Green Chile Pork sandwich and Ding Dong Chicken sandwich. Strongly recommended. It is such a creative combination of ingredients, the pork sandwich completely blew my mind. Will definitely go back, and will try cocktails next time.
The fields are ok. The cook is show as hell. I am missing my sons game. Get more help. You have cloth baseball and a kickball tournament.
I love Shakti. I can always find something wonderful. It might be a t-shirt or possibly a candle. Their jewelry is moderately priced and beautiful. If you need incense or a book you can find it here. I just like walking into the place. It gives you a really great, peaceful feeling.
Rather big casino floor here with plenty of gaming. Some very interesting looking slot machines that are not available at some of the other casinos. Rather busy here, but I still prefer the Gold Coast due to the atmosphere because The Orleans felt like they needed a bit more light.
The cliental and standards have gone way down hill here.  Sunday F*ckday, really ?
We were blown away! One of the best Cirque's we've ever seen. Every seat is a good seat. Get your drinks and popcorn before you sit down!
Don't every let your daughter apply here... The female staff are rude to them... And then the \"boys\" that interview, are looking for a date... By the way girls we heard your comment about only hiring males.... And that kids, is against the law..
I found the noodles to be a little bit too raw.\n\nThe taste of the soup was fine though
Order the ravioli they are amazing
Pretty awesome. Nice service. Good food. Nothing fancy. waffle breakfast sandwich was great. i dont know about waffle pizza. it wasnt bad... just not my thing. very nice staff. get waffles!!!
I don't know whats worse the DMV or here. Check outs are always crowded and backed up, and theres never any hand baskets only carts. Great place to go if you're in the mood to be depressed.
staff was very friendly. the absolute best french fries ever made. falafel balls were amazing as well. rated 3 because our steaks were not made the way we wanted them. otherwise great restaurant.
Just another chain restaurant Caesar salad and the food server at the table dropped the balsamic oil which splattered on my new shoes!
Delicious,  good service
Best lattes I've had in all of Arizona. Really the only good coffee I've had after moving from Seattle. This place is a must for anyone who likes good quality coffee. None of that Starbucks low quality junk. Just high quality deliciousness.\n\n-Irish Creme Latte Guy
Very nice place. Too nice to have diner in the name. Very classy. The calamari was awesome and the crab cake sandwich was good. Friend had patty melt she said was awesome. The fries were awesome shoestring type. The classy atmosphere had a classy price but I would definitely go again when in the area.
Definitely a fan of all their sandwiches. Worth the drive from anywhere. And if you're a local and have never eaten here you don't know what you're missing. Definitely a lot of sandwich for the $.  A legendary Pittsburgh establishment through and through.
I really wanted it to be good.  It was kinda good.  A little over cooked and bland, though.\n\nThey did play great 80's music, though.\n\nI might go back and try the caprese burger, but probably not.
We loved the philly cheese steak for years here, lately the philly cheese steak has no flavor and is nothing special, Until they get it right we wont be back
Best gym in Las Vegas and I have been to them all... Lovely staff who treat everyone like family.
I Love this Pita Jungle! The staff is friendly and food amazing. I often get it to go. My family occasionally eats at the restaurant as well. We have never had a negative experience.
I believe this place is closed. Phone continues to ring with no voicemail. Email address bounces back with mailer daemon.
I received a phone call from my Middle School, they want their hamburger patty back. Oh, was that lettuce? I thought it was carpeting under my Kid Cuisine Chicken Strips.
Service was very slow but the food was quite good.
Ignored by waitresses for 20 minutes. Left.
A nice place for lunch. Service is pretty quick. The beef and lamb gyro is really good. The Greek salad was a-ok.
Walking by and noticed their specials board on the sidewalk. Went in for the $2 bottled beer and chicken club with onion rings. Nicely prepared, nice presentation and great flavors. Giant TVs for your favorite sporting event , definitely a \"will return\" kind of place!
Gorgeous hotel! Didn't stay here but did you know Carlos from the food channel has a bakery here?!?! WHAT WHAT?!?! Yummerz. Be prepared for 1+ hour long wait though.
Purchased the 24 hr buffet pass and our first stop was Harrah casino breakfast buffet.. service was below average and quality of food was okay at best.. heading down to rio buffet for dinner latet tonight and I'll update after each - buffet visit.
So, judging from the rest of the reviews, I guess I caught them on a bad day.  A day bad enough for food poisoning.  I don't think I would return, even if it was free.  meh.
Great little hole in the wall. Cheap food that's good. Taco Tuesday = tacos $0.99. Cheese dip is good too. The restaurant is nothing fancy but a good find. :)
Chips and salsa are always great, staff is friendly, coupons are always coming through my email, margaritas are delicious.
They serve Arbuckle's cofffee!!!  The pancakes, biscuits, and potatoes are top notch.
This place is like a zoo just run by animals literally I stayed waiting in line for 10 minutes and there was a couple a head of me waiting there for an extra 5 minutes and I said you know what I'm out of here I'm going to Carls Jr.
This guy delivers the goods! I found him on YELP and after meeting with Giovanni in my house and looking over the multitude of samples, we sent him off with my heirloom chair. Now that it is back, we know we made the right choice! Awesome job!
High priced, average food and below average service.  Have not rushed back here,
Nice place.. wish there were bigger TVs.. but had a wide variety of beers on tap.. i even had the half yard glass (32 oz).. try the turkey stacker with the special sauce..
Not sure why everyone is complaining. The developer and their team worked long and hard to make this happen. We love this place. Be patient, this is new to a lot of them. Just sit back, relax and enjoy yourself.
Great wings, great service.   The place to go and watch a game and eat wings.
The food was extremely decent for the price.   We ordered numerous dishes and everyone seemed to enjoy them.
They raised all of their prices August 1st. Go to brunswick its worth the money.
Excellent food and great service!!\nOne of the best BBQ joints I've ever been to! Brisket was to die for and baby back ribs were falling off the bone.\nYummy Mac n' cheese and tasty beans!\nWill definitely go again if in the Phoenix area!!
Sat outdoors and had great iced tea and fantastic pizza.  Wait staff was really nice and atmosphere was just right.
Fantastic good, great service, and the only place in the Charlotte area I know of to get some real ramen! I definitely suggest the sushi as well, not overpriced to hell like other places are.
I had a very lovely gel ombre manicure, and my stylist Lori is very pleasant and did a fabulous job! Had a small issue and the salon went out of their way to make my experience better and they helped accommodate my needs. I will refer them to others.
Don't go here, the bartenders are rude!!!
Took my dog for grooming and while we were pleased with the staff our dog came home with fleas and gave them to our other dog. That took 4 months to get rid of. Unacceptable!
Ride over was quick through the Hilton. We were told we would just need to call the number on card we received and have the car in 20 min. 30 min before departure we called and was told it would be 90 min!!! 4 cars for this party and they don't get a piece. Thanks for getting us stranded.
I revisited Wicked Spoon.  Sadly, although the service met my expectations, but the food was cold and seafood wasn't fresh.  Perhaps I came at the wrong time?  It costed too much not to be satisfied.
Just had a pedicure and a shellack manicure by Rico. He did a wonderful job. His family owns the salon and they are great people. There is plenty of on street parking and the facility is clean and comfortable.
Love this place! Amazing food, fantastic atmosphere! Our whole family loves it, especially the mango custard :)
$1 per shot added.\n\n$1 Jello shots.\n\nMy favorite mix is the eye candy and strawberry daiquiris.\n\nFat Tuesday is a cheap way to get on a good level.
I found this restaurant to be overrated. I think three stars is a fair rating. The food was good but not great. Wait staff and decor were nice.  The selection of dishes was limited and food quality did not reflect the price reasonably. \nNot worth the money. Your better off going to a cheaper place and eating just as well.
Loved it! A wonderful night and they did not disappoint. Food, drinks, atmosphere company was great. Had Cristal for the first time. Great table with large group.
It was good, big portions, with tasty biscuits.
Wont last at this location. They don't open early enough. Customer service sucks. And the marketing is horrible. Good luck though!
All I can say is this. If the hot shots at the Burger King corporate offices had any sense and honestly wanted to look after their customers they would revoke the franchising rights of this place, because it has to be one of the worse places to eat in all of the Southwest.
I got the chicken enchiladas.  They were fair, the sauce had some flavor but overall it tasted bland.  I can't speak on behalf of other menu items, but I've definitely had better Mexican fast-casual elsewhere.
Holy cow!!! This place is ridiculously large. That being said, I got lost many times because everything looks the same, there are no real points of reference, the signage sucks, and there are very few maps. I pride myself on my sense of direction and this place simply stumped me.
Bar actually seems like a fun atmosphere but not does it smell like a dirty mop. So gross!!! Beer selection isn't very big but margaritas look good. Get rid of the smell and its easily 4 star.
The service was friendly but highly inadequate. The food was delivered incorrectly and slowly. Once delivered not overwhelmingly wonderful, but not horrible either...although I did have about three soggy shrimp in the mix. Not sure how you make soggy shrimp but they managed to do it!
Nice service. I got the tempora chicken, which tasted OKAY, but it was very dry and there was way more batter than chicken. It was an underwhelming experience.
Smaller store front diner, with a friendly staff.  They have typical \"Greek\" owned restaurant menu, which is super huge.  Breakfast is good, as is lunch.  Nothing to write home about, but much better than fast food!  And locally owned, which is always a plus!
We found a Kate's Korner in South Pointe and also at the Orleans hotels. They appear to be the same owner and both are excellent. The ice cream is flavorful, Dreyer's, and the locations are convenient. \nI love a little ice cream after dinner, or late at night, and this is perfect.
awesome awesome awesome
Pinto took care of us Sunday night! What a pleasant experience by a very knowledgeable gentleman.  We will definitely be back to visit......
If you avoid the chain restaurants in downtown Phoenix, you won't have a bad meal.  Welcome Diner is no exception.  The burgers are amazing, and they have great cocktails to boot.  I really wish I could get food like this in my hometown.
This rating is solely based on the crooked way they change their airfare week to week. I booked my flight 2 weeks ago for $149 now they dropped the prices to $99. This is ridiculous, why would you raise the prices for booking too far in advance! \nThe in flight service better make up for this absurdity.
Truly.... thought it wld b boring, but was pleasantly surprised!  One of the least expensive museum, which was great.  Lots of stuff to keep kids interested.  Great to see the changes in fire fighting equip over the centuries & throughout the world. \nHighly recommend
Came in to fix broken home button on my iPhone, very quick and professional, I will definitely come here should I need to.
I just delivered my son at this hospital. The best nursing/doctor staff I've been assisted by ever. They were very kind and patient thru out my 2 week stay :).
The beef sate dinner is consistently good here. $11.95 for a pretty big portion. I ordered two beef sate dinners and after splitting it with two other people, still have some leftovers. Their non-bbq menu items can be hit or miss.
Finally I have found a nail salon that can do gel manicure and pedicures to absolute perfection.   Kim is outstanding.   I have tried more than 10 places since I moved here and this is absolutely the best place.
I have eaten at Olive Garden restaurants for as long as I can remember.I went here one time by choice. All other visits at this and other locations has always been boring for me. I am not concerned with how much I eat but is it in some way interesting?
delivery was prompt but pizza was way under-cooked, and pie contents had slided around.  pie was cut carelessly.  middle of pizza was almost too gooey to even go back in the oven.
It's not your typical Chinese food restaurant but the great thing is that they have congee with Chinese donut..it's bomb and not only that they have shaved ice dessert they still do some of your typical Hong Kong dishes but a lot is different
Homemade cookies and premium ice cream made into a sandwich as big as your head! Friendly owner who's been in business for almost 10 years. You'll be so glad you stopped in at this delicious local hole-in-the-wall treat shop!
Great vegetarian plate and the servers are very friendly. This is a place to enjoy when you have a little leisure time as it takes a little time. Great experience!
Sounds like these guys need to get better front desk help
I stopped by to have a quick bite to eat at the bar. The bartender was very knowledgeable. The best customer service I have ever had from a bartender. She was quick to greet and the food came out quickly. I give 5 stars to the service/bartender. The food is the only problem I had.
Everything about this place was mediocre. The food was mediocre, the ambiance was mediocre and the service was mediocre.
Love their Pizza Nortena. That's the only thing I get because I feel like I am depriving myself if I don't. If you have never tried it, TRY IT!!!
Please feel free to rub white cake smelling body butter on me while you parade around like a porn star and partake in triple penetration of PORNOCULAR VISION....Thanks Love bones...errr...jones...
I went yesterday for their fried chicken for 6.99. Good price right? Wrong! Chicken was dried out, and hard. Definitely going to KFC or churches chicken next time! But deli lady was nice:-)  only plus side!
Sangria is good, but not the food.  I've been here twice, maybe three times and tried a variety of dishes.  The atmosphere was cool, but maybe I'm not a spanish cuisine person?  My date and friends love this place, so I think you either hate it or love it.
The room was comfortable, the wait staff was friendly and attentive. However for the price the food was just ok. It was our anniversary so we expected some little treat with a candle at the end but what they brought was a plate of pink cotton candy. Holly tooth decay Batman!
My girlfriend loves this place.  The owner is very helpful when I have purchased jewelery for my girl.  It is nice to have a boutique here instead of the typical Walmart and Target!
The menu is fun, the food was great and the service was super.  Can't wait to visit again!
Lobster roll was awesome.  There was a Moosehead beer cap in our fries and the waitress' response was, \"That must be from the beer batter.  I will give them hell.\"   I wasn't looking for a free meal but an apology from someone would have been appropriate.
Really tasty with terrific service!!!!!  Great ambiance with a great menu! Highly recommend!!!
Horrible! You would think that a place that prides themselves from being from Texas would have top quality meat. Not the case at this place. Save your money.
Good paninis, decent drinks.  Must come back for one of their phenomenal looking desserts.  Great prices!\n\nApparently this is a perfect place to come as a student with laptop etc... they are friendly and let you sit
Good atmosphere, food is very good and I would give 4 stars but service was slow to\nto arrive at our table and we waited nearly 45 minutes for a burger. Staff is very pleasant!
I had the steak and lobster tail - had to send the steak back because it was not the temperature I requested. It was hold when it came back, too much sugar in the sauce too, I gad an empty most of the lunch so service was pretty bad too
The best sushi ive had in a my life.  That is all i have to say.
Food was terrible - service was good - prices have been raised twice in the past 6 months - now over priced -  no happy hour  but love the golf course -
Heck yes. Why go anywhere else?
Was ok but the price for their steaks and service did not match.  For the same I could have paid a pro grilled and bought my own meat.
Love this place and the bartenders!! Good food and good beer!!!
I was here last night for the IronFork competition.
Not overly impressed just average. Pre packages potatoes & hash browns  nice atmosphere  gd waiting staff seemed well organized.
This place was good. Defiantly could share food. The wait for our food was a bit long.
Good food overall the service can improve personally expectations met but the other table had a misorder. Overall average dining experience. Love the thai iced tea and chowmein
If you're looking for a nice place for a romantic dinner, I'm afraid you'll have to buy your food here and take it home. No tables. However, the food is cooked fresh to order and the menu, while simple, is reasonably priced, delicious, and satisfying.
best pinball arcade in the usa!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good classic bar food and then some.  $5 burgers every Tuesday after 5pm. Good cocktails. Calamari good but portion looks deceiving as lettuce lays below calamari.
Love their breakfast burrito and chorizo burritos. Always go through the drive thru on my way to work. 2 meals easily as they are huge and the price is cheap!
We made reservations at The Deli for Thanksgiving several weeks in advance. We got back from a trip out of country that day and took the excited kids over for dinner. The place was closed. \n\nThanks for nothing, The Deli. Would a phone call telling us you changed your schedule for Thanksgiving have been so hard?
The service was curt, the food was basically Denny's quality, the prices were double what they should have been. The map was fun to look at, but I won't be back.
This company ( First Class sedan) definitely is a scam. On phone Matt gave price of $25 with specific addresses and The driver Richard charged my girlfriend $40! Dishonest company. Go elsewhere.
This is a great way to explore downtown Scottsdale's art scene once the weather lets up. I would not recommend this activity in the summer. Many of the galley owners provide snacks, cheese, wine, etc. Plus, the old-town area bars tend to boom on these nights.
Loved it! I highly recommend the awesome food here. My only complaint is that my bill was higher than what the menu stated it should've been.
Fun place to go and see some Packers take em down!
Not busy on a Thursday.  Coffee okay, not great.  Friendly staff.  Had the \"Scrambler\", which had bacon,cheese, tomatoes, spinach in it.  Very nice.  Served with a side of roasted potatoes that were almost burnt.  A little too crispy and salty for me.
This place is totally Vegas. Food is wonderful. The atmosphere is old Vegas. The complimentary limo is a bonus. We frequent this joint every time we get a chance when visiting Vegas which is often. There's always a lounge singer which feels oh so Vegas.
Excellent tacos. Quite a chaotic scene, but worth the wait. Would be nice if they had rice, beans and chips.
My husband sent me a bouquet from here for our anniversary. Flowers were arranged well, but 4 of the large flowers in it were extremely wilted when they were delivered. They look like they are on their last leg. Kind of sad when spending $80+ for an arrangement to already look like its dying when it comes in the door.
This place was great! Went during lunchtime, good specials, service was on point, place was clean and welcoming. But most importantly, the food was delish!  I \nhad the moo gai pan and my bf had the Kung pao chicken. You could tell it was all freshly cooked with fresh vegetables. Def recommend!
Good place to go with a group of people and split too many pitchers and eat free popcorn. Also a good place to end the night..
Good sushi and happy hour.  Horrible service.  We might as well be waiting our own table.  :/
This is the best Chinese food I've ever had. The menu is huge and should have something for everyone.  The staff are all Asian, and the place is always patroned by Asian customers, which was a good sign for me from the start.
I'm happy to work with Jason. He is a good, diligent, trustful, hard-working person.\n\nI just worked with him for a project and his service was excellent.  Also his teams are great to work.\n\nI will keep work with him for more projects in future.
I've been coming here for 10 years, and have never been disappointed. The pizza and wings here are great, and the staff are very friendly.
Awesome!!!!  One of the best values in town!
This place is modern glam! All the stylists here are super friendly and quite amazing at what they do. I literally come to Vegas just to do my hair! LOL my hair stylist Brandon is brilliant! I started coming here since June 2011 and I will keep coming back! (:
Beer selection good but service was really slow and it seemed that the majority of the bar patrons were fellow co-workers drinking. Pretzels and beer cheese also good.
Stuffed French Toast.... Brunch time
The cocktail was outstanding and the Grilled shrimp Caesar with truffles had great flavor. That said, the lettuce was not crisp - something I would not have expected for this caliber of restaurant.
Got the #5 thit nguoi. Very yummy. Toast it. Friendly environment. Looks very nice inside. Ice coffee is yummy as well!
Great meals,drinks and service in the bar. Happy hour until 7pm is a plus. We experienced none of the problems recently experienced by others, other than they were out of Corona beer. Nice change of pace from usual Westside restaurants and menus. Will return soon.
One of the most mediocre restaurants I ever had dinner. very expensive, sushi very very average at best. I would never go back
First thing they do is get your drinks...but NEGLECT to let you know THEY ARE NOT INCLUDED in your meal cost. At $11.50 for dinner the least thy could do is include the damn drink. \n\nI also do not appreciate the staff speaking Spanish.
Great work out classes for the TNT dudes as well. Tina kicks my butt every time. No pain no gain :-)
Great food and atmosphere. I had the shrimp cocktail and it was cold and awesome. The guacamole on the torta really made the sandwich and the ice cold watermelon drink was tasty. I am glad the waitress recommended it.
The only good thing about this hotel is the location. The rooms are nasty, no fridge and there is an extra charge to use the gym daily. Well as they always say,\"You get what you pay for.\" This hotel is not worth the money unless you don't care about where you lay your head.
Love it!  Drinks could use a little updating.\nFood is delicious!  Environment is casual and clean.\nStaff are very friendly.\nChips and 3 kinds if salsa- best I've had in a long time!\nMuchas Gracias!
Yeah, this place has true Edinburgh grit. Stopped off for a quickie on way to hotel and stayed for dinner and the friendly company. If you are wandering down Rose Street, give this place a shot.
Remodled.  Better food than before.  Excellent pork roast.
This is a great place to meet with friends before seeing a movie at the Art.    Great service and good food.   For a special treat, ask for the traditional menu, which features additional dishes (for the more adventurous).
Coffee and bagels are delish!
Food is good, but price is high being that it is in the Wynn.  We had some good late night pizza and drinks here.\n\nWe returned for dinner, and had a nice meal.  The price was very high for the level of the food, but the upscale atmosphere and great service were top notch.
Went with great expectations and was disappointed with my selection \"lobster curry\" portion was small, not presented well and below average flavors for a curry
Oh   Great place to make new friends. Excellent food. Service. Very clean.  Great dining experience.
I've had mixed results here. I would definitely recommend if buying a new bike, but have had much less success with items/parts I've ordered or with repairs.
First time here. Had the Greek salad with grilled chicken  and homemade Greek salad dressing and tzatziki.  Salad was fresh and tzatziki was very good. Waitress was friendly and attentive lunch was cheap.
Glad they moved to the neighborhood. Extremely fresh food, made to order. The chicken kabob plate is my choice of meals. Owner operated which I love and they are extremely friendly people. A+++
Solid value with huge rooms, a nice uncrowded casino and a great pool. Look its a b string hotel Off the strip but close with easy parking. Good shows, clean and a friendly crowd. Overall if you wait too long to make reservations, this is a decent option
Great south of the border tacos. Also go next door to the souvenir store and buy your cold beer to go with your tacos. They just got their alcohol license today. Heaven sent.
Really a great steakhouse. Great service, the meats are perfectly cooked. The lobster tempura is to die for. Nice wine list. The price is up there but it is a high end (but casual) place. Can not go wrong. It's money well spent.
I went once and wasn't impressed.  I tried it again and it didn't fare any better.
Dear owner of Gus's,\n\nPlease go out of business and open a Starbucks in your location.\n\nThanks,\n\nMike
they have a pretty darn good chorizo and egg burrito. it has alot less grease than filibertos but they are still not on armandos level.
So when this place first opened it was pretty good, but now the quality and service has gone downhill and I will not be returning. I love Hue food and refuse to eat mediocre Hue food or support a business that do not value their customers enough to keep the quality the same or try to improve their quality.
Not impressed. It does NOT resemble a cave so don't be expecting any cool ambiance.  A 4oz piece of fish or chicken is $15-20. Not worth it. Small plates are enough for 1 person. Don't go here hungry.....
We went for a Friday lunch.  It was just average.  Nothing specacular about it.  Taco bar, some asian selections, pizza, instant mashed potatoes, salads.  The desserts were the best part.  I guess at $10 though, you get what you pay for!
Awesome food!!! Great to have a restaurant finally in town center lounge that knows what's going on !
(2.5 stars)I'll keep it simple: great for watching a game -- they have about 9,000 TV's to tune to whatever you want. The food is meh... Totally typical and unimaginative, and probably from frozen ingredients.
justin is the best server\nthey really sing for your birthday\njasmine is great\nthe parmesan wings are great\nthe steak sandwich\nthe roast beef\ncheesecake is wonderful
While this is a good replica of Pepe's pizza in CT, it is very \"specialty\" item based. You can't order a pizza the way you want it, seems to be focused more on specialty pizzas than every day pizza varieties.  Better off going to Patsy Grimaldi's
One star overstates. The food is really bad and the selection limited. Don't waste your time or your money.
The place was super busy maybe that is why our food was really cold. Seemed like chicken was cold but the cheese was warm. Fries were completely cold. I would have loved to wait a little more for a better, warmer meal.
food is barely warm, quality and selection drop greatly. I am very disappointed today.
I really don't have to say much about this place because everyone who has rated this a 4 or 5 star pretty much says it all.  The end!!
Chicken pita was unbelievably good!! Better than the old Middle Eastern Deli. Crisp marinated veggies. Perfectly marinated and grilled chicken in a thin pita. Wow.
I enjoy taking my kids here.  It is a nice afternoon activity on a hot day that gets them out of the house.  The staff have always been friendly and nice.  The snack bar and bar are reasonably priced.  The equipment is clean and plentiful.\n\nTry cosmo-bowling too...it's really neat.
Scott Berger, the owner, is by far the most friendly passionate jeweler in town. I dare you to find a better man for the job.
I had one the most original burgers I have ever tasted at Brad's Place in Ahwatukee. A bratwurst burger topped with sourkraut and cheese. Add a some pickles and mustard and this thing was incredible. Friendly place and good food... now, that is a great combination.
My favorite place in Vegas. You HAVE to try the drink called Midnight in Paris. Piano guys are cute and awesome!
Nice staff, solid frozen deserts, but food is standard fast-food fare.
Good food, great service and \"local flavor\" - recommended...
Good lunch today!  The BBQ was good and service was good too.  Not at all crowded at lunch.
Great place!! You can sample any of the flavors they have. They have a great selection of mods. Dude helping me out was great. Felt bad I interrupted his game of COD zombies. All in all, not going anywhere else from now on. Highly recommend you go there.
Likes-although there is no green tea match a , the papaya milk tea and Jasmine milk tea are powerful in taste and I even froze one to save for the next day. Dislike- minimum purchase with a debit card. Yuck!
Had a late lunch with the wife and decided to try Les 3 Brasseurs on St-Denis. Place was nice and clean warm even on a gloomy day. Beer was good. Service as well. But a 15$ nothing special burger served with frozen fries. Big disappointment.
Went here with some coworkers for lunch. Was not impressed with the pizza at all. The garlic bread tasted store bought. Will not return.
Oh my goodness! This place is amazing!\nIt's like a subway but with pizza.\nIt's a cute place with very nice and friendly staff.
Simple little place in a sad little strip center with some great food reasonably priced. I just had the avocado toast, multigrain toast with fresh smashed avocado and ground pepper on it. For $2.50! Simple, fresh, delish and cheap! The rest of the menu looks equally wonderfully.My kinda place.
If you want a meal prepared by someone who is passionate about food come here. If you are in a hurry it may not be the best option. Slow down and take the time to enjoy this place. It's not amazing vegan food, it's amazing food period. Friendly and genuine staff. Yum
Love it!! Everyone is awesome.  Always a different workout every time.  It great there is no set time for class you just jump right in and start at the bell.
Great spot!
This place has the best drinks in town! They always have some kind of infused vodka that is to die for. The food is heavy and amazing. Truffle pasta and beef stroganoff are the best
Can Soda was hot. Rice was hard not fully cooked. Chicken portion was small. Price was too high for fried rice and one entree..  Honestly panda is better and prices are more competitive .
Went into the restaurant and no one acknowledged us. Worst customer service I ever experienced! Horrible choice if you are expecting service.
TLC Care Center gave me back my life ! I have been here over a year and plan on going home soon. I have received great care from my doctors, nurses, and the staff here. The physical therapy folks are the best ! God bless you and thanks TLC !!!
It was awesome! Loved the environment and the food was just amazing.
The food is good but the portions aren't very generous for the price.  I ordered a salad to go for the 1st time and it seemed about half the size of the dine-in size.  Oh well, maybe I just eat too much.
Great food, definitely lives up to it's reputation
Petite Maison is an awesome date spot. The restaurant will charm you and the food  will wow you. If your date doesn't go well you'll still be happy you ate here!
great place! Wonderful staff
Always happy to see you, cashiers are very nice and place is very clean. Great daily specials, I always wait for taco Tuesdays. Can't beat it.
Overpriced mediocre food. DO NOT go here. The service was awful! We had to ask our waitress three times for napkins and silverware! Super slow service and to top it off the waitress charged us for an item we didn't even order. Never coming to this place again!!
Great soup but I would pass on the Chicken and waffles... Great hours (24/7) Better than Cheesecake factory.
No public WiFi, and wireless broadband service is terrible. I usually don't care about this at a ballgame, but during a weather delay it was frustrating.
The Landmark came highly rated by friends.Unfotunately, not wheelchair accessible, so, we'll never know.
Meh.  I didn't see what the hoopla is all about.  They say there's a pound of lobster in each roll; not sure what measurement scale they're using.   It was nothing to write home about.
I think it's closed! And being replaced by Hot n Juicy! (waving arms like Kermit) YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY!
They gave me expired sour cream and I didn't notice it until I pretty much ate it all! Haha oh well!\n\nIf you're going to eat anything, stick with the quesadillas. They're not too shabby!
Service was great - creole food was good. Do not expect Cajun at this location. Jambalaya was below Louisiana standards.   With that said - it is definitely worth a return visit.
A place worth trying. Had brunch there and the baked potatoes were very good. Gotta visit next time
Love this place.  They have the best sandwiches in town.
I always have loved this place!! Great bagels and great service. It's always busy for a reason :)
Fun hike up to hieroglyphics and a couple small pools. It keeps a steady, easy grade incline up to the top. Took us about an hour and a half round trip. Would love to see the pools during or after a rainstorm!
No Compassion for my 12 year old. In my opinion took his cast off way to early and put a hard sling on him that did not form right. Every time I called to get him in to for a new one it was excuse after excuse not to see him. Not recommended at all. ZERO STARS
Best coffee ever. \nAnd I don't even like coffee.\nThat's all I'm going to say.
I was really drunk and it was really good!!
I work Uptown, so I have eaten here several times. Tin Tin is reasonably priced and convenient for a quick lunch. Most of the food, however, has a fast-food mall food court type feel. The Pho and Canton Noodle soups are plentiful and satisfying!
Very bad food!
I had contacted Dominos and reported the mistaken pizzas received weeks ago.  The manager sent a very nice email, obviously sincere and wanted to make things right, inviting us back.  Most impressive follow through - Thank you for caring and being concerned.  We look forward to updating this.
Cheddar burger, check. Vanilla shake, check. Food coma, double check!!! This place is old school burgers, fries and shakes; and they are good at what they do!
4.5 Stars.\n\nI had the linguini with clam.  The pasta was a bit soft as I prefer al dente but it was still tasty and the sauce was delicious.  My friend thought his meal was good but not excellent.  I would go back for sure.
Seriously the best food in all of Maricopa!  Service was a little slow but well worth the wait.
Highly recommended this salon...RONI HALE is the most generous, kind hearted person at this salon. She is extremely professional and most importantly she listens to her clients. If you want your hair done correctly please go to hotbox and ask for RONI HALE! \n#hairbyronihale
Again, we are regulars here. They have delicious creations, incredibly friendly and attentive. They learned our names, ask about our children & work.  \n\nIt's a terrific place. Great food. Great service. Highly recommend.
Salt and pepper wings are f'n amazing. Mahi fish tacos for $2 on Tuesday's are one of the best deals in Scottsdale period. \n\nThe Mexican food was enjoyable as well but I come here for the wings and the tacos.
Yummm! Food is great and happy hour starts at 3pm!:)
ALL THAT MATTERS IS THE GOULASH! get it, my gf and i wont even split it anymore, we both get it so we can eat it for leftovers. great spot and prices all around tho
They had very fresh seafood and oysters were good.  Thumbs up from me!
Heaven ! Walked in after long day on heels & left feeling so relaxed. Ling was great and so nice she also did shoulder massage & knew exactly how to relieve tension in shoulders. I'll be back for sure.
You can get a real Malted Shake there! Nuff said.
Is really Club 5.  And holds this title because it has no competition.  Still, if you enjoy dancing and like Gay Men's Dance Music, this is the place to be on weekends...say \"hi\" to Craig, your most generous and helpful bartender!
Best FRESH Mexican food in the city!!!
If you need a bulletproof vest, they have them here.  They have BulletSafe vests which are really nice.  They are level IIIA and they cost only $299.  This is about half the price of a similar vest at a uniform supply store.
Great company! Great Staff! If you ask around in Phoenix AZ DIFFERENTIAL SPECIALISTS is the ONLY PLACE TO GO!! I've known about them for years. So when my company truck blew out the diff you can guess where we went for 5 star service!
My Shadow visits this place about once a month for a couple hours of day care and a bath. I can see the staffs are very good with the dogs, they play fetch with him! He loves to play fetch. What's not to like when you come back to a happy clean dog!
I do not see the value of the store. I look at most prices and what is offered. I have purchased here but infrequently and not a lot
Food was awful, very bland and poorly prepared. Ambience and service was ok. But this place is 1star at best.
fast service, highly recommend checking this place out..sat down to play piano tiles and my watch finished in a heartbeat
Expect to wait about an hour to get your food. But it's definitely good once it's there!
The burgers here are delicious. The price is relatively good. They have a bakery with some amazing treats. The environment inside is nice and they have TVs with sports playing usually. They give you free pickles and bread while you wait. The service is decent.
Sushi wasn't good or fresh.  It was not busy at all and service wasn't fast or efficient. They were suppose to open at 11am.  We arrived at 110am and the guys was just getting there to open up. He asked us to come back in about 45mins cause he was not ready.
Our server was Heath....he was quick, polite and never let our drinks dip below half full :)\nThanks Heath! You rock!\nJason, Brandon & Jen from sunday funday!
Love these trails. They interconnect with several other trails in the neighborhood so there are a variety of different routes that one can take.\n\nI've also seen security on bikes a few times while out on the trails so apparently they are regularly patrolled.
Whoa, screwed up coming here on a Saturday.  I have been in a line for 45 minutes waiting and no one is moving.  The staff must be on strike.
This salon is really cute. Fridays are 1/2 off single sessions and this is why I keep coming back. I use the level 2 bed and on Fridays its only $5 to tan. I wouldn't come here if they didn't have that though because membership prices are ridiculous and the customer service isn't that great.
This place is so cool. They have illy coffee and wifi. I found this coffee shop while i was driving down eastern. I love the coffee brand illy. Its very hard to find here in the Henderson area. It looks really modern and the staff is friendly.
Just had an amazing dinner ! Great ambience, service and exceptionally delicious food. I had the scallops and bf had the lamb. C'etait parfait. If you close your eyes, you will think you are in France ! We will be back very soon !!
This location is right by my house, and is very convenient. The staff has always been very polite and helpful here- I have never had any problems with them. There's never been an issue with applying coupons at this location.
When you walk in, you get the feeling of walking into a NY pizzaria. The service, the pizza, & the build you own thin crust pizza was awesome!
Small but very inviting place. Service was good and very nice. The Ell and cucumber was great and so was the squid salad.
Greasy and quick should be the name of this place.. I ordered the Mongolian beef and it was drenched in oil.. it was disgusting.
Curry in a hurry!!!!\n\nDelish!\n\nSo wonderful and tasty and spicy. I love it here.
Great place to get a healthy smoothie in Vegas!
Egg Works is our favorite! Great food, sweet staff, and a family-friendly atmosphere. The potatoes and banana nut muffins are especially delicious!
Service was pretty good but the price changes day by day for the same order
$5 sub, that was plain. I had to ask for mustard... Doesn't that usually come in a sandwich? Also, it said on the menu, cucumbers... False advertising, much. Their bathroom was clean, and decorated funny, though.
Slowest Starbucks ever. When the line is 10 people deep, the barista still only makes one drink at a time. Try to avoid if you can.
Loved it! Top rate all the way. We had one issue which was promptly adressed and rectified! I had the dry rubbed ribeye, with a wonderful red wine sauce (recommended by the awesome waiter), which was to die for!
The atmosphere in Chompie's is fun with a lot of New York poster art and the service was prompt. The food however was poor. I had a pot roast sandwich that was tough and flavorless. This area has dozens of restaurants, next time I'm in the area I'll try a different one.
Wasn't impressed at all. For price I expect better quality. Chicago style Pizza was burnt and wings where not even crispy.
Fundido is amazing!
This is the worst McDonald's I've ever been to and it's surprising how bad it is. Their sweet tea taste like sewer water and it's not even sweet. I can't even finish the drink! Had to toss it. Their fries are not salty whatsoever and it's so dry. Never again.
Outside of the lobster bisque, the food was outstanding! The surf and turf with the filet and lobster were divine. The macaroni and cheese and goose fat potatoes melted in my mouth. OMG!!! Too full for dessert....
at least the portions are big....the food is ok of the main menu, the specials are much better.  very noisy and often a LONG wait due to a lack of seating.  overall not bad, but they could improve a lot very easily if they wanted to.
I will never come to Vegas without visiting again. Incredibly hard workers. Margaritas are the bomb, get the pitcher it's $2 more than two glasses and about 3x as many.  Beautifully decorated. They made me nopales con Juevos (eggs with cactus).  This place rocks.
3 words: blah, blah, and blah. Food is bland. Staff demeanor was poor. Would go back only for the homemade tortillas.
I was pleasantly surprised by this place.  The smell of freshly cooked tortillas was wonderful.  The staff was nice, and the food was amazing.  I highly recommend it.  It's a \"hole in the wall\", but that's part of the charm.
Poolside bar with a few appetizers and a limited menu.  You pay a premium for being outside and near a resort pool.  Today the pool scenery was limited.  The hummus appetizer was excellent, wine and cock  tails were 50 percent more than other bars in the resort.
The cute waitresses are usually the only draw to this bar. The food is sub par bar fare. The drinks are always weak. If you are destined to dine at Westgate I recommend the sushi joint or Yard House.
always a good selection of clothing.  a great place to people watch too LOL
Good, cheap food, full bar with top shelf stuff, and both inexpensive domestics and great German beer. It's a great place to hand with the old decor, pool tables, and darts. Been going there since 1988.
Technically this place has bagels, but they aren't great and they only have one type of cream cheese-plain! Eww!  A little variety, please! The workers weren't overly friendly, will never return.
Dirty, dirty bathrooms.  If this is what your bathrooms look like I'd hate to see what the deli area looks like, or wherever else you store food products.  Posting pics of the bathroom and the hilarious sign regarding the cleanliness of bathrooms.
Excellent  restaurant  , food made to near perfection. Friendly staff. Accommodating to handicap individuals.  The one in Huntersville NC.  Have not tried the other.
Great chicken kabobs the red sweet chili sauce is tasty!
Whenever I visit Scottsdale this is where I go. Great burgers and the best wings ever. Hoping to be back in June. Great atmosphere and service and prices are not bad. Cold beer as well which is always a Plus in Arizona.
Amazing location! The towers are new, nice, and luxurious. Staff is a Hilton trained staff- very professional and accommodating. Rooms have beautiful views down the boulevard.
Service was atrocious.  I was ignored, forgotten, and brushed off, in that order.  The pho was great, but I will not return.
This is a good, easy going burger place, very friendly, good food..... a good alternative to just go and relax, and eat yummy burgers with out the high price.
Stopped in for the $5 burrito special, not the cleanest environment but the staff was friendly and the food was good. Definitely good for a cheap lunch.
Classy looking place. It's a large club with a nice wrap-around patio. Bartenders were fast. The price range is on the higher end of having a fun night on the town. Could definitely go other places to get more for your money. This place seemed more about atmosphere and bottle service.
Great service and food. Better than Hooters! As a local it's a great view of the strip. Parking is easier if you go straight to the top floor.
Cool atmosphere over priced to the max .....many neighboring places with a better vibe and better prices . Not recommended
It is sort of a failsauce art museum.\n\nHowever the Bellagio itself is an incredible work of art.
Spicy Chicken and Teriyaki beef bowls are the staple to get here. Fresh and made to order meals well worth the price.
Nice place for casual dining with friends. Good service. A little bit on the expensive side for what you get, but overall a nice place with a nice ambiance.
Horrible food! I had the prime rib and it was overcooked and dry and I had the baked potato and it was hard! I could barely eat it. My wife had the country fried chicken which is a Vegas special and she said it was really chewy and gross. Never going there again. :(
Food was good, but service was bad! No attention at all. I won't be back to eat at restrant, but will be back to take their food out.
horrible service, tight ambience, and the waiters were pressuring us to hurry. not going back
Kelly was fantastic. I was pressed for time and he took the initiative to make it work. Thanks!
The best new/used music store in Phoenix period!
Rudest bartender I've ever had
They have some pretty cool, unique watches for under $50.  I've bought two watches from this store since living in Las Vegas, and both have gotten some positive comments from people that have seen them.  In fact, it may almost be time to add another Fossil watch to my collection!
Had a great time with friends here a couple months ago.  I'm headed back to vegas in 2 weeks. If we run out of ideas for things to do we'll be sure to hit this place up again.
French OnionSoup was killer & we will come back. Enjoyed the rest of the meal & thought it was fairly priced.
Decent food for a decent price. I tried the fish tacos and the honey croissants. Pretty good. Service was friendly.
Decent beer selection and right outside the stadium. Servers are not very knowledgeable on the beers that they offer. Had nachos and they were just okay; nothing spectacular though. Nice location to watch the game if you didn't get tickets. Would go back.
Ehhh. Ordered chocolate chip pancakes. I got pancakes with chocolate chips sprinkled on (not melted)  \nAnd we made a new friend that crawled across the table smh. Dissapointed me today waffle house
Yummy food and friendly wait staff. I've never had to wait for a table even during brunch on the weekends. :)
Best sushi in town, hands down! Sit at the bar for a very friendly & interactive experience. Or choose a table for a quiet dinner. Whatever you order will be amazing. You can't go wrong here!
Usually this is great. Recently I have been standing at a stop, and the asshole driving honks and points back to the last stop, as if the Orbit schedule I am standing at does not indicate I am at a stop. This getting to be bullshit. For info purposes, I was passed up by a Mars, this time.
Just another Starbucks... take it as you may!
What a great little bar, this will be another Arcadia success story. However, I don't like having to leave my drink inside just to go for a smoke. A tiny patio in the back with a table or two for drinks would be fine.
Took our money and ran!!  He underbid the repair on the coach and then refused to finish the job and fix the coach for which he was already paid!! Hired a \"reputable\" company to finish the job and will report him to BBB.  He is a thief!  Please use someone else!
As far as a Starbucks goes it's pretty standard. The location is great and the building is super cute. The staff is always really friendly and familiar. I never have to wait very long in line either, even on busy weed at mornings and Saturday afternoons! I wish that it was a little bit bigger and had more seating options.
Seriously one of the best grocery stores I've seen.\n\nIf you can find a similar place that serves oysters (the size of your fist) on the sidewalk, has this variety of fresh fish, has a giant talking bear, funny employees, and is overall this cheap - you need to let me know.
I was pleasantly surprised with this buffet. It is not too expensive and the food is varied and delicious. Their tomato bisque was tasty, the prime rib soft and flavorful, the desserts petite and sweet. I would recommend this buffet! My friends enjoyed the shrimp cocktail and crab legs also.
Fantastic views. Fresh air!\n\nTip - you don't necessarily have to go up the trail that's laid out for you. For a faster and more vigorous hike, just go up...
Again...hands down....a 'welcome back' makes my heart sing.  Love this joint!  So nice..and love the ESB! :-)
Ok First time here today, Food was awesome staff was way cool and the lady that processed my credit card was hilarious lil old lady haha this is definitely the closest to NY - NJ Chinese i have had in a while im definitely going back to this place when i want food on the go Thanks China Village
Get there right as they open and it won't be busy, awesome food!
Although its in a run down neighborhood, I found this establishment to be quite nice. I just got a soda, but the staff was very friendly. In fact even the patrons were friendly, one gentleman yielded some seats for us ladies. Also, I noticed that they regularly mopped and cleaned. So both the floors and the tables were immaculate.
Went here because it was recommended by 2 co-workers and we also had a Groupon. We will be back, the food was amazing, the service was excellent, not very busy and service was fast. We will be going back, prices were reasonable even if we didn't have the Groupon.
This place is awesome!!! The theme is really unique and fun! Everything on the menu is unlike anything I've had. I love how the kitchen is all clear glass and the recipes are all original! The rocky road is AMAZING!! ( I ordered two!!)
One of the cheapest places to eat if you're on the strip.  Many choices with the sandwiches and they're open 24/7!  Can't beat that!  Lines can be long because the prices are good and the quality is decent.  Being in Vegas for work for over 3 weeks, you get to know Earl of Sandwich pretty well!
Horrible service!!! Every time I go to this particular location,  the employees are very rude and never get the  order right. Every employee there has a horrible attitude, from the cashier to the people in the kitchen to the guy on drive-thru.
Had the Saganaki, Platos potatoes, & Falafel Gyro was very good and the service was alright. I would go back.
I've only been here twice, I gave it another chance, but the food is just not good. The service is average, but the dishes that I have tried here were very bland and just something you can get from the frozen aisle at the grocery store. Not coming back, to any location.
I had the cajun catfish and fried okra.  The food was hot and fresh.  We ate around noon and there was a steady stream of people that came in as we dined...  It took about 15 minutes to get our food, but we weren't in a hurry.
This place smells like cat piss.  Like 100 cats use it as their litter box.  I don't even understand how a place can smell so much like cat piss.
Saw CAKE there last year.  Nice grass, beautiful venue, great night!
It is way too expensive and they are not very generous when it comes to customer service.  I won't go back...
Hmmm maybe I don't know the drill here in AZ, but this place is debit/cash only???
While the service was wonderful, plan on leaving hungry and poor.  The portion sizes are so small and so very expensive.  After we paid a ridiculously high bill, we went had had sandwiches at Jean Philippe pastry shop in the Aria casino.  Now that was great food.  Left there full and not broke.  The restaurant is just now worth it.
I went for the brunch on long weekend.  Good food.  Plenty of choice.  Decent service.  I thought $35 was bit on the higher side.  I would have given 5 stars if it was $30!\n\nOverall, I would go there again.
This great bakery just opened up before Christmas and I have not tried everything yet, but I keep coming back for more!  Their sandwich bread is great, their cheese breads are amazing, their cinnamon and orange rolls are delicious, and their cookies and other desserts are outstanding!  The staff is extremely friendly!
Over priced dried out sandwiches in a cramped spot with crappy parking.   Go to Angie and Jimmys on Camelback.
Food was very good. The service was fast and friendly. The price is on par with most Mexican restaurants. The restaurant was clean and pleasant.
Drinks where good. Food came out cold. We left and went somewhere else this was a bust..
Had lunch delivered to the office today.  It was a half-hour late.  The meatball sub was decent but squished. The $5 cookie was blackened and burnt.  I'm embarrassed for them.
Saw Avicii on a Friday night and he was awesome.\n\nLoved this place.\nGreat music, great crowd, clean pool, small dance floor.
The food ain't what it used to be here. They've introduced a carvery but only one visit per person.
Do not take your jewelry to this place! They  absolutely ruined the 2 pieces I brought in to be engraved. They used the wrong font, made the lettering uneven, and never even bothered to polish the pieces before engraving them. I was shocked and heartbroken when I picked up my jewelry! Stay away..
Yuck.  Premade ravioli, premade tasteless goopy white sauce, premade tasteless red sauce.    I don't pay money for canned food with no seasoning.  Strings lost me as a customer because when I asked the waitress about it, she said corporate made them use the premade sauces.
Not worth the stop. Factory was hardly running so tour was poor at best. No samples and high prices. Cactus garden so so but not worth stopping in my book.
Vegas baby.....vegas.....\n\nIt's an airport. See all my other airport reviews. They are all about the same...sometimes on time, sometimes delays, sometimes long lines, sometimes not.
Never had a bad time, but only been twice. Definitely a lunch kind of place.
I ordered from here last night and felt like I ruined a meal. Granted, I only had the pad thai, but it was awful. Felt like over salted brown coloured noodle stir-fry. Very disappointing. Maybe other things are great on the menu, but I will never eat here again based on their pad thai.
This mall is huge!  They have tons of shopping options, parking and eateries. I like their location and that they are fully indoors.
Love this airport. It may not be the largest international airport but it sure does have a great selection of restaurants (inside and outside of security) and it is very easy to navigate.
My favorite comfort food along the 95 corridor.  Bulgogi street tacos with kimchi and salsa?  Yes, please!
Had dinner there for my anniversary the other night.  The food was delicious, the service was great, and the portions were generous.\n\nThey are a bit pricey, but they do have Groupons available,
Awesome Guacamole - prompt service - great prices - wonderful ambiance!!!!!!
I was visiting Vegas when my car broke down. I was fortunate to have someone refer me to HI Star auto center. It took them about an hour to fix my car no run around no parts need it. I was blown about with their professionalism and honesty. If you are ever in need of a great mechanic go see them.
Great oysters (given what's available in Montreal in October). Awesome atmosphere. Good wine.
I never say here but have a lot of events for work... always top noch service and such.
this place used to be fun, now all you get us over priced drinks that are watered down and poor service. I definitely won't be back.
Very laid back casual spot. Homey feeling, with only a few dishes per day. Jerk chicken is awesome... very spicy, but you can get the hot sauce on the side if you ask for it. I have also tried the beef stew which was great too. Generous portions for the price. Will keep coming back!
Maybe its new, but it sure is on the slow side?  Maybe I got a bad crew day.  The employees sure were unfriendly and seriously 1 napkin for 3 meals?  1 sauce for 10 nuggets?  I had to keep asking for stuff.  Maybe more fast food places like this will make me not want to eat fast food.
this is one of the nastiest places to eat in PHX. the guac tastes like feet. the margaritas are terrible and they don't have frozen ones. the meat in the burrito tasted like over spiced rubber. the staff was highly lazy.\n\nrun from this place.
Mediocre pho. Marginal service. Automatically adds 18% tip to bill w/o warning. Cash only.  Will never go there again.
Worst place ever!  I don't think they like people of color in there because the bouncers will do their best to come up with excuses not to let them in. I saw it happen in front of me and then it happened to me.
If you find yourself in Vegas with nothing to do and want to see how the locals escape, this is the spot to go. The floor is carpeted, which gives it a very unique vibe.
They are awesome! Had my phone done in an hour! Great price too!
I love this place! I either get the latte macchiato or an Italian soda.  Both are great.  One of the best coffees in town.
Love going to this apple store to shop or just look around, only minor complaint is it is way too crowded.  Apple, but one of the stores next to you, and use it's space to free up a little room.
Made an appointment for 3:30. They completely forgot I was coming but said they could start on my car in ten minutes and be done in an hour. Came back an hour later only to see my car in the same spot. They said it would take another two hours to start work. Completely unhelpful and unapologetic.
I've been to Olive and Ivy a few times now and I've enjoyed the food, service and ambiance each time. I'm a big fan of the beef filet. This place has a great patio and the inside decor is modern and fun.
Was very disappointed with this location. Have been to several others of theirs and this one does not compare. Server was very nice but food was very below par. We ordered the wings but they were very small and bland. Sandwich was extremely small and dry. Tried to order dessert but they were out of bananas.
I'm a New Yorker and it's been hard finding a pizza place that is like home. While it isn't completely NY style pizza it's pretty close.
Nice lunch here.  Soup and salad were good but way overpriced at $19, had a very good sandwich with chicken, bacon, avocado though.
Nice salon! I had an expertly shaped pixie cut from Cole.  Salon is beautiful and staff is friendly. Love my cut!
Had the cobb salad.  It was good.  Good fresh ingredients.  Seems as little pricey.
Edible but certainly not good.  Do people who eat their pizza have no clue what great pizza is?
Always nice visiting a trader joes no matter what state or city you find yourself, nice workers ready to answer questions.\n\nStores are always clean and spacious.\n\nPicked up a Arizona grocery bag for $1, value!\n\nGot a few snacks and crackers for my ride home.
We luv this place! Been coming since it opened!  I  the Pineapple Martini. This place is definitely for adults & the atmosphere is awesome! John u did great!
Yummy brunch location with very decent prices. We just got the basic breakfast with coffee and French toast with cornbeef hash and an egg. \n\nThe service was fast and food was tasty, I love brunch.
We got a white gummy goblet and it was delicious. On the downside is that the goblet looks so huge so four of us split it and it was not enough it had more ice than anything and very overpriced! Loved the waitress tho.
Went for lunch..sat outside nice hot day..few people..food okay..mid way thru meal..asked waitor to refill water for party..nothing...had to complain due to lack of attention..and this was a slow day..wont venture here again
Very good Mediterranean fare. Very flavorful and authentic. A small family run spot that clearly cares about quality. Worth a stop.
We went to cash in a new gift card. The blonde waitress said that its value lowered to $0 over time, but we later found out that was a rumor. This is very sickening, and I can't say I'll ever trust Chili's again.
I love this place. Delicious fish and chips, shepard's pie just like I had in Ireland and fantastic Guinness which is poured properly. I love this place do much I tat my bridal shower was held here. They were so fantastic about it and all my friends love the experience. They were so great about handling our large group.
over rated, over priced and always crowded.
If you can help it, don't use them. \nService is horrible, the product is the same. \nAnd they are expensive.
So this is a Target for ASU students, the store is typically crowded and you can expect to wait in line when you go to check out. The parking is also really bad here. If you can find another target you should go there also they seem to sell out of stuff faster as well because of the heavy traffic.
Pretty nice place. The sushi here were fresh and tasty. Nice presentation. The rolls were good too! I was here 2 days ago upon writing this review and I was with a friend that time. We had a good time here and we were both satisfied with our fill of sushi here.
Wonderful place with great food. The place could use some updating but I still like it.
I have eaten here multiple times and my meal has always been fresh and good tasting. The mountain high mud pie is always great if you have the room for it after dinner!
Informative tour that put some grit behind the glamor of Frank Lloyd Wright.  I needed his innovations to be pointed out to me - I've just taken this Palm Springs style of architecture for granted.  I think HG will now be more receptive to seeing significant architecture in other cities we visit.
Cool place to hang out and drink.. not a ton of seating, and the downstairs is pretty small. Other than that.. the place was crowded, and there was a nice patio area outside. They also have cornhole which is a big plus!!
I think this video sums up my opinion of this restaurant.\n\nhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=df0BXSnBr1Q&feature=related
They consistently succeed at inconsistency.  Sometimes my order is correct, other days it's a surprise.  They have good ice coffee for a reasonable price.
Oh so good burger... Hot the blue burger. And the truffle aioli with the fries? Really?  I could eat it on its own!  Ambience? Loud. Food? Oh yeah! You go Gordon!
You would think a simple order of 4 cheese burgers plain and a large onion ring would be easy but apparently not, after telling the cashier taking the order 3 times they ha to confirm the order 2 more times.\n\nSpend a few extra bucks and hit up smash burger
We come for the meatballs!! Delicious, the sauce is fantastic!  The selection of beers on tap is great & pretty cheap during happy hour. HH is 3-6p M-F & 10-closing daily...awesome!!
Went in kinda early on a Saturday for  lunch.food was good I had a huge grilled chicken sandwich and onion rings.all was good..staff was very polite and cool people.I cant lie them girls in the kilts are.beutifull :-)
Reduced menu as compared to other Rain Forest Cafes. Also more expensive. Long waits and cold food. Id pass on this one.
I love this place. The chicken pasta salad is my favorite along with taziki. The only item they could improve are the pitas.  They are dry. Their name includes it so you would think they would be better. All in all I'll always go back! The atmosphere is great and I always get great service.
It's a Starbucks like every other Starbucks, nothing to see here move along.   Although Starbucks in Paris sells mini dollar sized pancakes and man could I go for one of those.
the tables are packed!   and the louge and club upstairs are fun!
terrible food and over priced. I don't think the kobe beef burger is kobe beef, in and out burger is better and cheaper.  this place is crap
This place has huge portions and great good. Also, the atmosphere is really quaint (read small) and therefore reservation are a must.\n\nLiverpool House (same chef and owner) is also worth trying out!
Best donuts in South Phoenix. It is the one thing that makes working over there totally worth it. The maple bar is fantastic.
Only Two Stars -- simply because this location doens't live up to any of the other Pita Jungle locations we've visited.\n\nThe food is okay but the service is lacking.\n\nCompared to the other PJ locations, the portions are smaller and the food is bland.
Meh, it was ok but a bit expensive for a diner.  The wait staff was a bit aloof.
We were traveling thru Phoenix  looking for some Mexican food  and just happened to see Juliobertos . So we stopped and ordered and were very pleased. I've never had such good Mexican as I had at this place. I just regret that we don't live nearby so we can have it more often. Thanks to the chef!
Suprisingly decent, nothing spectacular but prices were ok and they have hookah on Friday and Saturday. Pretty cute girls that work there and a good place to meetup if you are up north for some reason.
So disappointed in the fact that their prices went up ; AND they took their chips away from the meals !!! 9 dollars for a turkey wrap plus no more chips ! Two thumbs down.
Visiting from canada, the bouncer would not let us in with canadian identification.. not that great of a spot i think. Very racist bouncer.
Went in to buy a reflective ankle strap and they were very helpful. They took the time to explain everything about strap including how they made them using old tubes from the store.
Do not order sushi from here. The rolls are 3km in diameter and the soy sauce is so salty you may dehydrate on the spot. They use chicken fried rice in their sushi  Chow mein is also questionable. Save your money and your taste buds.
The place smells and the restrooms were in awful condition.  The sanitation score is a mere 91.  Just saying....
I wish I could live here. All their rooms are suite styled and are very spacious. The beds are super comfy and I like how the drapes are electric and the lights are controlled by this iPad looking like remote. \nSuper convenient if you plan on going to xs, surrender, and or encore beach!
I have too much fun here. Location is great for avoiding strip traffic and the food court is really convenient. Service at the restaurants is also good and ya gotta love the pool. Staff also is friendly.
Ahmad is amazing ! Go to him if you need anything ! He's so nice and so helpful ! Five stars all the way, soley based on his amazing customer service ! :)
Lesson Learned NOT to stay at this place in June! Next time I will stay at Aria or a newer hotel. Staff was polite....they did their job. Our housekeeper was the friendliest person we came in conact with!!!
A great place to get a haircut.  The lady that cut my hair was very professional and did a great job on my hair.  Everyone there was super nice. They seemed to have a lot of regulars so it must be a good place to go.  It's going to be my new go to hair cutting place.
Amazing view, good services, good food.
Very friendly place. I go for breakfasts and other than the very dry cooked hash browns, the food is good.  Prices very reasonable.
This is the place to go if you are a Steeler fan or love you some hot dogs.  While you can get the standard dog here, there are many other unique and yummy hot dog offerings on the menu.  Kids eat free with the purchase of an adult meal, which just makes me a bigger fan of this place.
Food was quite good. Burnt ends and Smoked Mac n cheese where outstanding Service was not great but I would return
I was impressed I was contacted by the owner about my dining experience. I was honest and told him it must have just been a bad day for the meat. Somewhat surprised he did not as much as offer me and appetizer if I came back.... But that's the game of business!
This is one of the good Nello's!  Good service and usually packed with local Mesa and Chandler townie families, baby chairs included.  They serve Grolsch in the bottle which is rare.  Always decent and never quiet.  We love it for eating in or take out.
Food is decent but not great service is good and its in a nice spot to eat if you sit by the window but i wont go here if im looking for a premium steak.
Awesome park! They have a fantastic splash pad/playground for kids in the summer time and it is conveniently located near the Boys & Girls Club. They also have volleyball for the adults, as well as basketball, and extensive jogging trails.
My boyfriend and I frequent this place.  We always order the brisket.  However the last time there was a hair in his food.  We did not complain. We still came back a time after that and everything was fine.  I think now I would chose a different Korean BBQ over this one.
Ask for Gary. He will lead you down the path of perfection.  And order from the cask cocktails menu.  Their take on a Negroni is superb.
I love eating at The Palm. The food and service are always amazing. The Chicken Parmesan, lobster bisque and creamed spinach are amazing! The business lunch special is the best deal you can get. A full 3 course meal for $25.95 you can't beat that!
3 fingers combo with Texas toast- hot off the fryer and tasted great\nSandwich with fries- fresh and tasted great\nSweet tea- great\nCrew- efficient and friendly
I stopped in looking for a table for just myself. They wouldn't seat just me at a table, and their sushi bar was reserved.
Great service. Amazing menu. Had the Kung Pao veggie chicken and veggie duck with a pineapple glaze and both were to die for. My new favorite stop.
There was a bug in my yogurt!! Theh took a look at it and sure enough there was a little critter. They were nice enough to let me get a new one after that. Beware of the fruits!
Decent American food and typical beer/alcohol selections. The happy hour prices seemed good. Typical sports bar. The seating is kind of strange, but there is patio seating (when it's not sizzling outside) and bar seating. There are a couple pool tables and table shuffle board. It's ok.
The service was excellent.  It was very busy so we opted to sit outside. It's byob so that was disappointing. The food was ok. It was certainly edible and the presentation was nice. It just wasn't awesome.
Excellent food and good service.  Finally glad to find a nearby quality restaurant at reasonable prices.  I had the seafood with linguini and others had the chicken curry.  Recommend these items highly.  We'll add this place to one of our regular spots.
Had the arugula salad, short rib pirogues and kielbasa board. Salad was great. Pirogues were awesome. Kielbasa was outstanding.\n\nI highly recommend the above.
So over priced it's not even funny.
This place is awesome. Everyone there are so friendly. The way they present their food to us are beautifully done and delicious!
Have stood here waiting over 30 min with 2 people ahead of me Line has NOT moved. Employees could care less. Understaffed....This is ridiculous. ..never coming back to this location.
In 18 years of sushi eating Ra is 1 of 2 places I have ever sent something back.  Review complete.
This place is totally hit and miss.  There are times when you don't even want to come back to this place because the service was so bad. However, the \"majority\" of the time they have pretty good food. You can never go wrong with their chicken wings, steak sandwich or bow-tie chicken Alfredo.
Great lunch special. Yummy pizza and really good service. a friend ordered the wings and raved about them. Will definitely be back.
Not awful - just not good either.  \n\nStaff was a plus.  I've almost never had a bad experience w/ Hilton staff.  The downside to this stay were thin walls, loud doors and only one elevator working in the main tower section.
Awesome & professional salon! Great choice of hair products including Paul Mitchell, Pravana, Redkin & many more. Their standards are very high with students knowledge & performance before working on clients.
Good as any chipotle I've been to.  I always get the burrito bowl, black beans, chicken, corn salsa, hot red salsa, guacamole (only sometimes) and lots of lettuce.  Mmm Mmm good!  I love it.
OK, topless pool and top-shelf ladies of the night... Hit the gym and go to the Wynn.
Coming and going\nFeels like a fallout shelter\nAvoid between class
Good food. Nice service, decent price for the strip. Way less busy than other nearby similar Mexican restaurants probably because it's indoors only but good break from the heat! Great 10$ lunch special (15 with a margarita)
I really enjoyed it all around.  We had a great Bloody Mary and bourbon and brew followed by awesome queso and chips and Philly cheesesteak Texas style.  Delicious!
I ordered here for the first time in a few years, my kids wanted meatball subs, I thought they were being dramatic with the \"hard meatballs\" holy cow I couldn't bite into them. Like rocks! We were told they were made that day. I'll try it again in a few years...
The food was oddly bland, and the servers took forever to take our order (i think the person i went with never even got her drink).
Very bad,  waitress!\n\nBad service, long wait time.  Crazy prizes. Specials not on holidays or weekend is what she told us, But it was a Wednesday (no holiday)....
We have gone to Laredo's many times over the years. On our trip there last Wednesday night my son ordered the Rio Bravo. He was sick with food poisoning later that night and into the next day.
The best! I've lived all over! I always have people coming up to me and asking, \"Where do you get your hair cut?\" Everyone there does a great job!
3.5 actually.  Not bad, but not the best I've tasted in my life.  I wish there was less cheese in the Montangu.
Everyone from the front checkin to walking out the door has been great. They are courteous and helpful and take the time help you understand the doctors instruction to your follow up appointment.
Ordered pollo fundido.. it was unedible.  Cut into the burrito and water drained out leaving the burro in a puddle.  Chicken appeared canned.  Hot sauce is good.  Posting a pic to show how the chicken looks.
First we find a wad of hair in a sandwich. Then i almost choke on a metal shard in my meatball  sub. Now the messed up our sandwich and when we asked them to fix it the lady there starts complaining to another customer about me for wanting my sandwich correct.\n\nThis place is just awful.
One of the best in overall selection that I've ever experienced.
I was contacted by the manager on the same day with an apology and an offer for a free meal the next time I stopped in. Unfortunately, I was sick enough that I can't picture myself returning anytime soon. I do really appreciate the gesture made by management and hope they can work things out in the kitchen.
Great experience. I called and they came out the next day. They installed a ceiling fan, installed a new kitchen faucet, and fixed a running toilet.  They did great work at a great price. Would absolutely call them again.
I would say with out a doubt this is the worst Mexican food I have ever had my family went there and the food was cold and hard
Located in old town Las Vegas...\n\nEverything is old, yet cheap here.\n\nDon't like how you must have a reservation here in order to park free in their parking lot.
Booooo
Really good food... we've not long ago just spent a couple of months in SE Asia - the food here is genuine. \nFriendly staff.
Do you remember how Pancho's used to taste? Keep that memory and don't go again.
This place sucks! Not only are we staying here, we've thrown hundreds in these stupid machines and not one waitress has come by to take our order. Will not be coming here again. I've been to other casinos where they serve drinks and don't think twice about it.. This place sucks balls.. JA
Got seated right away, sat for 15 minutes and no one came to even take a drink order or to even say ill be right with you... I got up and left. The worst.
I ordered the teriyaki bowl and it was great food for the price.  Quite impressed by the variety of options on the menu. Not sure if this location was the one I tried.
I found this resatuarant to be expensive according to their portions. I had the Lasagna it was awful it tasted more like ravioli, my husband had the spaghetti and meaballs they were not good, no taste. I will never go back there again.  we left there hungry, they are very cheap with their portions.
Excellent in so many ways. The atmosphere is really great, so chill.  The food is basic comfort food . You just can't go wrong w/whatever you order.  Service is really great but you can't be in a hurry. Relax, it's all good!
The pool is a pool. There are 2 pools. The common pool is shallow. There are read you can place your $8 beer and $4 water on. If there is a pool party pay the extra $10-$20 to be per person. \nSometimes there are not enough chairs if there is a pool party.
Solid Chinese food. The reason I five star is because of the prices. Can't find these prices anywhere else for quality of food. Try it out. Good comfort Chinese food.
what happened to the lions?!
Very nice hotel. Didn't have a lot of time to really enjoy the amenities, but the room was excellent, clean, comfortable. I would definitely stay there again and hopefully have more time to explore a little more.
Came here for my first time for friday night dinner and waited for 10mins. for a host. Didn't get service even though the place was empty. We left. Get it together, it's a Friday.
Islands \"fine\" burgers.... Should drop the \"fine\" in their name. This is simply another version of Chilis or AppleBee's. Frozen burgers, frozen fries, frozen veg. - overall pretty blah :-(
The hot Chicago roast beef with onions and peppers is the best west of Chicago!  A great place for lunch and deli meats and cheeses!!!
This is a good solid hobby store. Their stuff is not as complete as HobbyTown USA right across the street but is nonetheless worth a visit if you are in town.
It is CLOSED!!!  We loved the place.  It was the only sandwich shop in North Las Vegas that offered such freshly made sandwiches.  The people were so friendly.  SAD!!!!
I really like this place. I like their pitza, but I usually go with the falafel salad.
Been here a few times when I'm in town. Last time was during Phoenix Pride (I wasn't aware that pride was going on) The place was packed and lots of friendly people. If you like bears, then pay this place a visit on a Saturday..
Found a stink bug in my pho (soup). They didn't charge me for it but charged me for the rest of the meal. I will never eat here again and would discourage anyone from doing so.
Eh, Alfredo is better at Olive Garden and spaghetti was bland BUT calamari and stuffed mushrooms are amazing! Love they take you to your seat through the kitchen. I'd recommend appetizers and Italian soda :) servers are great, friendly atmosphere
I just go to plaza fiesta for the food court.  I've been three times and there are some good places.  My favorite so far is the greek place.  It usually has good specials and the gyros and greek salad there are great!  Good for lunch!
If you need any other reason to go here, besides the excellent selection and prices, I would have to recommend it be to visit with Jim. He's a class act, even if he is a Green Bay Packer fan.
When I am in town, this is a must have. Smother me in Cuban black beans and call me Jeff Foxworthy, cause I am getting redneck with it. But seriously, cuban black beans, jerk fried rice, and diablo chicken is all you need to say. Skip the fancy ordering.
The burgers were delicious! And reasonable. The place somehow doesn't seem to have grown into itself yet so the overall experience was lackluster.
Had some stuff needed to be fixed. I went back to Invision and they did the usual great job. Told me everything up front and worked together with my insurance. What a great place.
It was just ok. \n\nGluten free pancakes were good but a little sweet. The Popeye omelette was just ok also. \n\nCute inside and the service was good.
I thought my burger was dry.  Tasty sweet potato fries.  Good atmosphere and fun music.
They got $1.49 breakfast. Eggs, sausage, hash browns and toast. Can't beat that. The only bad thing..the cigarette smoke.
Love this place usually, but this is hands down the slowest and most sub-par service I've ever had at one of these. The majority of people in line when I first got here left before ordering because it was so slow
Want cheap loose slots come here to Binions. And take a picture with 1 milion dollars cool., I won here and love the old school non trendy atmoshphere. I have a new place to gamble. BINIONS
So goddamn good.\n\nIts the complete opposite of Teen Wolf 2, but in your mouth.
Amazing food! I had the bacon and mac burger...sounds like it'd be overwhelming but the flavors were amazing! I only ate half but finished the other half later and it still was amazing. I highly recommend!
If you live in Phoenix, and own a Volkswagen or Audi, these are the only people who should be working on it.  Fair and reasonable prices, thorough explanations of service, and competent technicians.  All mechanics should be this good.
This place is one giant meh, especially so when put up against all the actual *good* Mexican places in the valley.   \n\nThis place is to Mexican food what Olive Garden is to Italian food.
The food at Brick is definitely decent. No complaints there. But for the price I would definitely go elsewhere. There's nothing extraordinary about their pizza. There's really no reason to pay extra for it.
Totally disappointing. We have ordered pizza from here before and they are usually quick and deliver hot food.....tonight was different. Our food was cold and disgusting. What a disappointment! Im sitting here mad and hungry. Not a good way to spend a sat night.
I love Metta Yoga.  The instructors are so warm and helpful, and the other students too are not afraid to laugh and also help me \"get\" a pose.  Awesome vibes to this place.  I bought a package deal so I could come again after my first free class.
Firehouse subs are always good.  Excellent good service at this location.
I was impressed at the variety of foods available on the buffet. The Sushi was delicious. \nThe plating on the salads was beautiful. Service was great.\nThe downside is the price- I thought it was expensive for a buffet.
I went for the Sunday Champagne Brunch and enjoyed this brunch very much.  The food was very well prepared and the fresh juice bar set this buffet above the rest.  Definitely worth the price.
New Living Pools is ran in a very honest and highly efficient way!  Chris is one of the best in the business and knows what he is doing when it comes to pools.  I highly recommend New Living Pools and guarantee you will not be disappointed!
I had the inca sandwich, the djaj and the vege and it was amazing!!! This place is too die for. I live 15-20 mins away and drive all the way there to just have a sandwich, it's that good!!! Try it out, it's a must.
so i lived in Italy and this is the closest that i can find. All my friends who fly in have to go here 1st. Love the pizza here and everything else.\n\nonly down point would be no frozen liter mugs of beer!! LOL
Hesitate to say what a great barber she is because I don't want to share this hidden gem. But Sherry has earned the 5 Star rating.
This place has SO many redundancies, it's no wonder it costs so much. Also, their employees should either get a job they enjoy or go through some personality workshops. If I had a choice, I would go elsewhere.
Great quality groceries!!! Really nice fruit and veggies and meat and everything
Understaffed, poor food and terrible service. Go somewhere else as this place is just a waste of time. We were looking for some smoked meat and thought this would be the place but it looked bad so we ordered pizza. Quite possibly the worse pizza I've ever had.
The name of this place does not lie, it truly is the #1 boba place in town.
If you want super slow service, Luke warm food, forgetful waitress, bugs in your water....you've found your restaurant!
Celebrated my wife's birthday here before going to the Wynonna concert in Scottsdale.  Both were 5 star.  We'll return to Liberty soon, great place to bring out of town guests,too !
a little pricey, but their chili is the best in the city.  Lunch specials are always a welcome treat as well.\n\nTry to make it here at least once in a while.
Service was excellent, food was excellent, atmosphere was comfortable.  I enjoyed eating at Serrano's.  The bean dip an salsa with their chips was excellent!  I had a 2 item combo with a tamale and enchilada.  Very tasty.
Food is great food is authentic and the service is nice. Nothing wrong at all. My fav place. I'm gonna try the fuego pupusas today
Wow this place totally rocks. For $11.00 I feel like I am stealing from them.
Skip it
What can I say.... it's chicken done right! Try the Cane's sauce, it's great! I am officially a Caniac!
I've been here coupla times in the past week or so.  It's a nice clean store, nothing special, pretty helpful clerks, good selection, average prices.  There is a nice big parking lot so you can always park close.
Usually I saty at the Mirage because my casino host is there.  Great service once again with VIP service.  The venue is kind of small and the dance floor is crowded as always.   Pretty hard to mingle with women because the constant overflow of people moves you away.  The Private tables are cramped in and its hard to feel comfortable.
The tacos were good and interesting combos, but not a lot of food, and the service was pretty lousy (slow and indifferent) even on a slow night.
I think Fresh & easy should go to Trader Joes and learn how to set up a little market. They have very little to offer and use their space terribly. No wonder they are closing so many stores. Besides from there sales they are also overpriced, but the employees are very nice.
Love it!  Lots of fun!
This place is gross. The food is not good at all.\n\nMy husband and I were in search for good Mexican food (and still are) good thing we only ordered one burrito I couldn't even choke it down
Both Market Bistro locations are now out of business.
This was an amazing meal! We started out with the green bean fries and wasabe sauce, then we both did the build your own burger. The veggie burger is the best I've ever had.  He had the Kobe beef and he loved it.
Family-Friendly. Affordable prices. Lots of patrons. But food was pretty average.
Sometimes you get really lucky trying that little hole in the wall place.  My pad Thai is delicious, and Andy has the General Tso 's chicken.  Yummy.
Love their fried pickles, they are my fav. \nCustomer Service is great there too!
Place parfaite pour une pinte de Cheval Blanc avec du Wi-Fi Gratuit. La bouffe est pas si mal en plus. Prix tr\u00e8s abordable et en plein milieu de St-Laurent.
S\nHad sooo much fun here, I like it better than the strip. Light show and bands playing all night.
Server we had seemed overwhelmed. Waited 15 minutes for our waiter to greet and take our order. The menu could be more detailed and not figuring out what the hell it is if you don't read spanish. The food itself was ok, but I would go to on the border instead.
It's been over 4 weeks and the \"we owe\" which they said would be taken care of has yet to be done or settled with me. They are very unprofessional and more importantly dis honest. I plan on filing a claim with the better business bureau next. STAY AWAY!!!
Food presentation was great and the chips and salsa was really yummy. Actual meal was okay. I had the El Pastor tacos and husband had enchiladas. Not bad not great. Our waiter was just okay too. Won't go back
Wonderful beautiful and reasonable prices. An avid thrift shop explorer I enjoyed the fact that there is lots to see in such a small space and the prices were not over the moon.
Unfortunately, only half my clothes were ready by the date they said would be ready. I would have been fine picking my stuff up anytime later. I was looking for a dependable place and thought i would try pats even though it was slightly out of my way. Unfortunately, i don't think I'll come back here.
Nice interior, friendly service and cheap. Unfortunately, the fish quality is less than desirable. I actually enjoyed the korean noodles and the beef skewer but you can only order one beef skewer for AYCE. Stingy.
It is a shame to called this place Vietnamese food. Rice is not cooked properly, meat is too dried, Pho is too sweet. Dont expect authenticfood here. However, the customer service was friendly tho. I'd give a star for that.
I really loved this place. I'm afraid it will probably offend some Pittsburgh residents as the portions are rather small relative to the prices. However, really really good sushi is expensive. This is some of the best sashimi I've had in Pittsburgh.
A huge improvement over the prior restaurant.  Really nicely spiced dishes.  Catfish nuggets. My new favorite Indian buffet in Pittsburgh.
I know this for a against Yelp code, but they offer 2 for 1 drink special w/ FourSquare check in.\n\nSoCo Raspberry Lemonade = yummmo. ya its girly, but so what. tasted good and got me buzzed =P
I was very disappointed in this buffet. There was no dish that was that good. A lot of bland and flavorless options. Spend the extra few dollars and go to Green Valley Ranch.
I've been a few times, really good food and prices are good. The deli sandwich is very good, however dishes like the fish and chips are lacking a bit of flavour. However it's worth trying.
We love everything about il bosco..the food is first rate, and delicious . Not too pricey. The owner is terrific..friendly and accommodating. Our go to pizza choice!
SpaMassage for you is great! I recieved a wonderful massage for a great price! I have already scheduled 2 more visits since my first time. \n\nThey are also very helpful and flexible with scheduling.
Its a CVS... you've been to 'em before... this one is not different. I am not a big fan of this overpriced convenience store that happens to sell drugs. Everything is so expensive... it kills me to shop here.
i love chaser's...always have always will.  good drinks, reasonably priced, awesome staff & great live music.  pool tables & dart boards available & usually not too long of a wait to get on either. overall a nice dive place in south scottsdale to go hang out or listen to some bands.
They are terrible with special needs children. They believe in only one way to teach children how to swim and do not make accommodations for a child who needs something different. Very unhappy with what I saw and experienced.
Great view of the strip at night. You could pay extra for an all you can drink bar furbished compartment. It took 30 minutes to complete the ride. You will be placed on the ride with others. The walk leading up to the high roller was a nice break from the strip.
Overpriced, very slow service, food was decent.
I recently read that Vox has closed.
Low quality ingredients.
Such a fast, amazing quality food for anyone's type! I love the rice bowls they have. This place reminds me a lot of a mixture of costa vida and chipotle meshed into one good restaurant! The meat was tender as the veggies were perfect. Good place for a quick lunch!
its nice place. i love their chicken biryani.
Door staff was the rudest I have ever encountered! Very pretentious! Never going back!
This restaurant is closed and has not been here for 3 months!  I just bought a groupon 5 days ago and was going to meet a friend there and what a mess!  \nREPEAT- even though their website is still up which doesn't make any sense, they are no longer in business! ;(
Best meal ever!! The corn risotto REALLY stood out. Seriously delicious meal...worth every penny!!
Great food, but kinda steep on pricing. ($1/inch on subs.) Got 1 wrap and 2 regular sized subs for $22!
Good pizza  & good service, I do the delivery thing here and so far, so good.
Food is meh, especially compared to stars like Culinary Dropout (this may be the weak link the Fox chain). Plentiful outdoor seating is nice, but this meal left something to be desired.
The coolest part about this hotel (besides the roller coaster) are the old NY places. I loved walking through this hotel and seeing Nathan's Hot Dogs, Coney Island, and NY Pizza. Cool.
This place is great you must try the sweet pork it is great I went here the last two days in a row and loved it Tuesday was taco Tuesday and tacos are only 2 dollars and wed I got the tostada with pork it can with a drink for free
I ordered a noodle bowl and some breaded shrimp. The bowl was small and barely had noodles. The breaded shrimp was dry, hard, and tasteless. This place was a waste of money and I left hungry. The food is better next door at the 808 sushi place or at Hawaiian Flavor.
Best Steaks in Pittsburgh!!! I come here a lot for special occasions.  It is a pricy place but it is worth every penny. I had a New York Strip and it was really tender and juicy.  Definitely one of my favorite restaurants.  The service is excellent also.
I really HATE paying $30 for horrible food! This place sucks eat here at own risk.
My goodness my poor people don't come here I got a tiny little roll for 17+ dollars and I'm still starving!!!!
Meh! Underwhelmed. Comparing with other soul food samplings I've had. Chicken was dry, mac-n-cheese sat under the heating lamps too long and the BBQ chicken included all parts of the chicken vs. just meat.
A whole lot of meh. This store is in a horrible location and the store hasn't received the corporate refresh yet like the store down the road. Beyond that it's a dang Home Depot
Yum fresh donuts!  Love this place, don't love that it's right down the street from us.  This could be dangerous!
A family favorite. My family of four have been to the Daisy several times. It has become the go to stop that we all love. We feel right at home and get good food and service.
This place is great and the food is great I have been coming here for 6 years and everyone is always friendly.
They serve really large portions. The service is amazing, the waitress was very attentive. We had the mix grill for four, hummus, and kibbe and there was so much food we had to take some home. I highly recommend this amazing restaurant. On the weekends they have salsa dancing.
Security here is an absolute joke. Pushing innocent bystanders into the \"pit\" when their doing nothing but standing still. Isn't security supposed to protect not cause harm to their attendants? Would rate lower than 1 star if possible.
Just OK. Not worth $175 per seat. Go see Ka instead. The show is about a bunch of people diving into the water....no storyline.
DON'T GAMBLE ON THE SLOTS HERE THEY WILL BLEED YOU DRY VERY QUICKLY. the hotel is good and the price is good but nothing special here. will stay at another hotel next time.
Yummy food great prices!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Wish the location was bigger so could go as a group. Limited seating but fast service.
I love the fresh bread smell (and taste) and their sandwiches are awesome. I'm not too crazy about a cash only place though. They have an ATM machine.
One of the finest restaurants in the Valley. Top quality ingredients in a wonderful setting. Worth the drive from anywhere. We like going for brunch on Sunday - you get bottomless champagne drinks included and food is top notch. Foodie be happy! =) Enjoy!
Love it, one of our favourite dinner spots and group get together dinner picks , heading there tonight... Fresh and friendly...
I had a hot turkey sandwich. It was very good and the roll was nice and fresh. The service was not at all what I was expecting. But the whole Caesars complex was a downer.
This store NEVER have any cakepops!! Always run out of pastries. Step up your pastry game, cheyenne starbucks!!!!!
Bang for the buck value is pretty good for being on the strip. Cheap rooms and ancient decor. No fluff. It's a giant motel.
They dragged me on stage and made me shake it with some other guy from the audience! Ahhhh! The actors were hilarious and total dynamic of the cast was really good. I was impressed by the two girls in the fishbowl. I'd definitely see the show again.
Service is slooooow. Pricey for a salad.
A great atmosphere...\nA really good selection...\nHorrible service.
I really like el pollo loco but some things not right at this location. The last 2 times I've been, the chicken looks like it came from a small bird then cooked and left under a heat lamp for a few hours. I really hope not all locations have gone to this meat.
Nice little cozy place with friendly staff. Wide sushi selection.
Talk about fast and friendly service! The Name speaks for itself! You get in, they get u out on the quickness! They have a great selection of coffee drinks and beans. Haven't tried the pastries but it did look appetizing! Our barista was awesome. I'll be coming back real soon.
Absolutely horrible food and experience. Weak drinks, over salted everything, rubbery meat, slow service. If you are in desperate need of an alcoholic drink, then buy it here.  But, go to Burger King next door if you're hungry.
Sonic is great. Great beverages and treats. This particular location is good. I have never had any issues with them.
Great place to eat and everything is fantastic. I've been coming here for years and still make it over here two or three times a week.
Love their crepes here. Although,  I havent tried any of the savory ones.. but my favorite is the banana and Nutella (: price is good & the owners and workers are always so nice
it was whatevers.
Oh gosh... The wife had a cesar salad and can we get some romaine hearts that aren't ready for the trash? The place smelled like vomit and there is a reason we haven't been back in almost a year since before this visit. I'm done, time to clean up the place!
A little divey?  This place is a lot divey.  But that's its charm.  Decent sized room to see bands who nobody's ever heard of... yet.  Cool bartenders.  Video poker.  I think they have food, too.  I'll definitely be back.
This place is a dump. The movie theaters are always dirty, the bathrooms are always a mess, and the food is over priced. But at least the movie ticket prices are cheap with coupons.
I haven't eaten here...only came for a Friday night out on two separate occasions. Great live music and reasonable priced drinks. Love it here!
Disappointed..polish already peeling and it's only been a couple of days :(
Everyone I've talked to about Mingos has great things to say so I decided to try it out for myself. The service was great, loved the atmosphere and the food was really good. I had the Kanye and the Grilled Shrimp.  I'm looking forward to going back and trying some of the other entrees!
Apart from the really awesome Middle Eastern section (which makes sense since Planet Hollywood used to be the Aladdin hotel a million years ago), it's not worth the price you pay.
This is one of the older libraries in town so its small disorganized and lacking any landscaping. Its right near the college and by the 99 cent store. They have lots of events and movies held here but it is really small.
Food is ok. Portion is too small for the price!
Love this place. Always fresh best spring rolls in town I highly recommend fast service family friendly employees.
Get there early because when they run out they are done for the day.  Brisket was good as well as the turkey.  Real Texas style BBQ.  Sauces on the table are good but not really needed.  Sides were plentiful. We probably had a 25 minute wait on Saturday which wasnt too bad.
Zero stars. Can you possibly get any more shameless than to have workers in the lobby shaking your patrons down with condominium sales pitches while they are on their way to and from their rooms?!
It's ok. Nothing special. I expected better quality from a Las Vegas hotel buffet. \nThey do have a lot to choose from and a giant variety,
We had an ant issue and called APS after calling two other Pest Control companies.  One company never answered their number and the other never showed for the scheduled appointment.  APS came, APS sprayed the house and the next day the ants are gone.
I don't like this place. Was here on New Year's Eve after several drinks and still did not think it was cool. The place is a mess. Overcrowded with the wrong type of crowd. It's just not a place I ever want to be and would never go on my own free will ever again.
Some chefs play it safe, but others use their creativity and great flavors to create great food. Great low key yet sophisticated atmosphere and dishes. Try the bone marrow, or the pork belly. Clayton is a fantastic host. Kudos.
Absolutely delicious and always fresh. I go here a couple times a week for lunch, since my office is just around the corner. Always friendly and attentive service.
Very nice girl who did my hair.  Didn't love the styling on my hair.  Had some facials done in the past that were excellent!  Down side is that their estheticians are never available after work or on weekends...I work corporate hours.
OK place,  was overpriced and small portions,  not much more to say
A M A Z I N G ! \nFood was great! Service was stellar! The view of freemont st left nothing more to ask for!
Seriously, hands down one of the best places to eat in Vegas. GREAT price and AMAZING food. Only downside, it is so popular the wait time was a little long (but still acceptable given the outcome). Would definetly recommend and go there anytime!
Not much taste in their food. Steak tasted like in was soaking in water, queso dip tasted like paper. Had the steak quesadilla, tortilla had the most flavor of anything.
Ack! Bad service and skanky, ditzy girls already get a 3 star deduction from me. The food isn't bad though, and they have many beers on tap. I wouldn't come here again though due to the service and the rowdy, sleazy atmosphere.
This place is always delicious with great prices. I even came here during mothers day I believe and still had great service. Always my family's go to steak place.
I have always loved their burgers, maybe it is their fresh ingredients they use or just the taste of the burger compared to other fast food places.
Awesome.   The bread of the burger is fantastic.  The sweet potato fries are fresh. And the Hunts ketchup is better than heinz.   Plus hunts steam peel their tomatoes instead of chemical peel them!
Arrived and waited for 10 minutes before I grabbed a menu and asked an employee if the guests were supposed to seat themselves.. He responded \"You can\" and walked by with out furthering assisting me.
I struggle with J in the B.   It seems to all run together and in taste.  Saying all that .......I did enjoy a recent breakfast sandwich.
This is now the third time I have come here and they have forgot something in my order.
Lol five minute wait For chicken wtf...
The best coffee shop in old port and downtown area. If you don't have time to go to cafe Olympico, try this. \n\nGets very crowded at lunch time and has very weird business hours so check before coming. Interesting spot for a flash date or just coffee and croissants in the morning.
It was fun for the first 30 minutes, then it became a drag.  would be good for a 60-minute show.
The $9.95 prime rib dinner really was delicious. One of the 6 of us got the NY Strip and wasn't impressed. They also had a $2 beer special. Cheesecake was pretty good.
Jai command\u00e9 des frites, et on m'a servit de l'huile recouvert de frites. On a apparement pas le temps de les essorer. L'endroit est ordinaire. Je deconseille la bouffe.
The food comes in large proportions, BBQ is so tender and even the southern fries chicken is juicy. Made the mistake of thinking it was boneless chicken breasts but it was delicious.
This restaurant is amazing! The servers are prompt, courteous, and efficient. I was incredibly impressed. This place might have the best value for your dollar in tempe. The bartenders are also awesome. Brandon was exceptional and very personable.
Great hotel that's non-casino, quiet and non-smoking. Easy to get to one block off the strip and Sahara. Rooms were nice and well appointed. Fridge and sink good for storing food and drinks. Lots of parking available.
chicken wings
I had only been to the poolside before, but went to the club for the first time! The bouncers were actually friendly, making sure there was enough space to walk around. The sound system here is amazing! Fun to see some great DJs! \n\nTwo floors to the nightclub - the one upstairs is a lot larger!
Great food decent pricing...\n you have to kind of know it isnt going to taste like fast food but \nif you are in the mood for something alternative its cool!\nOver all these guys are great!!!
Came here to cool off from the 104 Vegas heat and ordered an iced latte. Pretty terrible espresso but they offered me a refund and the ice blended drink was good. Wouldn't come back but I was happy that they gave me a refund even though they had to call upper management to do so.
I had very high expectations and just did not see what all the talk was about. It was okay but I have had much better. Prices are kinda up there too!
It's a self serve yogurt shop. It's ok but nothing to rave about. You could probably get better service & Thrifty ice cream from Water & Ice up the street.
If you prefer a \"hip\" atmosphere to good food, you might like this place
Definitely a nice place to go for ambiance if not food. BBQ places to me are pretty much all the same when it comes to food, as I really can't tell the difference between a $10 and $30 steak. Sometimes I even eat them -gasp- medium well. Scenery's great.
amazing!
Show was fantastic..so was the theatre.
Thanks for spamming my phone with text messages. There's better ways to advertise your restaurant.
Atmosphere, very nice. Great Sunday brunch! Swedish meatballs and chocolate waffles were my favorite.
The manager would not even show him self. Do not eat there the steak is hard and over priced.
It's Starbucks, you know what you are getting. Friendly staff, decent muffins and a pretty good flat white at a decent price. What A-ok was made for!
Every time I go, I eat the same thing: Egg White Veggie Omelet, its delicious! It is cold when the door opens I agree with the previous post, but dont you expect that when you are in a small place in Pittsburgh? I additionally love that they open late hours on weekends... yum!
Your average Chinese buffet. Every meat on the buffet was high in sugar. But they had a very good vegetable selection for my vegan wife. Basically if your craving a Chinese buffet this one is about as good as any.
We stayed here just after Christmas. We were not in a \"suite\", but our room was very comfortable and clean. Simple, inexpensive room in Vegas: what more do you need? The staff was very friendly and helpful. \nOne tip: get  down to breakfast early (before 7:30) as it gets crowded!
Rosie's is mine and my sister's go to beer place. It is conveniently close and just very cozy. I always get the Magner's Cider which is so damn delicious, and Wenesday's live performer is always so delightful to listen to.
Be prepared for a 45 minute wait just to check in.  I found the service to be rude and slow in the cafe too!!
So completely wonderful! , the smells drew us in... the taste will being us back!! I love  good pig and being able to add my own amount of sauce was a  wonderful idea! Just wish you had more beer choices. That's why four stars. Other than that a five star experience. Thank you so much!
So this place is always packed and I love me some L&L barbecue so we decided to try this.\n\nNot so good :( the meat is super fatty and its just not as good as L&L Hawaiian BBQ at nor terra . Won't be coming back
Great little modern art gallery tucked away in the art's district of Las Vegas. If your in the area or in the market for some great modern art, stop by Brett's gallery when you have a chance. This place is second to none.
raising price, lower rating
Customer service here was great, I'm not sure what the others who reviewed were talking about.
Felt like I was home!  Great pizza puff, true Chicago dog and dunk (gravy) bread.  Staff was really friendly and showed pride in their work. \nNot in my neighborhood, but well worth making the drive, will be back for sure!
Bad customer service. Douchy tall guy acted like he was the store bouncer and made certain that I knew that the store closed at 9pm \"SHARP\". This isn't a dance club, it's a place to buy jeans. I get better service online.
Food isn't that special but the frozen hot chocolate and its many flavors YES!!  It's definetely more delicious than the one in Max Brenner.  They both have different types of desserts so depends what you want more.  Max Brenner (inside Casears) has better food.
Great burgers. Really nice atmosphere. We all really liked the food. Drinks were great. The watermelon mojo to was so good
Hongkong style food! Delicious original taste....located in Las Vegas with LA price and very good service. If you just miss HK food, drive here instead of jumping onto a Cathay Pacific seat, save your $.
It's fast food, it tastes great, it's got courteous people working there and you won't get McSlimed, not ever! Note this was at 12:00pm. The lunch hour.
very delicious and good service. byob, which is a dream. love this place.
Egads the beer is overdone and not consistent. That is of course a picky statement as I expect much more from a craft brewer. The atmosphere cannot be beat, though. This is a must to visit when you come to Pittsburgh.
Food is alright. I go there for their Cable Cars!
The place its really cleanan spacious. They hav hight tech equipment and staff are promt, professinal n friendly.
Their chicken fingers were the worst I have had in years. And they are a bit pricey too.
Oh how I love Urban Picnic... this place is amazing.  I've eaten here several times and everything I've tried has been super yummy.
Excellent pizza.  Staff is friendly, food is quick, and I've never had anything here I don't like.  Love the quattro formaggi pizza and the caprese sandwich.  Can't go wrong with the handmade crust, and the portions are perfect.  Reasonably priced.  Hope it does well enough to stick around!
We ordered the chili chicken and the green jackfruit kebab dish: Katahar Kebab. Both were tasty, but the portions were small and we left hungry. For over $30, I think the portions should be bigger. The dal was delicious. We were  impressed with the spiciness of the food.
we decide to have our christmas party here for the enterteiment. i was so desagree the food the plates were expensive and not very good.  also they did let us play on the table pools because the have some kind of activity with few people over.
Smitty has been doing our cars for 8 years.  Everything from my exotic cars to our VW.   I have a passion for cars and love them looking great.  I also like dark cars which are especially difficult to detail.  Our cars always looks great.   Smitty is at the house when scheduled and is great to work with.
Food was awesome, plenty of healthy options that taste excellent. Service was ok, waitress was very attentive to our tables needs, however her jugs were larger than my head which was, to say the least, intimidating. That being said, I will be back.
Just ate lunch, great food, fun atmosphere.  I had the turkey burger and combo crispy and sweet potato fries.  I'll definitely come back.
She is the best!  I'd call her before you call anyone else
Pretty good airport, easy to navigate around, good facilities, clean, friendly staff, free wifi, and overall a decent airport. Short term and long term parking is available.
The rave reviews surprise me.  Saltiest food ever.  I could barely eat the eggplant parm, which is usually a favorite of mine.  I was thirsty for an entire day after...I thought I was going to need an IV to replenish my fluids!
This is one off favorite buffets in Vegas.  It really isn't that much more expensive that most of the other buffets on the strip, but the quality of food is SO much better than rest.  Definitely worth the extra cost.
I loved it. First off it was the cleanest dim sum place I've ever been to. The staff was kind and had perfect timing. It's new, so it wasn't crowded.  They were also great with kids.  A plus when you want to enjoy a meal out as a family.
I absolutely love the food and atmosphere but in the 3 times I have been to this location, the service has been terrible. I waited 45 minutes for a salad and another 20 minutes to get my credit card back after I paid as I watched my waiter serve other guests.
Overpriced standard chinese fare but it was decent and if you are looking for chinese on the strip it is ok.
The best of everything. Really. The best poker room. The best waitresses. The best blackjack dealers and tables. Enough said.
The food and services was good. But I ate here last year and the food did not taste as good as it did last time
The Brussell spouts side dish was to die for. Everything else was just \"okay\". I don't think I would go here again. Too many other amazing restaurants at The Bellagio to enjoy an expensive meal.
Of all the flavors I have tried here the best is the vanilla. It is tasty but way over-priced. I couldn't believe they actually charged an extra 75 cents for sprinkles. Ridiculous!
Terrific food!  Great drinks.  Usually very busy but will worth the wait!  Nice place white table cloths even!
Slides are cool but the resort itself is lacking a lot. \nAsked for the directions for the gym and didn't give me clear directions.\nAC was super loud.\nKids running around past 11pm. \nEverything is overpriced.
Good food but REALLY slow service. Won't be back for that reason.
I used to buy some dope drum n bass records here.
I f'in love monicals.  Perhaps because I was indoctrinated into loving this pizza as a small child.  However, when I come home to visit I often find myself wanting to come here and stuff my face.  Cheese pizza, topped with their red dressing...so wrong, but oh so right.
I love the seats and theater itself but their popcorn sucks! Come on guys let's step the popcorn quality.
Love the food and it's a great price. The food as yet to dissatisfied me! It's always very quick too if you're on a lunch break. Very clean environment and nice outside patio for nice days when you want to sit somewhere clean and non crowded.
Standard Boston Pizza. You will got what you are looking for
The wedding this last weekend was great. Food, drinks and dancing by the pool could not have been better. Makes me think about doing it again just need a bride.
Average pizza, good selection of pies.  Not my favorite, but I've had worse.
Not like your local foods. If your a foodie, you can spend hours in here. There is a huge prepared foods area, a bar/tasting area, coffee area, smoothie bar, huge olive bar and chocolate bar.
Don't let the higher prices stop you from ordering at the counter. Everything is hot and fresh.
They do a pretty good job with the car wash but they are always inspecting my windshield and trying to do repairs through my insurance which is kind of annoying.
Great coffee, great ambiance, friendly staff. This is a great place to get your study on. Lots of outlets and a laid back vibe, and the coffee is wonderful. Highly recommended.
Had a really great lunch here.  The place was really busy, but service was still pretty fast.  The food portions are GIGANTIC and you can't leave this place hungry.  Prices are in line with the quality and huge portions.\n\nThe fried chicken is excellent, as was the cheese and grits.
Though the show was ok, didn't like how he called a lady in the audience a \"b**ch\" when she asked him to guess her name.  Uncalled for.  Still not sure if the people he chose were plants or not.  We paid $18 on Groupon, that is all it is worth.
It used to be a cool place to go and look for awhile and find something really cool! Like a new top or a cute dress. I don't know what happened. Now it's just sad. Probably better to not waste your time. Maybe go to Ross instead.
Went here last night. For a Sunday night had to wait a very long time for pizza. Not just the normal wait, but more like over 30 minutes for a simple pizza. Food & service was subpar. Nothing memorable. I don't even remember servers name & I just ate there last night. Will not be going back.
Great atmosphere, great beer prices/specials ($2.75 Oktoberfest Warsteiner!) and inventive burgers. Food was OK and service spotty but they did appear to be under-staffed. Will try again.
Usual Asian super market no one speaks English or anything. But if you need Asian stuff good place and its clean.
Been here 3x hoping that it may have just been the time of day or server but ALL 3x we went the service was horrible, bathrooms unusable and food just gross.  On our final visit both my wife and I were sick the rest of the night.  Approach with caution... you have been warned!!
Been here on 3/22/14, the service was nice and there were good veg options too.. (As am vegie) liked the complimentary bread & onion. \n\nAnd there soup & oyster entree was awesome.. But keep in mind it bit pricey for what you get !!
Had a great experience. Jeff and Aaron were friendly, on time, and efficient. No problems or surprises. I would definitely recommend them!
This is a funky Starbucks, but the closest to my work. \nNot my favorite one, I have to admit.\nThe crew is always smiling and pleasant enough. \nBut they do seem to be training people a lot. Maybe high turnover?
Vivace is upscale and delicious food, but is not the best Italian around. We were impressed by the overall quality and flavors of the food, but there were a few missteps. The decor is great and the views from the patio and deck are wonderful. A great date spot.
Wonderful sushi, top notch. The octopus came with a sweet sauce that complimented the octopus very well. Service was prompt, the server pleasant. Didn't have any alcoholic drinks, so can't attest to the bartender's skills. Would recommend this place to anyone.
I love the Vig! I've been to the Fillmore location and now also the Uptown location.  We split a lunch burger special and it was fantastic, the service was great, we never had empty glasses or had to wait long for anything.  Super amazing onion rings as well!!
Not a great experience. \n\nMy doctor was curt and rushed me out with cryptic instructions on first visit and follow-up visit. Treatment was not effective and I ended up having to go somewhere else.\n\nThey are difficult to get a hold of as you are routed through a call center even during business hours.
Really poor customer service! Waited twenty minutes for an associate to even show up in paint section (they called for someone three times) finally asked for manager. When the manager finally showed up he was rude and dismissive!  The store wasn't even that busy at the time. Won't be going back to this location.
Terrible service. Terrible food. Too warm and dirty. Yuck! Not much more to say.
I'm sorry. The burnt drip coffee is definitly not enough to get me to come back. Service is extremely friendly, but the coffee is NOT WORTH IT. Weak, burnt, watery.....this is a coffee place and therefore I am juding based on the coffee. Don't hate.
Quick tip: As a hotel guest, you can get free entry before around 11:30pm.  Call the concierge to get on the list, and you'll wait in a separate, much shorter line.
Went because a friend recommended it. Mediocre in my opinion. Panda Express meets Taco Bell. I had the red chicken and jerk fried rice. Beans are bad either one you get. Best part was snicker doodle.
We only dined here because we arrived late and were hungry and didn't want to venture out into the humid heat for dinner. Although there is much international variety, the quality and flavors were marginal. Try Wicked Spoon, Wynn, or M resort buffets instead, you won't regret it.
Worst Cirque I have ever seen. Good music and story but not your typical acrobatic genius seen in the other cirques ( O, Drallion, Nubia, etc). If this was my first cirque, it would have been my last. Eight seen and this is ranked last by far.
Went here last night. Food wasn't great, really what you would expect from a place like this. There was a clothing plastic tag in my salad. They comped my meal. The waiter was a good guy. Great bread, I'll give them that.
sometime the officer can be pain in the ***, but well, they got the job done.
deserves no stars!!! tried to go to today but it was closed due to 50 demerits of infestation!!! stay away!!!!!
Two words.  Dirty and nasty. Better off driving 3 miles to the Steele creek McDonalds!
Nasty welfare Bisquick tasting  pizza crust and they omitted a topping that I paid for. And there is an annoying red headed lady that goes to every table to socialize.
It's my nearest Starbucks which is lucky because it's also the friendliest in the valley - no really!
The meal was amazing, a salad and an entree was perfect for two. Highly recommend the pork t-bone and the gin and tonics (note the plural). The ambiance and service were spectacular. This place is a breath of fresh air.
Staff seated us (family of five) promptly, service was great and food was excellent.
We have an Original Pancake House in my home town. Same food, but way more expensive. Next time I'm hitting the $5 breakfast buffet and saving the additional $45 it cost me for 3 entrees, 2 small glasses of OJ, 1 glass of milk and a cup of coffee.
Bloody Mary's are awesome..service was great , roasted chicken very nice...
Crazy expensive ($100+) but worth it. Rent the go-pro it is worth saving the moment.
A good show. A few slow moment. Great show for couples. Good way to fill an hour in afternoon. Look for by 1get 1 free coupons and they give you 2free shirts with coupon.
Not the best Ethiopian I had. The food was actually less spicy and does not have that flavor I am used to. Dora wat and misir wat is good. Oh and they had shrimp....first time I seen that as an option....
Good variety of delicious smoothies!\n\nTip:  You can order your smoothie \"skinny\" which means they don't add sweetener. According to the nutrition guide, this saves you 100 calories and 24 grams of sugar.
Good food, friendly service, reasonable prices make this a definite 4 star.  Great outdoor seating location.
Its not a very helpful place but It was clean. It feels old and outdated. I did manage to meet good people that helped me get to my location. For service Im okay if the place doesn't look good.
Large location but there never seems to be anyone working here. I've waited 15-30 minutes walking around a department before I find anyone which is a huge issue if I am in any type of rush or have no clue what I am looking for. It would be nice to have some help once in a while.
This location is better than the one in Bellagio. Better seating, more space to browse their goods, and they have heir different stations separated out more clearly. Basically it's not as congested in there. I can always count on them to have at least 10 different pastries I want to try and chocolates I want to buy!
Well decor, high end. Food are interesting and well cooked. \nI enjoyed Chicken Anticuchos, Green Chile Duck Confit(really tasty, sweet, rich with hominy),
So sorry to report I hade such high expectations and was so disappointed ! Packets of mayonnaise??. Restaurants in Scottsdale do better than that! Food quality did not even compare to anything in Hawaii who are your food vendors?m
Delicious food. Great atmosphere. The food and wine were a revelation but the highlight of the night was definitely the luxurious cheese plate. I would go back just for the cheese selection! \n\nMy only complaint is that the prices were on the steep side.
Update 5/8/11:  I got sick from the raw oysters.  I thought they tasted weird, but they looked pretty.  Duh.  That's the last time I ever eat any raw seafood at a buffet.
This is a happening place filled with hot people eating pretty yummy dead cow.  With that said, the steaks are not that great considering the price.  I still like this place though.  I mean, it's a feast for the eyes as well as the taste buds with all the people watching you can do.
It was delicious! Loved the atmosphere, dim lights, Persian music playing in the background. The employees are all very friendly as well. I tried their Kashke Bademjoon, it was very good and tasted just like the one my mom makes! \n\nPs. My mom is from Iran!
Off the charts delicious!  Superb service!  Taquitos and duck breast were awesome. I don't remember the rolls but both were so tasty.
Great quality meat, total dive mini-casino, but the food is decent & the pricing is near unbeatable. If anyone is attempting to dodge a buffet , wants cheap food & cheap drinks, this is your spot!
Great great great Sunday brunch!  Their cajun (bloody) mary's are to die for!!!!!!! Biscuits and gravy were excellent along with Charleston grits and cup of fruit!!
very expensive for what it is. portions are very small.\nonly thing good is the all you can eat sushi for lunch.
without regoing to this place i will raise my rating based on what Ive heard from others who are fans of their food. When I attended the pizza seemed to be popular, staff was friendly.
Great for a local pub!
This food was beyond average. They obviously have high rent so the food is high priced. I would not eat here again. I really do not get the high praise of this chef. I would rather go across the street and eat at chipotle. ewwww
Very helpful..very friendly staff will always come here for my tire needs! !! They cut me a deal for two tires and put my other two tires under there warrenty!! I won't have tire problems for awhile!
It's OK food - nothing extraordinary.  The pricing, I thought, was a bit off given the quality of food/service.\n\nThe menu is pretty concise and to-the-point.  Very American palette-friendly.
This is a Great Place!  Great Escape!  Frank Miller's: Sin City, Dark Knight, Daredevil, 300 and Hard Boiled!  Graphic Novels, Comics and a great staff, who are always friendly and willing to give me an education!
Trying out this newly opened cafe.  They have a chicken curry that uses scotch bonnet peppers and allspice that looked interesting.  Also, a series of crepes and trying the shrimp Alfredo, Truffle and tomato salad, and baked Mac and cheese casserole.\n\nSmells terrific!
This Gordon Biersch has an outstanding bar - one of the best in the area. The staff is friendly and really know their beer. Our waiter, Brent, suggested their seasonal brew - turned out to be an excellent choice. The appetizers are huge and very tasty.   Happy hour in effect all day on Sunday. We will be back
I've been going to this style of restaurant for 25+ plus years & I'm in the restaurant business. This place is #1, no contest in the Phx area. Service, food, chefs, & sushi chefs are amazing.
I have never used this tailor and can't speak to his work. But he *did* tell my sister-in-law to \"go back to Mexico,\" so if you want a rude racist to be your tailor, go for it!
Terminal 3 is great; friendly staff and quick check in process.
I got a Peanut butter/chocolate cupcake which was decent. It was a little dense but hit the spot.\n\nGirlfriend got red velvet and described it as not sweet and moist. Hit the spot\n\nAbout 4 bucks a cupcake
I only stopped here for a case of beer since I drove by it... usually I prefer Total Wine.  I will give Lee's that they have more locations, but it's not as good of a selection or price as Total Wine.
I am from Chicago, and Spinatos is by far the best pizza in az.  Just like south side Chicago pizza, thin crust.  Amazing sauce like no other.  Delivery takes a bit but it is well worth the wait!
when i first heard about this place on food network i gave it a try and it was good..but after that the 2-3rd time sucked, the food didn't taste the same and the price was pretty to high sorry burger bar but BLT at the mirage kicks your butt hands down
Great sushi bar great staff highly recommend
Great place to watch a movie.  I took advantage of the Yelp discount and there were no problems.  Its a little tough to find so map it out before you go.
Great to have a new gas station next to my folks place.  Price is just right!
In terms of taste, all of their competitors make much better chicken. However, if you're hungry for late night munchies, I suppose anything is worth 5 stars. Service is always exceptional, though. I like the concept of the small menu because it makes the whole thing really simple for both the customers and the employees.
Went there later in the evening and there was a line. The place is small but there are seats outside in the back. I saw plenty of places to park a bike as well. Great family atmosphere. Try the Stout ice cream.
I went on Thursday which is Kareoke night loud and drinks are 1/2 price. Food isn't any good though
The food is better than the stars but this location gets really skimpy on the fixns from time to time.  We pay a premium so don't nickel and dime me. And if you are low on steak make some more or offer an alternative protein vs shorting me to stretch the next order.  Bad customer service 101.
Pretty good.  Not my favorite custard place ever.  It was a little disappointing.  Also, employees are inconsistent in their serving sizes, which my husband pays attention to LOL! Its edible, but nothing we go out of our way for.
Nothing special, expensive 3-piece chicken dinner $20, OUCH!!!! Atmosphere ok, hole in the wall with limited menu.. \n\nYou gotta be kidding.......I will not go back.
All I have to say is this is A pretty good steakhouse and  they also have great customer service.  I would never thought about going to a steakhouse in circus circus but that proves Don't judge a book by its cover. I will go back.
no outdoor seating as said on the website, management are rude to customers. overpriced drinks. wannabe mixologists. they obviously have no bar experience. only cool person there is kenny the bartender and the local high rise folks. The staff hates life.
This is my favorite place to go for boba tea because the texture of their boba is always perfect and they give just the right amount. It's always delicious, my only complaint is I end up drinking it too fast because it's so good and I'm done and want more.
Great service and food! What more can I say. If you like Mediterranean food you will love this gem on Fremont.
Awesome place. Sushi is fresh uni is also. Great service. Awesome sushi rows. Mussels are good also. The place is open till 2pm. Last all you can eat is at 130pm. Appetizers are good. I will recommend this place to anybody and it close to the strip to.
super cheap rooms, scary bathroom but had a strip view.  They gave out complimentary breakfast tickets to Denny's as well as free coffee.\n\nBed was very comfy, thin walls and its vegas so you know whats going on next door\n\nyou get what you pay for.
Stopped here just for gas. The pumps were filthy and in poor condition, as we're the parkinglots and surrounding area. This place is in need of some regular cleaning and maintenance.
We stopped by on a Tuesday night and were happy to see that it was busy. We were seated promptly on the patio and had excellent service the entire night. The summer rolls, chicken satay, and drunken noodles were all outstanding. Silk is now my husband's favorite place for Asian food.
Sooooooo done with this place! The dine in service is hit or miss. Mostly miss. The food is usually good, but overpriced. Don't waste your time. Please note: this used to be one of our favorite places. Thumbs down.
They closed!
Honestly not that bad considering what the other choices were at the airport.  Staff was friendly and efficient and the food came out hot and freshly made.
Who would have thought a Japanese owned patisserie in Montreal.  I had a pleasure of having wonderful macha flavored french pastries at a friend's house.  It reminded me of Shiseido Parlor in Tokyo.  Super rich in flavor, yet light and delicate.  I can't wait to go and check it out in person.
This place is a great way to waste an hour while your wife is busy shopping in the mall. The Aztec hot chocolate is delicious as are the curry truffles.
I like the back area of the bar outside. The music is pretty good. Didn't get to stay there long. I'll have to try it again some time.
They did a great job on my nails but the air was suffocating.   Someone needs to install a fan!  It isn't healthy and I can't go back there because of it.
My family and I stayed at the Rivera what a great place. I will recommend this place to everyone!!
Stopped by after I got a flat tire on my way home. Pro - they patched it and it was free. Con - they ruined my tire. I had to get a completely new tire a few days later.
The ghetto Albertson's. My friend always wants to go grocery shopping at this place. I just don't like this particular location, the food quality isn't the greatest, the selection is mediocre.. Try another Albertson's location.
I love this spot. They have some of the BEST sushi, and the Happy Hour drink/food menu is hard to beat. There's always a good crowd, and we've never had any issues with the service. Nice spot to grab a light dinner - and I recommend the Saki Sangria!
I love the steak. I been craving for steak for a few days!!  Is voted no. 1 in Vegas!!
So glad they opened one up in Chandler. I had the pastrami as usual with a half Asian salad. Its just like I remember from my college days and definitely did not disappoint.
Really only one thing to say. Best donuts ever!!! And cheap to boot! Oh and larger than your face!! Bring your appetite and your cash.
2 stars for the drive through.  Everything else about this Starbucks leaves you wondering, \"why don't you just get back in your car and drive down to the other Starbucks on Daisy Miuntain\"...
I have been eating at this place for a few years! They have amazing food, but the staff has always been rude, but I put up w it because of the great good. It is on the dirty side! I got some food to go last night and found a hair in my Mexican Pizza! I won't be coming back!!!
Great Italian restaurant! The pizza is my favorite, but I haven't had anything I didn't like. Quick, inexpensive and good food. The owners/staff have always been nice and helpful. Not a fancy Italian restaurant, but I would choose Giacomo's over a fancy Italian restaurant any day!
I used to love coming here for hookah and hanging out with friends. But the ASU frat boys found out about it and the place but isn't what it used to be. The foods gotten really bad too.
wonderful lunch special. the tea is awesome. the atmosphere is comfortable, laid back, and inviting. if you're looking for a decent lunch without being too expensive, this place is perfect. recommended for anyone who likes sushi :)
My first time in an authentic Korean restaurant. Food was excellent with healthy size portions
Pleasant evening on the patio with average good but a friendly waitress. They have malt vinegar for the fish and chips.
Wonderful staff and Super helpful :) Would not want to go anywhere else!! They helped calm my fears with their compassion and gentle nature. \n\nIf you live in this area you HAVE TO go to Fountains. They truly are amazing!!!
Having two pre-teen girls I have been to my fare share of \"bouncy places\". Jumpstreet is by far the culmination of all the latest bounce technology. I suggest they revamp an area for adults to hang-out with more TVs and refreshments.
LOVE the Sizzling enchiladas!!! This hard to find location is so good, best Tex-Mex style I have found in the area. My family loves this place!
Stinky, black mold on peeling wall paper, peeling gross paint all over hotel room door. Scary place.
I freaking love TB! Get baja dewski, it'll change your life if you let it.
Huge store. Clean. It's a shame they can't keep their shelves stocked. They also have a very limited selection. I never find everything on my list when I go here. Just a waste of time.
Awesome burgers, I would return if I ever went back to Montreal
I ordered from thos place and it took them an hour to deliver my order and they forgot my soda. When I called the store they told me they couldn't take the soda off. I will no longer order from here.b
Service is horrible. Food is just ok.\nNot recommended.
Ok food. Nothing special.
Excellent coffee! Stop by and give it a try at least. Way better than Starbucks!!! The employees are all very nice and willing to share their knowledge as well.
We've really enjoyed food I've had here - specifically the fresh peaches & cream hotcakes and the grits!  However, the small cafe charm ends there as the service has been very poor 3 of the 4 times we've been there.  We've basically stopped going as it was just too frustrating.
Delicious food, wonderful atmosphere, owners were very nice and helpful, service was great.  Enjoyed it with another couple, but could be a great romantic date place too. Will definitely make this a regular on our list of favorite restaurants.
I'll go straight price is not acceptable vs. the services!
Great stake house love the consitency here...always busy. Love it!
Had one of my best haircuts here in April. I was in town for a trade show, went without appointment on a Sunday. The cut was done all with electric razors (with varying guide adaptors to control length). It was quick, cheap, fast and good! An experience!
OK.  Not as good as Cold Stone or Sweet Republic.
Fresh fish, fun atmosphere, and no judgement. I went in there with my mom tonight and we had the best time. Adam was our personal chef at the bar and he made my experience unforgettable. Definitely will be coming here again. They say they time you but it is more of a guideline than a rule.
Excellent food and atmosphere. TOURISTS:  if you have leftover food, take it with u and walk to the nearest pedestrian bridge and give it to one of the many homeless there.
Best Carne Asada in the Valley!!!!! Every thing is fresh. They will even modify your meal to gluten free!
Amazing production plain and simple. You get to see so many stars in one show and the music and dancers make for a wonderful evening. The theater is cozy and has full drink services. If your super uptight or conservative you might be in for a shocker but everyone is the audience was cheering and laughing.
The \"street tacos\" here are outstanding.  Consistent quality w/ a hot sauce bar that apologizes to no one.  Friendly staff.  Hear me now, believe me later.  Strong.
Fine smoked meat and French fries (not undercooked as is so often the case). Service is quick and efficient. Smiles are hard to come by but it feels like a cultural thing.\n\nAcross the road from Schwartz. Credit cards accepted.
Disappointed.  Go to boiling crab instead.
Thank you Dr. Pagani for the great care you provided my son. You made a painful accident....Positive with your personal care and professionalism. You're simply wonderful. :))))
I really wanted to like this place but they are making it so difficult.  The food is not bad but there are few dishes that are memorable.  To top it off, now they are only open for lunch about two days a week.  They are not open on Monday or Tuesday, which were both days that I tried to go there.
I had the garlic ginger broccoli chicken and it was not very good. The broccoli was hardly cooked and the sauce was way to sweet. Everything else was great. I will give them a few more tries before I write them off as another crappy Asian restaurant in Surprise.
Best Thing I have done for my business.....was working with Citrus Signs and letting them design my banner and business cards.  I strongly recommend this company for anyones advertising needs!  Money well spent!
the burgers are good here like the bourbon burger.  I've had better, but its good fast burger food in the strip area which is hard to find.
If you are 25 you might thing this was \"glam\" but it was loud and the rooms have seen better days.  Fridge didn't work, stains on the pillows, laminate peeling off.\nRap music in the elevators 24/7 and the girls staying there look like hookers.
Tuesday night romance:\n- ALL bottled wine half price\n- Mussels Josephine\n- Bang Bang Shrimp\n\nYum, yum...
Love the food. Love the location. \nDining area and washrooms - filthy. \nStaff- ho hum. \nFloors were so sticky, my shoes still stick to the ground. \nSad.
They charged 21 dollars for a pitcher of flat Guinness. The food is not bad but I will not be coming back.
WTHeck! Is this place EVER open???? I've been there twice for lunch and they've been closed. Their website needs to be updated. When I've called I get a recording saying they're busy so of course that makes me think they're open.
We love going to this restaurant for lunch or dinner.  The chips, margaritas and food are Deliciouso'
Great service with authentic South American food. Fish taco is awesome
Me and my wife enjoyed it very much!We got the Groupon and it was worth it.Very good food and nice atmosphere .We will be back for sure.
Sampler plate was AMAZING! Green beans side was excellent.
They send us information to stay there with discounts. We call and they said they made a mistake so the flyer we got was not valid for superbowl weekend but it did not say any changes. They said it was there mistake. This is the second time I have written something negative about this place. Really
Disgustingly overpriced, mediocre quality Lobster rolls.  Maybe Luke's Lobster has spoiled me in NY, but this place just offended me.\n\nIf you hate your money,  eat here.\n\nSecond star because, at least the lobster tasted fresh.
Waited 15 minutes longer than expected. Pizza, breadsticks, and chicken was cold had to reheat in my oven. While waiting for my order another customer returned three pizzas did not know why until I got home. I will not be ordering from here again.
I love the Big Bite sandwich. The 12 inch sandwich feeds two of us for lunch. I must say that the big apple pizza has great flavor but I recommend the thinner crust if you want to eat more than one piece. I just wish they delivered.
I've ordered late night delivery for pizza, pasta ans wings as an experiment. Everything sucked. I will never order from them again.
The locals like this place and so do I.  Tortillas made right in front of you and the menu is full of pics in case you don't know what something is.  Couple of good salsas too at the salsa bar.
This place is closed, and for good reason.
My baseball team went here for lunch. They claim the hottest fast food employee in the nation works here. It's worth taking a look. \n\n#GPH
I've been here plenty of times pretty chill laid back place to swig a few drinks before hitting up Blue Martini or Nu Sanctuary! Foods not bad I like their appetizers (chips and salsa) also the shrimp cocktail and calamari aren't bad...
WENT to the Target the 1st yes the 1st person we asked for help DID NOT SPEAK ENGLISH....\n\nAfter that I just left. THIS IA AMERICA THE USA, THE US...
Not a fan. Pool and courtyard very dated. The \"awesome\" buffet was more like luke warm cafeteria food. The best part the place is the Grand Cafe who actually served decent food. Prob won't stay here again.
Although the selection was limited (no uni in January, the height of uni season?), the fish that they had was very good.  The tako salad was actually borderline awesome.  A decent Az sushi joint!  I'll definitely be back.
A much needed classy joint in the old sometimes-sketchy fur district, Furco offers a warm atmosphere, good cocktails, nice wine list, and great place to meet new people.
Makes fixing the little things around the house easy with this store so close to me.
we always have a blast with friends over here.. spending money here definitely has its rewards :).  enjoy!
The food was great as can be expected, but the service overall was unfriendly and not the usual for this chain. The dining area was wrecked, and we had to ask them to cleansome tables so that we had a clean one to sit at,.
Excellent breakfast sitting at the counter. This was my first visit to Over Easy and I LOVED the corned-beef hash and eggs. My daughter had the chiliquiles with scrambled eggs and ate every bite.
A beer pub that fakes at classy wine bar. Not too knowledgeable about the wine, good appetizers but SMALL portions.
I've been going here for almost ten years now! I live out of state now, and still get work done by Rodney when possible. Ace is where its at!
Went back and got \n\n1. Salted Caramel  \n2. Meyer Lemon \n3. 2 bags of bacon brittle to take back to the homies
it is almost ok for lunch. not expensive\uff0c nice environment. But the kinds of dishes provided is not too much.
Not the friendliest staff I've ever met. If you don't say hi and smile they kind of scowl at you (I'm sure they don't meant to!).\n\nExpensive but good selection.
I love the cream cheese tempura and pumpkin curry.   Oh yes!
We came for dessert.  The kids liked their sundae and shake.  They were not very tasty to me...the chocolate shake had a strange cinnamon after taste.  My German chocolate cake just made me sad.  Blech.  The server was very nice.  But I won't be back.
Bad service. Out of wings... Really? Cold pizza & flat soda. Dirty bathrooms with bugs all over the floors. I sent my food back and didn't eat a thing. Very disappointed and unhappy.
The workers here are so rude! The only reason I go in here is the Starbucks although the inside is fairly clean I just can stand the employees!
The environment is good but the food is a bit disappointing. The steak is too small for its price. The pasta is really a mass, can't finish even a half.
Great service, tasty food, nice thought out wines by the glass, lots of parking and comfortable ambience
First time here. Well organized and clean. Very friendly staff. Reasonable prices and large space. Down side ... In rough neighborhood. Wouldn't come alone at night and definitely locked my car. Will come again.
5 stars hands down. Amazing donuts and great customer service. Their thai iced tea was the first thai iced tea I've tried but was interesting to taste but was delicious. Has a cool after taste.\n\nMust try at least once. Be careful, could be addicting!
The MGM has a lot to offer but so do all the other casino's. I don't come to Vegas often but prefer the Palazzo.
Good was not very good. The venue was so outdated the only good thing were the flour tortillas
This is one of the best markets that i have purchased meats at over the past 3 years, and their service is outstanding.\nbeing a MN person and knowing them from there it is great.\ntheir selections of meats and poultry are far above the rest, they are the BEST
First and last time..... I ordered a vanilla shake and told the lady that it didn't taste like a shake, it tasted literally like a glass of milk. She was rude when she made me another one, & the shake was no better. Never again
Recently visited Hanny's for the first time and received crap service from a waitress with an attitude. She was not willing to happily accommodate any requests and acted put-off at anything we asked about or asked for. Plus, the place wasn't even busy while we were there, it was pretty empty. That's how you drive customers away.
YAY! Yummy Thai food close to  home in North Las Vegas finally! Check this place out.
Food is ok. The ladies were rush to close because we were the last customers, so no service for the last 15'. Certainly disappointed because they already ring us up so THEY DIDINT SERVE US during that time! Will not go back!
Assembly of God churches are wrong on salvation. No matter how entertaining the music is, nobody should go there and be deceived by false teaching.
Normally, I would reserve 5 starts for something that I had been back to, but I'm not sure when I'll be back in Phoenix and the meal we had was really stellar.\n\nCourteous staff, relaxed for a formal place, and all of the food was delicious.
Service was above and beyond! Free mimosas for the entire bachelorette party:)\nSuper attentive and nice!
Authentic Cantonese restaurant with great Dim Sum.  I was there when it just opened and frequented it when it was relatively new and I haven't had the chance to visit for a few years so hopefully things haven't changed.
Love Love this place! It is very clean, they use great products and take a lot of pride in their work. I go to Crystal and she does an amazing job!! Try them out you will not be disappointed by far the best nail place! Reasonably priced with great options!
This place was BUSY - imagine the DMV, if the DMV poked and prodded you with needles.
As if a 30 oz porterhouse steak is not enough. Top that with truffle mac and cheese and duck fat fries. We inhaled two of these fries before our food even arrived. If you're in town, STRIPSTEAK!
My fianc\u00e9 and I love this place! Their baked Brie and prime rib sliders are amazing! Had a filet mignon salad which was also amazing. Happy hour deals are decent and they have a great variety of beer, wine and cocktails. Servers have been great every time too.
I really don't have the words right now. Losing my nephew to a senseless act of violence..
Was visiting Charlotte for business and checked out this restaurant after reading the good reviews on Yelp.  our server Melinda was amazing and I reccomend you requesting her.
After sitting there and being ignored for 25 minutes we just left!
Looks better in the commercials. We don't have one of these in San Diego, but see the commercials all the time, so i was excited to try it since it was next to our hotel! \n\nGeneric food, but fun service! ...their salad bar does not look good either.
Awesome place!  Great food, great staff.  Aaron was very knowledgable about the entire menu and was very helpful.  If you have the opportunity, check out this spot while in Vegas, do it!  I highly recommend the Gotham and/or Farmstead.
Hey its another Thai joint. Its good. I wouldn't ever go back. No real reason just a lot of other guys around town do it better. If your near it and want Thai give it a try. But if you see some my other reviews there is better options.
The food is still great.... but the locals discount has been cut back, we wont be commin back nearly as much now. Bad move on the Rio !
Needs some new equipment
Same setup as the rooms at the Palazzo, yet seems a bit smaller.  Also has a sunken living room and a couple of flat screens. The Palazzo is my first choice for the money.
They don't have enough choices on the menu, and the ones they do are over priced. I'm not a fan of paying $10+ for an ultra thin pizza with hardly any toppings. I've gotten the potato soup here before, it was good but not enough to keep me coming back. Service was not friendly.
I was surprised by the take  out only but it works. Quick service and it was hot when I got back to Hville where I was staying. The Tempei steak was great and the mac & cheese was amazing steamed veg too. Good seasoning and price.
Don't waste your money this was the worst Chinese I've ever had.  Absolutely bland flavorless food I think they keep there costs down be removing all the ingredients from there dishes.
I had a wicked craving for a turkey sandwich with gravy n mashed potatoes. \nThey had it on special the day I was there. . Food was pretty good. Staff was like a small town crew. They knew many of the customers. \nI think I'll be bAck.
Great for brunch or lunch...\nAmerican style diner...\nHuge burger challenge!
Great club even if it has a small dance floor. Had a great dj didn't just stick to one type of sound switched it up from techno to hip hop. Bartender was really nice and fast to get our drinks. We went on a Wednesday didn't think it would be such a great club. We are definitely going back.
I hate you N.L.V.A. your mean and your floors are not comfortable - I'm sure I will be seeing you soon. \n\nP.s. i love you.
I have to say this is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. The food and the atmosphere is great. I recommend having the \"Frankie Special\", I have to get it every time I go. Second favorite would be \"The Sundevil Roll\". Delicious!
Underwhelming - The street is a tourist trap at best. The stores repeat, meaning you tend to find the same kilts, same short breads, the same magnets from store to store. I'm not sure if I saw anything that wasn't mass produced. I did enjoy the bagpipe performance though.
This place is definitely a hit or miss when it comes to food and service. The prices are reasonable and the atmosphere pleasant.
Updated since they did finally give our money back.  Still beware.
Franchised location and does not accept free redemption items from gold star member rewards.
The food was partially good but it took 10-20minutes just to come out and then the food wasn't even hot!! Plus the portions were ok!!! Food was greasy!! And cold!!!
A great place to chouch out downtown. I was reluctant to try the grub. Georgie told me to try the grill cheese and tomato soup. I did and I liked it. This place gets packed early so make your trip to Lost Leaf earlier in the night.
The food is amazing. The service is great. Definitely a restaurant I'd go to the strip for.
I drove by this restaurant hundreds of times thinking it's the same old fast food Chinese restaurant, it's not.  The dishes are made to order and fresh. The prices are reasonable too.
This was our best meal in Vegas and the cheapest. Sweet potatoe fries were amazing and we loved all the different ketchups to try. The hamburgers were huge and amazing. We will be going back.
The frozen hot chocolate is a bit overrated.The milkshakes are overpriced and not that great.They actually charge you an extra couple dollars if you want to split an entree with someone.The food is usually pretty good,and it's one of the more affordable places to eat on the strip
OMG!!!  Best pizza ever!!!  I am in pizza heaven.  A definite must if you are in Vegas
This has got to be the worst pharmacy of all the Walgreens stores! They are always so busy never enough staff how to handle the amount of people.
Delicious Indian Food!  I come here a lot for lunch and the service and food are very very good!  Highly recommended.
I love Jimmy johns.   This location lacks parking.   \n\nI would visit more often yet parking is too difficult.
The pizza was ok but the service was terrible. I stopped in for a quick lunch and got the slice special but it ended up taking an hour after waiting several minutes for someone at the front counter and then again for the slices. The place was empty other than myself, yet I couldn't get any help/service.
FANTASTIC! We went here on a whim and are so glad we did! The food is amazing but the people who work there make it an enjoyable experience as well! We go back to eat there at least once a week now.
Food was good enough. Service was terrible at this location. I had to wonder where they kept going. It was just terrible. Yikes.
Low quality sushi rolls. They mush up the tuna for rolls and it seems there's more filler with spices inside. Crab and salmon rolls.. Boring.... The service is why I give it two thumbs up... I mean 2 stars.
Showed up to get oil change. One car in garage and two open bays. Informed it will be over 30 minutes before they can even get my car in.
A pleasant surprise.... If you're one who doesn't eat meat, their vegetarian options were excellent....  Had the Chicken Shawarma and it was delicious!!!!  They also had a great variety of hummus.  If you're a fan of Greek food, the menu has similarities....
In a fit of experimentation, we tried this place.  How weird is it to find a bakery open late at night on a Sunday, with plenty of fresh pastries on hand?  Anyway, the big winner was the giant piece of fresh tasty flan for $2.25 (feeds 2 or more).
Had the best risotto of my life.  Must try the shrimp risotto!  Great atmosphere, people that work there are amazing.
Great food and friendly service! All the sandwiches are great and service is great. You can really tell the appreciate your business!
Kitchen was very slow, all food did not come at same time 15 minutes from the first delivery of food until the last person got there. The food was extremely over cooked and cold \n\nWould never come back
I'm a huge BWW fan but this is the only location where I receive great service every visit! The blazin wings and fries are my fav! The servers are always generous to me, wish the food wait wasn't so long but it's worth the wait (:
Rainbow donuts has really good fresh donuts. The staff is very friendly. I usually will pick some up for an event. They have a good variety. The earlier you come the better section they have. I highly recommend these local donuts. As, the national donut chains don't even compare to these...
I stopped here for a quick sandwich and coffee. I got the Alloush hot sandwich and the hot Milky Way espresso which were both  phenomenal taste explosions in my mouth. Friendly staff and fair prices. I will most certainly return for another visit!
We got a Nutella brioche and bananas foster crepe. Totally disappointed very expensive and not tasty at all!!!\nGo to Max Brennar at caesar's palace!
I love being able to go to an early movie and only paying $5 to see a movie. Which is a good thing- because cheap is NOT the adjective that can be used to describe the concession stands.
Not bad. Not super amazing. My cafe rumba burrito was okay, line was moving a little slow but the employees were nice.
I'm moving out of state and their service area and they are charging me a fee of 150 dollars for breaking a contract. I'm sorry but a contract for cable, oh please! It is nothing more than a way to rip off the customer. Shame on you Cox
Any place with the beautiful word pig in it, is a place i shall go to!!  It was great!!
No salad bar, slow service even when its empty (which they always are) and just nit that great. Go elsewhere.
I've only been at this hotel to go bowling, pretty much.  Bowling alley is great; the rest of the casino is dreadfully average.  I'd much rather go to Red Rock.
I love JP Pancakes the service was really nice and I had BlueBerry pancakes and it was fantastic and my meal was free becasue it was my birthday.
I appreciate your collection. \nBut its too expensive.
The worst experience ever. My first time going was not fun. It literally took 16 minutes for one chicken taco and chips. When I finally got the taco it had a piece of metal in it. The chicken was cold and looked weird. I will never go there because it's not clean and the food suck.
we've only been to the new location on gibson near american pacific.  i loved it, nush said it was \"really good.\"  their bread is made fresh and tastes delicious.  so far the top favorites are the: crab-cake & the prime rib sandwich .
Amazing food. Loved the service and music. Highly recommend this place!
Discovered BB when I lived in Orlando for a while, and loved the food atmosphere.  I like to visit this establishment while in Vegas as few tourists know of it, or find it.  \n\nThe good is quite good, and fairly consistent.
Second time here with my daughter \nDoctor is great and my daughter loves her and I do to\nThe staff definitely needs work
Way overrated. This is basically like subway wrapped in pita bread. Won't go again.
Go for the pizza. I wasn't idiot impressed by the rest of the menu, but I would drive many miles for a slice of their pizza. Crust is fabulous.
Delicious burgers and fries. Great customer service and quick! Love In and Out Burger!
Decided to come here for some stupid reason. The kimchi tasted rotten. The soondubu tasted like watered down ramen water. IM NOT EVEN EXAGGERATING THIS!!!! Servers have this tired ass look on their faces like they don't care to be there.
If you want horrible service and want to be treated like you are an inconvenience to the wait staff, then bj's is for you. This place just flat out sucks!!! I won't be back. I'll use my federal reserve notes somewhere else.
Good food, comfy environment.
Meh... $3-$3.25 fancy under filled hot pockets.  Didn't feel it was a good value and at bill time got forgotten about for about ten minutes. Won't be returning.
Wonderful service! Food is great and quick. I would return if I'm ever in Montreal again.
Great food and decent service on our first visit. Sushi was very fresh and tasty. Wish they weren't out of the Spicy Won Ton, was looking forward to trying that appetizer. Will definitely come back.
Boba on the north side!! Nce Bonaparte and you can tell them to make your boba the way you want it. Nice place and cool people!! Definitely the boba to go place if you live on the northwest side of vegas!!!
Very average run of the mill buffet. Prices are above average. Nothing special but not awful
I've only been here for drinks.  Their beer selection is nothing to write home about -- it's missing some Madison staples. (No Leines, as well as various favorite Capitol Brews, but there is Spotted Cow.) However, I have always had friendly service and a good time.
I want to like this but the food and beer are sooooo expensive.  One real downside is the service.  The service is really lacking here and it seems like they just don't care.
Hands down the best breakfast joint in town! If you're a coffee lover, you'll love this place. They have the most addictive coffee. Also make sure you ask Frank for the Red Velvet Pancakes!  They serve you so much food you'll be taking some home!
bomb pizza and ranch but the owner lady is rude. i only ran into her once and i never want to again i almost never came back because of her but luckily i have eaten there many times now and havnt seen her
Great location; friendly staff. Nothing above and beyond to report.
Great service!\nSaw a bug (the indestructible r-type) in my shower. Otherwise clean
Food is pretty decent BUT waiting for 45min to get it was less than thrilling. Coffee is fantastic. They need to streamline their service a little better so I'll come back in 6 months to see if they've made some changes.
Though it is a place for kids I personally have seen much better park for kids.There are very minimal rides and all are old.Nothing new..
We in vegas for a few days, craving for some vietnamese food. We found this place on yelp with such high rating. This is a regretful decision. They serve the one of the worst pho and com tam ever. Hmmm, I wonder if the owner have deliberately star up his own place.
Enjoyed looking at everything and I mean everything that was made out of chocolate! \n\nAmazing work!
Amazing habanero shrimp appetizer, awesome Southwest egg rolls, and the fish tacos were amazing. Next time I am Charlotte I will stop here.\n\nDid I mention the beer was pretty darned good too
I was on my way to work and needed to get a smog check and Auto Tech was very fast with great service!  I was only there for 10 minutes, and Johnny was very friendly and professional. I even used the Yelp deal, and only had to pay $10!! I highly recommend their services.
Not only is the food delicious but the service was amazing! We ordered the meat and cheese platter with a caprese salad. It was the perfect combination for a hot night. We took our time, enjoyed the food and we never felt rushed. Now it's your turn!
This place is terrible and the management has acted like an entitled prick every time I was there lol... Id rather get shot at R Bar
Poor service. Don't care attitude. Food so so...
Very much a Crescent street tourist hangout. About as authentic as Mario and Luigi.\n\nGreat for American tourists and Mom and Dad visiting their little princess who goes to McGill ;)
The food is awesome but you have to stay for the 9pm Irish Pub music show. Make sure you ask for a good table for viewing because such a thing is limited.
QT-Best gas station eva!
Except the bread was fresh from the oven, the special fish of the day red snapper was over cooked. The portion of the side dish garlic spinach was tiny portion. For drink, I only ordered an oj, plus the tips, the bill came close to 50 bucks, not worth it. Although the service is nice and open till late.
Service was done back in September. But finally had a chance to write a review. Had my 2006 Scion Xb serviced here for my water pump change and was half the price of the dealership.  Great shop with an honest family running the place.  Henderson and Las Vegas needs more places like this.
There were three employees there and only one was actually working. It took way too long to get items that don't require cooking. The hot fudge sundae was missing adequate hot fudge. The other three desserts were mediocre at best. Not worth a second visit
Had Pink Box Footballs for the Super bowl  WOW
Was definitely worth the money even though the ride was too short! Worth doing with your loved one especially when you go underneath the bridge! ;-)
Horrible. Got food poisoning from this place. Way too cheap. Would rather spend $20 on good sushi than $3 on something that looks like it has been on the conveyor belt for 1 or more hours.
Worse Home Depot lazy waited 30 minutes to get help in electrical department. The CUSTOMER SERVICE person told me\" I paged the person what else can he do! \"\n\nGo to Val Vista store
I've taken three automobiles to UAG for tint jobs and Brian and Helen always take good care of me. Great family business with great customer service. They will definitely continue to get all of my future business!
We came here for breakfast. For years Ive been hearing how great this place is...WTH?  What a disappointment!  Food was luke warm to cold, bland and just yucky. Maybe lunch would be better? Im afraid to try...
Great fresh ingredients fun place with a good vibe.. A various array of people, server was kind and very informative of the menu!! The pizza cookie is one for the win!! Highly recommend this place.. Also, there's a nice selection of vegetarian friendly food:)
If your looking for a fine dining seafood experience this isn't it, but that's not what they claim to be. It's just one of those guilty pleasure experiences. Food is hot and fresh, processed and deep fried. Outdoor seating is a little uncomfortable and hot so eat fast or get it to go!
It was ok. The pork was very dry and noodles were good. I don't think we'll be going back.
I absolutely LOVE this place! I've been eating here for over a decade now and it NEVER fails me. Consistant, friendly, and incredible food! Everything from the breakfast bagel, to the chicken salad sandwich, to the potato salad. If I lived closer, i'd eat here twice a week.
Very nice and creative interior. Drive thru and dine in Mexican grill.  Just opened yesterday.
One of our favorite places to eat. Something to satisfy everyone.  The burgers have plenty of toppings. The chicken has just enough crisp on outside and tender inside. The atmosphere is casual and fun. 50's music.
i know this place is semi-famous, i think especially after jake gyllenhall (sp?) talked about it on leno, but what is the big deal??? i just don't understand. cole slaw? fries? big whoop.
went there the other night  friday may 10,2013 and they were not serving alcohol.  lady said the previous owner committed fraud on his liquor license . . they were serving food but no one was in there and people who showed up and were told no alcohol left the place
Attended a conference here and was really impressed with the property. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The bar in the lobby had a nice selection of food and wine. The grounds are very nice as well.
Been here several times.  They always mess up my order, especially at the drive-thru.  Skip this one and drive 3 minutes north to the McD's at Alma and Queen Creek. It's much better.
Super fast super fresh personal pies made to order right in front of your eyes. Project Pie is the Chipolte of Pizza chains. Most chain pizza is hideous. This is not.
Would someone please buy this place and knock it down already. It's a dinosaur that's clearly just holding on to it's premium spot on the strip waiting for MGM or Las Vegas Sands to buy them out and put up a nice place to stay. If you like pretending your back in 1970 then this place might be for you.
I like the pizza here, got it to go once. The only knock is they went real light with my sausage topping as I had only two to three pieces of meat per slice. I'll go back but may inquire about toppings.
The service was not only half asked but also one of the worst in dining I've ever experienced.  I was treated rudely and should have basically served myself.  This is the last time I will dine here which saddens me because I love pita jungle!
What a cool place and one of the best happy hours in town - $2 drafts!  Great cowboy atmosphere and so glad I was able to staple my business card to the wall along with the many others.  Beware if you wear a tie to this place...you will lose it to the ceiling!
I loved it so much, I ate here twice in one visit to Vegas!!! I had Andy's Sage Fried Chicken for breakfast.... (This was the one on Man Vs. Food) and it was amazing and a lot of food... If you are coming here, bring your appetite!!!
The staff were great but sadly the food wasn't . The chicken didn't have any flavor and had a lot water in it.
They have delicious vegetarian sandwiches.  way better than subways or heidi's.
The place opened a few months ago and they are still building.  The outdoor area is open and it's wonderful to sit outside at the lake and have your drink and meal.  The Captain's room will be a wonderful place to sit when it is too hot outside.  plan to go here again.
Nice to have another Irish pub downtown!  Nice decor, convenient location and good beer.
Beer Selection 10/10 however service is 1/10. Staff lacks product knowledge. Specials are not mentioned. Wait time is long. Staff makes you feel like they are doing you a favor by taking your order.
Food took an HOUR to get to us.  Then it was cold but we were too hungry to send it back and have them spit in it.  I really enjoyed this place when it was in Mesa but they just lost a customer.  Horrible.
Slightly above average mexican food. One thing that keeps me coming back is they have excellent hot sauce. Service is always good. Very friendly staff. They do make great nachos maybe I should add a star!?!?
I love Swaddee. I always get the broccoli on wok with beef and my husband enjoys the cashew chicken. I think the prices are reasonable and you get a lot of food.
No longer dog friendly! Don't find out the hard way from the rude staff...
The food was pretty good, and it was much better than Veggie Delight. I ordered some stir fried tofu and vegetable dish, but I forgot the name of it. The flavors were spot on, and the cooking techniques are very good as well. Felt a lot healthier going out than I was coming in.
I spent $16 on a bag of chips and sandwich and asked for a cup of water with a lid on it cause my hands were full.  The lady working the grill yelled at the cashier that they don't allow that anymore.  And then she said something rude under her breath.  Get real!!
I love this place and their excellent steaks...
Love the new setup - Chipotle style ordering for your gyro. Lentils, rice, both or a salad for the base then you get to choose from a slew of other toppings. We got a couple bowls, some Greek style fries, and some dessert, all of which were awesome.
Absolutely Mind Blowing! I have seen a couple of cirque du soleil shows (3 in total - mystere, zumanity and zarkana). This is top of chart! It was soooo enchanting and the clowns were very interactive and entertaining...What A Marvel!!
Great food, fantastic view, splendid restaurant.\n\nWE live in Chicago, and my son and daughter-in-law live in Charlotte.   We go there to visit both the kids AND Dresslers.  It is TOP-NOTCH!
Service isn't so great but the coffee is always good
Bad, stay away, most vegetarian unfriendly, they have prime rib and expect evry1 to go gaga over it. Will not set foot in this buffet ever again. The buffet area was dirty and outdated. I made sure they heard me loud and clear.
Best massage in Phoenix.  Moved here three years ago and have tried in vain to find a GREAT massage until now.  David was attentive to my needs and I left completely satisfied.  Doesn't hurt that he is charming as well.
Don't go here! I think the Owner of the bar went through gene therapy to revert back to a primitive state. Don't give her any of your business, because she \"-don't need your money you mother f**kers\".
I question whether these reviews are real. These reviews seem faked. One person is declaring how they want to get a naiil in their tire to go back. These reviews should be analyzed by yelp. My experience was negative.
Follow that truck.  Can't miss it, very colorful and eye catching.  Owner is some guy with black rimmed glasses - super nice guy and serves some bad a... burgers.  Too bad i can't try the meat burgers, the caprese is pretty good and crispy fries.
Great location, great staff, amazing room. \nWe had a large suite with a full kitchen (and I mean full), living room with pull out couch, recliner.. bathroom vanity was large, bathroom was large and everything was extremely clean. Would definately reccomend staying again.
\"The food was not good at all and was way overpriced for the quality of food we received. The waiter was friendly though. Very disappointing, would not recommend, and will not be going back\"
Had my oil changed there this morning... Took about 20 minutes, and they honored a coupon that wasn't even theirs! Quick and friendly service. They tried to sell me stuff, but don't all these auto places do that? Overall, good experience. Waiting room was hot, no AC.
Great Food and Great Service!
I'm very picky when it comes to Breakfast and most importantly eggs and how's certain people make them. I chose the ribeye and 3 eggs with cheddar and I had zero complaints!!!!! Will definitely return the atmosphere is nice and our server was definitely cool to.
I was really blown away by how bad this pizza experience was... It was room temp and basically a bucket of grease. Wow.
The food was excellent. It far exceeded our expectations. The service was friendly and attentive. Recommend it for something different.
It's great to have a grocery store downtown. But the selection is not very big, especially with meats, cheese, veggies, eggs, bacon - all the essential foods.
The Sunday brunch is . It's served butler style (they bring the plates to the table). All the plates are absolutely delicious. They have bottomless drinks for an extra $20. It's a great deal and different experience compared to other buffets. It's for sure worth  a try.
This is good quality breakfast food.  They have an extensive menu with something for virtually everyone.  They also serve lunch, although I have not ordered off the lunch menu.
I don't know what they put on the chicken in the Greek salad - but it's damn near magical.  I get carry-out from here usually once a week.  So far I've only had the Greek salad, but can't wait to try other stuff when I feel like splurging.
No sea food soup..Noddles in soup super thick, hard to eat. Over prized. I orderer soup and veggie tempura, bill was $30 exclude tip. Sushi and sashimi okay. But nothing special. Super small, tables are for groups.
Have driven by this place thinking it would be a great cheap dive. Pretty over priced for the quality and the service was lazy. Not much else to say!
way too overrated.\nthe bouncer bullshit about guest list. Dropped him $40 and suddenly there was no guest list. Waited in line for a long time, and very disappointed when I finally got in. Seriously, my spotify plays better music than the dj here.
I've been here at least a dozen times and have had great service. The food on the menu is perfect for bodybuilding competitors on a diet and there is enough variety that most people can enjoy. The prices may be a little more, but are worth it in my opinion.
Great customer service they just didn't have what I needed
So good! Had the salmon with my salad. Quick and friendly service. Big selection. Will be back.
Been a couple of times now. Staff always attentive. Food fresh and lots of choice. \nWould go again and recommend. Free wifi a bonus. Oh, also Wednesday is free slice of pie day when you order a meal!
maricopa.gov\nFood Inspection report, Jan 2013 rcvd a \"C\" rating.\nObserved accumulation of black organic slime mold in interior of ice machine in back kitchen area. \n\nI am totally grossed out!
It's not the worst food.... The shrimp cocktail had 4 shrimp thats $1.25 per shrimp, 1/4 of an avocado and a few pieces of chopped onion... I'm not sure what the other dishes are like, but don't order this one....
Wow, made my first trip in to Dash the other day after going to 10 other consignment stores in Scottsdale.  I am furnishing a house and looking for quality merchandise at a decent price.  I could not believe the prices of their merchandise.  There are much better options for consignment furniture all over Scottsdale.
No WiFi on top floors u needed a laptop to whook up to internet via eather net cable who the he'll uses laptops anymore lol...toilet took 2 hours 2 fill up before used again....very out dated and dingy feeling hotel... Won't recommend
TURN DOWN THE DAMN MUSIC!! the cream puff I had at that papa place was pretty good. Couldn't hear anything though.
I'm ok on this place. The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything special. The root beer, of course, is delicious. The look of the restaurant is great. I'd rather buy the root beer from the store and eat elsewhere.
First off, very clean restaurant ... But long wait time as they are preparing the food fresh can be annoying... Visited twice last weekend, and waited 30 minutes on 2 burgers and 2 shakes!!! At least the staff was friendly enough and refunded the whole amount.
Rude and expensive. I sent my young daughter to buy our drinks (4), as she is trying to earn her gold card. The barista was rude and didn't know the process and gave my daughter incorrect info and it wasn't until my wife saw what was happening that another barista came to assist.
Cute little place - the lattes were great!
Ordered \"Rare Roast Beef\" straight from the menu and it came out well done. Told my server, he came back from the kitchen and told me \"we actually don't have rare roast beef.\" How do you call yourself a deli?
I have never had a worse burger! Bread was stale messed up my order 2x! I will not be returning! I can just imagine when they hold Vegas StrEATs, how bad there service is.
Way too loud if you want to hear the person next to you. The steaks are good but sides are just average. The fried chicken was tasteless but juicy. The salmon was dry. Not a good place for a date.
Be careful of what you eat. 8 of us went for lunch. Two of us had the brisket and we got food poisoning.
Red Devil is everything I could ask for in a quick, take-out pizza. I call ahead, ride my bike to the window and bam. Great pizza. I also bring my dog there occasionally with no trouble.
Just your typical Arizonian Italian restaurant
I'd have to echo comments from some other diner's:  don't judge this book by it's cover.  Nice menu (something for everyone), well-prepared food, and super service.  OK, the decor is a bit 1980's, but I don't eat decor.  Recommended!
Wheelhouse is just ok.  Chicken sandwich bland.  Service just ok.  Enjoyed good company.  Prices $8 to $12 for sandwich and fries.
Mike is one of the most honest mechanics I have met. I took my vehicle in to find out why it wouldn't start. He didn't repair anything, he found the problem and told me what to replace myself. Just had to pay the diagnosis fee. He will be getting more of my business in the future.
The car wash does not work very well. People inside were nice, but paid $6 for a brushless wash that should be called a wash less wash.
The cake bites are delicious!  You get one free if it's your first time.  The shop is super cute.  The cupcakes were fantastic, not overly sweet.  It was hard to decide on flavors because they all looked so yummy!
This is my FAVORITE BBQ place in Las Vegas. The meat is juicy and the flavors are great!
Service was awesome but my food was not very good this time around... I was excited because I ate at another Vegas location and it was awesome but this time around was just ok..
Wow, I just don't know what to say. I think I will keep this review very short because there are so many things to say. \n\nGreat food............but it was the WORST SERVICE that I have EVER HAD!
I've eaten here twice. The first time, the food wasn't particularly good. The second time, the food was average, but not particularly exceptional. Lulus still gets three stars, though, because it's inexpensive and the bubble tea & bubble smoothies are delicious.
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.
THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. I love the menu. Come hungry!! The rolls are huge. You really get your moneys worth. It is the best in Nevada!!!
I'm leaving California and moving into the parking lot.
Came here on the soft opening. It wasn't too crowded. The food was good and there were many option to choose from. Only downside was that people took too long in line for the food. I recommend going here.
The best place for coffee!!! I love everything about this place.. The atmosphere, the neighborhood feel, the baristas, and the patrons (especially the little Italian men sitting outside playing cards drink espressos). A huge favorite place in my book!!!
I'd love to give this place more stars but with the limited menu, chicken    fingers, waffle fries and a salad as the whole menu I just can't. A good place for kids who like chicken fingers. Both bathrooms were out of service but i am sure that was a temporary thing.
Where very helpful.
Havent had this joint in awhile. Simply, heaven. However, this particular location made us a dried out burger and fries! Friendly staff though.
I was not a fan.  Worst tabouli I've had in town, barely any chicken in the pita I ordered.\nPlenty of better options in the area
We went at 4p to avoid a line, but still waited 90 mins.  The price was $45 per person.  We were under whelmed.  A good $30 buffet, but def not worth the $45.
Dr Novy is excellent but office staff is horrible. Not friendly, rude, judgemental and seriously so many other good doctors out there with better staff. Stay away
What the heezy?! My wings are dry! This is the second time! Come on guys!
Went back and had the chinese chicken salad, which was awesome, virtually identical to the one at Houstons but that's ok, I love it anyway.  Our server was great.  My friend had the bisque (daily)  and loved it and we shared jam fries.  Great experience, even better than my previous one.
Deluxe Electric has done work at my home and my commercial building.  Every thing was done on time and for a great price.
I have been on a lot of other plane co. and United has been good for us. I have had far more bad flights with others. \nI will use United again
This Walgreens is great! Very nice, very clean, very well maintained and stocked. The staff is quite helpful.
The people that work there are soooooooooooo nice and helpful!  The waffles were decent but I would not go out of my way to get there.  Seemed like they have a lot of regulars though.  I did not like the fact that they do not have any fountain soda.
Delicious, Unique experience, great for groups or intimate dinners.
Very very slow drive thru\n\nRecommend going inside
The omlets awesome. Coffee is the best tasting I have had at a breakfast place and my fiance loves the hot chocolate. The staff is very friendly and is quick on the refills.
Been banking with Chase Bank for like forever.  Enjoyed their fast service and friendly staffs.  Great location just off Loop-202 & US-60 and within minutes from Arizona State University (ASU) & Mesa Community College (MCC).
We went there last night because we heard of the all you can eat crab legs... The crab legs had no flavor at all. None of us liked any of the food there. We wrong be back.  On a side note they were very friendly.
Fantastic show! Great music with an excellent storyline. Who knew? Felt like dancing and sitting on the edge of my seat for good things to happen to these talented young men. Surprised by all the music we recognized from this era.
Long wait, poor service and average food at best really took the wind out of what had been a fun morning at the strip. Will not be back.
Had lunch there, it was good although the price was high vs. the amount of food :X though very friendly employees and the food was good non the less i would agree that its better than Panda but nothing to special :)
Just got back from my appt. with Mandy, what a sweet girl.  Scheduled me for a next day appt.  even though she was super busy.  She did an ombre color for me and did a great job.  I appreciate the fact she explained the process and offered suggestions/advice.  Reasonable prices too.  Highly recommend.
Really didn't impress me. Place is clean. Chicago Dog was just lame. Chilli fries were cheap tasty but and okay place to go.
Their always so friendly and happy to see everyone,  love it here,  drinks are always delicious. I recommend the iced cocomo!
One of our homestyle mexican favorites. A true \"hole in the wall\". The dining room could be updated but the food is excellent. Not huge portions to where you will need a to go box. Have to walk thru the kitchen to use the restroom (kind of strange), but at least they have one.
Ordered the pretzel basket as an appetizer prior to watching the D-back at Chase Field. For $8, we got four little pretzel bites. We would have been better off buying a full pretzel at Chase field as it was cheaper there!
Vick provides Awesome service , very polite and very hard working and smiling person who makes you feel at home with his best service to cater to customers.\n\nFood is the best Indian food in vega\n\nPlease do visit the place and I highly recommended this place to people who love Indian food and good service
Amazing BBQ ribs, meat, salads, fries. Very inexpensive and very good. Free ice cream :)\n\nAwesome spot to go to when visiting Las Vegas.
Picked up some food to go here. For a quick meal on the cheap this place isn't that bad. However, it wasn't very good either. We got the dinner combo b and everything on the pupu platter was either bland or dry. The fried rice and garlic shrimp were actually pretty good.
Great instructions!  Up beat atmosphere! Great music! Great drink specials!  Awesome time!
Good place, rooms are nice but slightly worn - maybe due for a refresh.  Wi-fi stinks - good reception but constantly drops the connection.  Great location, good rates, breakfast is very nice.
Yes!  Yes!  Yes!  Eucalyptus steam room, redwood sauna, a zillion different soaking tubs - just what you need after an intense night of partying.
The guys there are expensive and they refuse to price match. Honestly you can't build customer loyalty with a business like that. There are other places that offer more knowledge at less cost that equals a better customer satisfaction. They lost a gun sale that day.
Awesome place!!  Their food and service were PERFECT!  Plus, the voodoo theme was a unique touch that added to the experience.  After dinner, the staff invited us to relax in their lounge on the rooftop of the casino.   Very upscale lounge to have a few drinks and enjoy the view after dinner.
The service is frequently spotty.  But the food makes this one of my favorite lunch spots in Charlotte
Ordered nachos...took about 20 mins for it to come out. Sour cream looked like cottage cheese and they use the shredded microwaveable cheese. \n\nThe beer is good, can't really go wrong with that!
Fettuccine Alfredo beyond belief dry and tasteless.  Grilled chicken dry and tasteless.  Prices way too high for quality of food. Beer was good though. Can't understand how this place is so busy.  Much better options available with local businesses. Avoid this chain.
This place beats qdoba and chipotle on taste and if that wasn't reason enough to come here I also come because I can get brown rice and wheat tortilla which is not an option at their competitor's spots.
The food here is worth all of the negatives- the wait, the service, the atmosphere. Sometimes you just need that hearty breakfast to start your day, and Palatte just won't succeed.\n\nI recommend everything here. Seriously, everything. Especially the Daily Specials.
Good barbecue in an unexpected place.
Nailed it. Seriously, we loved and it will be back often.
Ago is a great place for amazing food and classy atmosphere! \n\n Went with a party of 6 and had $200 in coupons. Waited a while for dinner but was given free shots because of the wait. Overall great food and service.... Not cheap have coupons!
Worst service ever!!!!! I sat 15 minutes before someone asked me what I wanted to drink. After my meal, no one ever came to give me my check, I had to goto the front and pay. Very unprofessional!!!! Food was good, but I would spend my money somewhere else.
Had their all you can eat sushi. Worst dining experience in Vegas. Do not waste your money here.\n\nFood is substandard and service is slow.
I love this place. It's cheap and it's yummy. I tried beef/chicken/fish tacos and burritos and none of them let me down. My favorite is the carne asada burrito. It's big enough to fill you up and very delicious.
And this time we caught a downer.  The brisket was almost pure fat.  Tasty, but fat.  To be fair, they took it off our bill.  But they should never have sent it out of the kitchen.\n\nMaybe their up and down quality explains why they were almost empty at 1pm on a Saturday
The smoked wings are amazing! We also got the pepperoni pizza and the house salad, and both were good. On Sunday's they have $2 bloody Mary's, which makes for a great night of football.
I would give fuddruckers 4 stars, but the service at this one is outstanding! Adrian was informative and super friendly, accommodating, and honest. The Guy grilling the burgers did a great job and was also freindly and engaging. Even the dude that wiped our table was super nice.
Mike did an awesome job replacing my iPhone 5s screen, had it replaced in a mater of 5 minutes on a Saturday!  Highly recommend him!
hand wash inside and out, plus wax and rubber armor, for only 18 bulks taxes in. excellent
We are pizza lovers and I have to say Papa Murphys is by far the best we've ever had! Our favorite are the stuffed pizzas, you won't find anything like it around!
Great atmosphere and delicious food. I enjoyed the melt in your mouth steak and the creme brulee dessert. I recommend sitting on the patio. It is worth the wait. Make reservations for best seating times. Friendly and responsive staff.
The staff is very attentive and the atmosphere is welcoming. We also enjoy bringing out of town guest here because the menu has something for everyone.
Love this place. I cannot get enough of it!\nEverything is always fresh, people are nice.\nI wish they would play some different video's on the big screens, the surfing video's are getting old!
Nice bar but very quiet.  Wine by the glass selection was fair at best.
Creepy drive thru guy named Tim practically crawled out the window to tell me I had a very beautiful smile. Turned off the drive thru lights and stared at me the whole time I waited for my food. Will not be going back there again. Ever.
Yo paso por ese sitio y no habia nada dolamente pizza, pregunte por pastelillos no habian pregunte por croquetas no habian no voy mas y no lo recomiendo mejor voy a Rolys
The queue was long, the place looks rundown, nevertheless, the oxtail soup was good not great, but it was worth the wait and hype
I finally went here to eat after hearing a lot of hype. It's good, but not amazing. The food is tasty, but I was not blown away. However, for $9, you can't go wrong. I will be back.
Great service .. As always. Food was pretty  good as always ...EXCEPT!!!!!!... Ordered the lobster and we both SPIT IT OUT...then the manager essentially told us \"tough shit\"....
Had to come get my free birthday burger with my family. I had the Whiskey River BBQ burger. It was a nice size and the fries were good as usual.and we had good prompt service even though they were really busy that day.
First time there, ordered a chorizo burrito and was basically a egg, potato, cheese and a bit of ground beef. No chorizo and red salsa was horrible.  Will never return, they cannot even get mediocre flavored chorizo.
I'm a huge fan of Bosa. They are open 24 hours a day and their Bagel sandwiches don't mess around. Delicious!
This place never seems to be closed. Always open when u need them and great selection of toppings. Portions are huge and a full meal in itself. Great for a last minute cheap meal.
Loved it! If you want fresh seafood this is a MUST!! Better than Red Lobster! Mac shrimp was love at first bite!
I love this place. They have some very unique sushi but they also have some boring ones. So long as you order right, the sushi is amazing. I recommend the flaming red dragon ( i think that is what it was called). The stir fry is also superb. Service is great also.
Really enjoyed their smoothies :D
The place was pretty cool, but the food just tasted horrible. Not a fan and would not recommended this place  for people who only get a chance to eat at one or two restaurants while visiting. Try something different.
Everything was good with the food. While still finishing up with food, a lady came up to us and said :\" we have a reservation pn this table.Is there anything that I can do to help you move along?\". It was surprising because the place was empty. Another recommendation would have been to move us.
Worst service ever.... Not even busy and it takes 20 mins to put your order in and get a drink! Horrible.
This was one of the worst chinese food experiences I've had. The chicken had a stange consistency to it and the noodles tasted like they had been sitting all day. I will not be back.
There is always a line, like your at an amusement park.  They have a lot of windows, but never enough tellers!
It's a decent buffet but lacks the \"wow\" factor when it comes to presentation or varieties of foods offered.  Quality of prime roast was good and like many other Vegas buffets, had a decent selection of Asian dishes.
Payed over 1400 for bottle service and the guy upfront asked for my card even tho we were paying cash. After checking my bank statement I have been charged $15.00 a week since I left Las Vegas. Watch this place lot for scammers! Wouldn't give em ur card!
As with most Tropical Smoothie Cafe's, service was kind of slow but the food was very good. The cashier was friendly and polite. The location was clean and well-kept.
Great Food nice service great steak kind of hidden but well worth the drive +byou can buy restaurant.com to make it cheaper
Sat for 30 mins and never got any service and the place was pretty dead.
Awesome hot pastrami (high quality meat).  They use Boar's Head meat and the bread is really fresh and tastes good too! The people that work there are very polite, courteous, and friendly
Just opened-cute place, good food, great lunch specials, but there is something in the food...that makes me feel ick...I'm guessing, MSG.\nHalf of the people at my work said the same thing, half were not affected.
Great selection of wine.\nStaff is friendly and helpful\nThe Som is a amazing man to speak with.
Good show..... Good talent. Only one suggestion, and that is that they find a better way to admit people to the theater. Definitely  have drinks before you get here it's pricey!!!
Love the fresh veggies, honey & eggs!!  This is REAL food!!!  I also am crazy about the Bootlegger BBQ Sauce!! Perfect and the other sellers are awesome, too.  I would recommend this to anyone who is wanting fresh, wholesome, gmo free food!!!
The food was wonderful and the service was even better.
The jazz pianist is fantastic.\n\nOtherwise the food sucks & the place just creeps me out.\n\nBOTTOM LINE: Great piano music does not make a great restaurant
Great hangover food or breakfast for anyone craving classics or pancakes with a twist. I had a skillet breakfast and it was perfectly greasy, my friends had that day's special and the breakfast burrito. Once our food arrived we couldn't talk because we couldn't stop eating. Friend staff too!
this place is no longer in business!!!!!!!
What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas  ...unless it's delicious happy hours chicken taquito and mixed (watered down) shots!  The flavor was reminiscent of delicious but the chicken was a bit scorched on either ends.
If you want to pay $100plus for just above average food and very weird service - you can go here - would not go back - nothing was special
The store owners are personsable and welcoming. They offer bi-monthly byob paint and wine courses for $25. Ada is a lovely and pacient instructor which makes the classes a lot of fun. She even takes the time to make an impressive snack tray. I was hooked after my first class and am now a regular student. Worth checking out!
Finally good boba in Phx!
Our order was messed up twice, might of been because it was a busy Saturday night.. Hotdogs were good but nothing that you can't get a Home Depot hotdog cart but this place was worth checking out since I was in the area though since so many people have said good things about it.
We were waiting for over 1 h and,  the  bouncer whit guy and Asian guy who work s there  was cutting the line and passing ppl for $20 each  per person (side jab good money ) any way we Decide to pay him and we got in was fun
Great location, great suite (updated compared to Venetian) and a nice smaller size casino.  Would definitely stay here again.
Hibachi is not as good as other places but their sushi tastes alright.\nService was good though. I would go to Toyama or Yoshi's as they are just few miles away.
Over priced, way over priced. Don't know why folks are willing to pay so much for such mediocre food
This place has the worst food!  Chicken enchilada was awful  tasteless chicken smothered in a salty crappy sauce. Husband and so had the pork. They said it tasted like the soaked it sugar. Rice undercooked. This place doesn't even deserve one star.
Don't even bother. This place is a ghost town with less than bright servers.
Fun place. Good food, nice staff. Located in the heart of Old Montreal. Very affordable lunch with good beer specials. Would recommend it to anyone visiting the area who is looking for good affordable food and a fun atmosphere.
This place is so bad! I've tried the sides, the paninis, and the burgers and nothing was remotely good.\n\nIt gets the stars it has because it's one of the only fast service outlets at ARIA. (By the way, not all that fast).
pretty sure I called this one! It's really a sad thing the employees were not paid, there is no excuse for that. Please read the other reviews and boycott the owners other businesses.
Excellent Wine and Drink menu. Great beer selection. Excellent, friendly staff and most importantly....excellent food at very reasonable prices.
So sick I got the chorizo plate with rice and beans and now I feel sick. Never going back..... ugh
They charge for tap water.    Avoid this. You have so many choices on the strip.  Upon entering a patron pulled me aside and said avoid the Mediterranean Pasta and Mac n Roni.   How is it\nPossible to screw up Mac and cheese?
It was eh...   I though it would be better.\nThe flat noodles were the best.\nA bit overpriced for lunch items. \nThe pad thai was a disappointment and the three curry plate (level 2 in spice) was way too spicy.
Great food, atmosphere, and service! And Churn is across the street. The Parlor has some good competition!
Is this in California too? If not, it should be. It was amazing and delicious.
This store is not adequately staffed. I always have to wait to get helped in the small animals area, typically around 5-7 minutes, sometimes longer, then again in line. The staff is nice, friendly and helpful, but rarely around. They seem to have a very high employee turnover.
Based on reviews I thought the food would be excellent both in flavor and quality. We had carne asada tacos and there was almost no flavor at all. Plus, two of the tacos had big pieces of gristle that were unedible.
Went there for a late lunch.  I ordered their sirloin steak and was not impressed at all.  It was not fresh & has been frozen for too long, which gave it a grainy texture.  The steak was mediocre at best.  However, I did enjoy their salad bar and the service was good.
I went after reading the yelp reviews and I was not disappointed. Madelyn is kind and gives a great cut. It was quick and well done! Then I signed the wall! Will be back, it was only $10 for the cut.
I'd been here a number of years back, and I'm glad I came back!  Good food, great beer selection, and outstanding service (even on a busy night.)  We only went for a snack and a few beers, but I'll be going back and augmenting this review as needed!
Quick ride up the top of the tower offers great views of Montreal.  It is worth the money to buy the combo ticket with the Bio-dome
Business has closed down.
good place to eat and have a drink. Did well on the machines to.
Great gluten free pizza crust is available. I love he BBQ chix pizza so much have not tried others. Usually order wo bacon because tends to be a bit greasy w but that is just me. If your gluten free don't miss this one!
Pizza's were great, as were the appetizers, the med calzone not the top of the pops..... Let's suggest the pizza and the Stella on tap!
I have not been to every place on this strip of Forbes but I highly recommend this one.  Noodles in broth with beef is the way to go.  Deceptively simple; hard to find done right.  This place has it.  Support it.
They are overpriced, serve an average ribeye steak, and charged extra to replace a baked potato with steamed spinach.  The only reason I give DC Steak House 2 stars instead of 1 is due to the good service.
New owners.  Won't be going back. :(
I would rate this place 4.5. The food and service was great. The place itself is a little run down and older. But my husband thinks it gives it charm. The waitress was very sweet.
These guys were very helpful. I needed a serpentine belt replacement and it was almost closing time for these guys, but they still were willing to put it on for me when I was in a crunch. These guys were friendly and got right down to business. Good customer service!
The club has great music and dances.  Wednesday nights are the best night to go - $1 drinks for ladies.  It can get busy.  No cover before 10 pm though.  My only complaint is too much cigarette smoke though.  You will come home smelling like smoke.  Their ventilation system is awful.
GREAT beer, but not overly impressed by the service (which is slow) or the decor (which is blah).  I'm only giving them four stars because the beer really IS that good. Check it out.
We went on a half price Saturday. \nIn short ... lesson learned! \nPacked store! Finding help is impossible. When I did get some help, the lady was not interested in listening to me or answering my question. Store isn't very organized.
I was craving a good Italian style pizza & found it at Pino's! Roland was our waiter and he was great. Attentive even when busy. The Caprese salad was phenomenal and the calzone lived up to the reviews. Great find! Nothing fancy but great food.
The food is well made.
$9 bottle of water.  Enough said.\n\nThis place is way overpriced, too crowded, and not worth the long wait to get in.
Stopped by today to get a few things and when I was walking through the garden section I saw a baby bunny!! The girl working there said they have a bunch of them living there and that the bunny's are happy as can be... \n\nCrazy, but pretty cool...
yuck... this place was disgustingly dirty. and 5 bucks for a beer or 7 for a mixed drink... no thanks
Average food - had the worst service last night from a young man.  We were the only table in the restaurant at 8:15 - our server was rushing us out
Going out of business ... You might want to open up before 11am... Or maybe you just don't care anymore ....
Good Place to eat
Do not go here!!! The wings here gave both my boyfriend and I food poisoning! The decrepit conditions should have been a red flag along with the staff that so very obviously hate their jobs and have no pride in their restaurant. If you are opposed to vomiting all day do not step foot in this ghetto, disgusting establishment!!!
My doctor refereed me for a compounded prescription.  Aside from the drug, I am still amazed at the wonderful, personal, knowledgeable service here.  Worthwhile switching from CVS or Walgreens to here just to be treated right.
The food here is okay in comparison with another nearby sub place.  The meat is pre-sliced and comes from packages.  The bread is usually a bit on the stale side.
Great atmosphere. Employees were friendly. A lot of interesting bread types to try daily and they gave you a huge slice to sample. I had the breakfast panini and it was great. Could have used some Tobasco! Didn't get to try any of the sweets but they looked delicious.
Best Pho in Vegas!!!!! Check out the sandwiches
So glad I stopped in here for lunch on my way out of the hotel. I had a Fried Oyster Po'Boy, chips and a beer for about 25 bucks - not bad by Vegas standards. The sandwich itself was delicious. Homemade sea salt chips were an excellent side. Service was incredibly attentive - overall a great experience.
Love the staff! We had dinner and feel in love with the food. We watch Monday night football in their gaming area. They could use some more TVs and they ran out of my beer. \"Bud lite \". \nI will go back!
Spent a week exploring fancy restaurants on the Strip.  Then took my party to this place.  Well,  everyone agreed that it was the best dinner of the entire trip!  Well worth a drive.  Recommendation : come as a group and order a lot of different dishes.  Then everyone can taste everything.
Went here on a weekday night. I didn't like it and I probably won't be back.
Awful restaurant! Filled with incompetent staff and terrible management. We've been to other Logan's locations in other states and always had a good experience. We will never go back to this location
Stopped in this morning to meet some folks for coffee and it was closed. The lights were off and the sign was off the front. There was no evidence that a Paradise Bakery had ever been there. Unfortunate.
They kept me updated on every step of my vehicles repair process. Great communication throughout the whole process. When things ran a little over schedule, they took care of all of the details with the insurance company and the rental car company. Very impressed with Sarah and the whole team at Gerber.
The screens are small here compared to other movie theaters
I love this location! It's clean, well organized, doesn't smell weird, and they have a good selection of kids toys and clothes. The prices are pretty reasonable on most things and they usually are well stocked.
Excellent food, great prices.\nThe restaurant itself is a bit small and the service isn't the best but best Mexican food in Sun Priarie
Price was extreme.  He dragged it. I can only assume he wanted to extend the time on the job.   I think he did not actually perform the video inspection, but sure did charge for it.  Almost $300 was way more than I was ever charged before for similar service. Only I had visitors I would (and should have) sent him away.
We just took advantage, of the current promotion: an all day $7 Sunday Buffet.\n  As expected, the quality of the food was okay. In other words it was not bad nor great.
The customer service was rude and refused to refund our money for the night we didn't stay.
The worst Japanese food place i have ever seen. Poor hospitality, Overly priced for the amount of food they give you on the plate.. Please never go to this place... You will regret for sure... Total waste of money..
Excellent shrimp Charlotte a gumbo...very cute decor.... Lots of good spice and a great rue......highly recommend....as close to NOLA as you can get without the plane ride
Overload of gyro meat..\nTexas style gyro is yummy!\nOwner and son is awesome.\nIf you want good food come on over and yes they are busy but during lunch time because of the other office's over in the area.
Super crowded and you have to take STAIRS to access the outdoor area.  Not a particularly attractive crowd either.\n\nWent once - it was once too often.
Had my first Desert Donut this morning & can't wait to try it again! Will be bringing these to my work to share with my coworkers because they are so good I want everyone to try them!
My husband and I needed new screens and batteries for our cell phones.  They were quick to fix the issues and we felt the prices were reasonable.   The store itself is a little hidden.  It's located upstairs in case anyone gets lost!
We love this place. Dr Milne is always so calm (a plus when working with kids) and he always takes his time to explain things to me.  All of his staff is really nice and I've never had a problem with billing and as you know in this town that is definitely a rarity.
terrible
Closed.  Mixed feelings since the food tasted good, but it is always opening and closing which is scary.
Instead of gagging on CPK fare, I gagged on Ruby's egg muffin instead. At the height of the breakfast hour, I was served a rubbery egg sandwich with coagulated cheese and cold bacon. How dare they charge almost $7 for that crap!
This quaint place has the perfect small RESTURANT atmosphere\nFood was excellent too
Beautiful facility.  CEP horse shows are well run and organized. Equidome is great. They have several arenas with one indoor and two additional covered. Barns are clean.
Food was ok. Didn't understand the hype about the place though. Reminded me of chino-bandido's
Very good chinese food. The only issue I had was with the Orange Chicken and General Chow dish, as their chicken breading or oil tasted weird. The fried rice and Mongolian beef is MONEY!
Hands down the best meal I have ever eaten! We had a great 4 course meal with steaks, beef Wellington, and a dessert to die for! The service was 5 star and the staff was outstanding including accommodating us with our 6 month old son!! Never been treated better! Would fly back just to eat there!
Went there at 7:45pm on Thurs & it was closed (it's not a holiday)--it was Wed 1/10/13.
Small shop in a strip mall.  Bingsoo is so tasty with frozen yogurt!  Owner is very friendly.
Good chopped salad and the Italian beef is always tasty. The service could not be friendlier and this is similar to the Original Chicago restaurants.
If was a random place to pick but the sushi was great but the hibachi was very plain. Needing flavor there. Also the outside made us kinda reconsider going in there but hey \"don't judge a book by its cover.\" If the hibachi improves I might consider going there again.
We were in town for the Arizona State v. Wisconsin game and, of course, had to stop at State Street Brats.  Great atmosphere and good food.  One of the best places I have ever been to watch college football.
I am just in love with Starbucks and have never had a coffee or skinny vanilla latte that did not taste perfect\nThank you Starbucks for making my mornings and those extra last minute needed lattes or coffees later in the day!
...and I spent a couple of hours in our hotel bathroom that night!
This place was huge! I think you could get into a lot of trouble here;) my only complaint was that the bartenders made sure the poured exactly the 1oz pour! Great for the owner, bade for the customers!
Pros: DELICIOUS, great selections, great prices.\n\nCons: long wait, small space, rude phone etiquette- that guy sounded like I disturbed his sleep. Waited 30min for one order.
The best Hawaiian food in phoenix. We go about 2 to 3 times a month. I always am impressed with how nice the young kid at the register is. I always get the special and have left overs for lunch. Thanks for the good food.
Food is okay for a sports bar.  Not the best and not the worst.  The place tends to be really loud so having a conversation can be a challenge.  Nice selection of sporting events on the tv.
I regret not trying their beef noodle soup (main dish) because the dishes we ordered,  chicken leg with rice and noodle with meat sauce (Zha Jiang Mian) are definitely below average. Because of the lousy dishes we ordered, we are doubtful about going back for their beef noodle soup.
Im honestly confused on what this place is? Its half deli/ half pizza? With weird movie posters on the wall? Ive had the pizza before, its OK. The place always seems to be a mess though, something a good days cleaning would help.
One star-- should be half a star! yah this place sucks big time! totally! im\nnever coming back here! Imagine servers shouting at each other.. Food sucks!!! They even gave me the bill while were still eating.. how nice! Goodluck on who ever eats here..
Not a bad place, BUT if the internet is important to you, the internet connection is horrible there!!!!   Please upgrade your internet!!!!!
Went here because of a Groupon.  $14 for 14\" five topping, bread sticks, and two pints domestic.  Great deal, great service, but for a pizza place the pizza was very sub par.
This is really a gem in market square and my go-to place for sushi. The owners are great and the sushi is pretty good and consistent.
Food and service very good.   Overall we love decor but place is getting run down.   Many seats have large  tears which look terrible.   I hope they fix this ASAP.
Very nice place, Ate on outdoor patio. Shared a bottle of really good Riesling wine. All the food we had was very good.
Food is pretty good, but the service is horrible. My waiter could not remember our order. After the meal was finished, he finally brought out my wife's steak. They also consistently forgot to bring drinks. Great name and good food, but they fell short today.
Free parking, Wednesdays 3-9pm free admission, what a great way to spend an afternoon! I was quite impressed that they have such an impressive and diverse collection.
Great Thai offerings.  Get the Tottie spring rolls.  Four tasty rolls that you roll in fresh lettuce, cilantro and mint. Good to share for a couple.  Dinner after that will fill you up. Wonderful Asian decore and pretty decent, but not great service.
this food will blow your mind out!!! THE BEST ITALIAN FOOD ever made by italians in LV. We come here to indulge ourselves and wish we could swim in their marinara sauce.  I want to bath in the sauce!
Overpriced drinks, overpriced entry, long wait for the drinks... The music is great, and it's a good spot to go once, just to say you did... but not not worth hanging there or spending the $$ there...
Typical sports bar but a good place to watch a game and enjoy a great meal. Garlic Knots are tasty. The pizza is fantastic!!
Best event on the PGA Tour.
They have some really cool beers...more than your typical selections. That's worth 5 stars alone. Food has been great and the patio has a chill vibe. Very awesome place
Wow, this place is packed.  Love the beer in Mason jars, and the live country music.  But  a very super random crowd.  (To the fat girl in assless chaps, uh, no).  \n\nNo cover, hard to find upstairs in a cheap hotel past an escalator.
Service is still great and fast. Looks like they have done some renovations since the last time I was there. More stations and flat screen tv's. .nice..\nNYE nails..
Worked at the Kmart across the parking lot... My coworkers got a burrito there, and found a bug in it!! Ewww!
Good place for an event.  The skywalk was way out of the way, though
The New owner updated the entire shop. New chairs, sinks and decor. They were great. I took my son there for a haircut before he went to have his team pictures done. It was quick and a great job too. The price was right as well. I can not wait to come back and get a haircut and a shave.
I wish I didn't live so far from downtown because id come here all of the time! Their gelato is so rich and creamy. They have unique flavors but they all taste pretty damn well. I say it is a bit pricey for a scoop or two, but hey I guess it's worth it!
The food is just not good. The crabs legs are so skinny. I should have gone some where else.
I was unsure about this place because of location but it was very good. The service was excellent! Food and pricing were good.
One of the last \"old\" hotel/casino's on the strip.  I am frankly very surprised that they haven't demolished this place yet to put up a super duper hotel.
Bleh. Bland, tasteless pizza, squishy pasta, watery sauce. The service was lackluster and the music is LOUD. Such a bummer, since it is so close to my house.
Very rude staff. I went with a group of friends - mostly couples and asked for a table. One of the guys in a suit acting all freakin important tells me to buy a bottle worth $450 to get a table. The worst place I have been to in Vegas so far!
I LOVE casino coffee shop food!!   It is what it is, so there are NO complaints.  Omelets, hash-browns, toast and coffee--all went down smooth!
Had there moolas yesterday.  Excellent, will drive here to get them again, the al pastor was dripping with flavor.
Really good pizza and wings. The pizza was def a hit! I do recommend this place and they have a full size arcade inside. Great place to bring the kids or to simply sit down and have done drinks. The service us friendly.
It was convenient as a guest at the Wynn, but overall (seeing my friends' orders) it was not very impressive. The corned beef skillet which was ok but the eggs, which I requested over easy, was not well made.
Awesome.  Awesome.  Awesome.\n\nThe \"cleanest\" pulled pork I've ever had.  A choice of 4 sauces.  Great sides that aren't fries!  Ribs to die for.  UNSWEET tea!  What a wonderful little hole in the wall.
Fantastic sushi and wonderful happy hour!
i had corn beef hash with eggs. it wasn't fresh corn beef hash, boo. it was nice late brunch with the girls and hit the spot. really good toast and good smoothies. the restaurant was super close to our hotel, embassy suites.
I ordered online to use the $5 off $10 coupon. By the time I got home -- 3 miles away -- my fries were ice cold and my Blast was soup. This was my first time going to Sonic and it'll also be my last.
The most bland, expensive soup I have ever had.
Decent food for the price. Not the best atmosphere. But overall, not a bad choice for a casual meal.
This place is so fun. Go when Lit Up is playing. Awesome 80's cover band and they draw a huge, interesting crowd. Cheap drinks and fun for all. Grab a shot and relax to some of the best bands in Arizona. Staff is attentive and fun. Give this place a try!
The staff are friendly. The waiting room is very clean. The diagnose was accurate and honest with a list of suggestion of services. There is no pressure. I will go back.
It was pretty great, and the price was what you'd expect in Vegas. The whiskey works there too
food was great, but we had a bad waitress, very unpleasant. We think her name was lizz. She had a bad attitude, ordered hot wings as an appetizers & she brought the plates 10 minutes after we were done. Took forever & day to cash out.
Went in for the Princess Platter with my wife and very much enjoyed the meal.  Service was good, we would certainly return
I love firkin- you can always get a table. Good options for bar food and the best part is the unending list of tap beers. Nothing fancy but a great place to hang out and catch the game.
Why is this place called the Wisco? Sign outside says Willy St Pub....\n\nQuintessential dive bar. Cheap drinks, decent bar food, dark and dingy, a couple tvs, loud bands, outdoor patio with volleyball! Cash Only!
I'm probably not the best judge here.  I really enjoy the bar.  It's small and easy to talk with people.  The food is average...but I like the place overall.
Breakfast fritata which came to me undercooked and not even warm. Cannot recomend at all. Been good in the past, but they tanked this morning.
Came here for the Belgian waffles, and we were not disappointed. Very good waffles. The whole family enjoyed it, would certainly be back.
Not structured .... Employees complaining against each other .... Pizza not sliced .. ... Kitchen dirty just bad .
You will definitely get a kick out of this place. Lots of fun and friendly staff. They also have a giant jenga block set,
Food were ok.  Nothing to brag about.  Service was a bit hard to get.  Typical Asian service I guess.
Love coming to this place on a Thursday evening for the live music and solid food.
My favorite ribs in town.\nFree breakfast on the weekends, awesome service.\n\nWhat else can you ask for? : )
From Chicago and of course my favorite sandwich is an Italian beef. This place is better than Portillos and can stand up proud to Al's. Fun Chicago memorabilia. Little pricey for beefs and fries.
Food is okay when they get your order right! I think forced labor gives better customer service but at least the location is convenient.
Poor service, bland food, no TVs to watch game. Avoid at all costs.
My daughter had three different rashes.  The doctor refused to look at the pictures on our phone or touch my daughter.  She told us to keep taking the medicine our pediatrician gave us and come back later ; ushering us out.  Very sad and frustrating.
Worst bar ever ... Music was local bad love them however the bartenders SHADY AS FFFF.. Charge there own tips and told me they don't serve water... Won't ever go back to this bar
Loved the shrimp tacos here!!! They were super tasty and had just the right amount of spice to them. The order comes with 3 tacos, chips and guacamole...good amount of food for the price! The atmosphere of the restaurant is really fun too and I got great service.
By far, this is the best place for not only food, but atmosphere and music.  The food is divine.  The restaurant is first class and the owners are like your best new friend.  I love this place! Will always bring my family, friends and even by myself.  I am always treated great.  Treat yourself!
Worst dim sum ever... Open at 11 but no baked buns till noon. Fishy shrimp har gow....   The list goes on. Get me outa here now!
Gotta agree with Paul R. on this one. There is a fine line between dive bar and just and letting yourself go. Sadly, I think Bikini has toppled head first in a bad direction... All things considered, gotta love the cheap PBR pitchers.
Cannoli best I ever had. Veal piccata was fabulous as was risotto... wonderful dinner!!!\n\nService was fantastic attentive and prompt!
Horrible food. Place was very noisy, couldn't hear each other talk. Ordered their fettuccine alfredo, looked like a cream of fettuccine soup. Very bland.
Peanut butter ice cream with salted caramel drizzle...could there be anything better in life?!
i have a love-hate relationship with this club. but the more i come here the more i like it. the music is always good. vip guestlist usually gets us free cover and open bar from 930-1030. drinks are always poured with a heavy hand which makes it sooooo worth it.
I started making mead a couple of years ago, and the staff here was very helpful and answered questions. My favorite thing about this place is that it is one of the only brew stores that hasn't treated me like I were a lost child. I just love this place.
Got my little car smashed from \"stem to stern\". Then I lost my keys for about 20 minutes. Bad day but driver #60 was Quik, friendly and patient with me. Like others said hope I don't have to use them again but if I do.....
I hate to give bad reviews, but I just can't seem to have an enjoyable experience at this place.  Great spot to stop for a quick beer, but other than that the food isn't good, the service is very sub par, and the bar area is to small and crowded. Some renovations might do this place some justice.
Cool decor (as you would expect in Vegas). I had the beef chow fun and the noodles themselves were good but the dish overall was pretty bland. All of the other food that was put out on tables next to me didn't look too impressive either. Not impressed.
Like the family owned business and I'm all for mom and pops places.. Bt I have to say its totally greasy..... Sorry not again....
If you end up in  Henderson for any reason, stop by this little gem. Excellent quality sushi, classic and innovative rolls.  Unagi sashimi is delicious. Highly recommended!
Great car wash. Perfect location along with there other locations valleywide. Great prices for excellent washes. Only place i go customer servie is outstanding and courteous. 2 thumbs up all around
Really good place to eat. Burgers are good and the sandwiches too. Their hot dogs are grilled not steamed, way better that way.  The owner is real a real hospitable, friendly guy.
Finally, some great pizza in the south end area.  The pizza is awesome, New York thin crust and its a great atmosphere.  The beer prices are a little high in my opinion but its still a great place.  The people are really nice and we enjoy going back there all the time.
***** RETAIL LOCATION CLOSED *****\n\ngrrrrr!  Retail location closed.  Their 20yr catering business is still in full swing, but their retail shop is closed.  Sucks.
My best girl friend bar tends there and her parent s that own the place are super awesome the mom makes the best Beef jerky. .. lol the drinks are good and good deals food is good 1 of my favorite spots..
A good place to go when you are shopping downtown and you do not really want to venture out to try something new and interesting.  It is always really good service and the dishes are always ok.
Worst tasting buffet ive ever been too, id much rather eat hometown buffet this this crap
Awesome coconut smoothie!!!
Save your money. I got a deal 2 people for $30 and I still felt like it was a waste of money.
basically i love this place, I go in after midnight, The Gym is very clean and the staff is nice and friendly. I have noticed the cell phone Police, Dropping weight, grunting and gallon jugs rule are not enforced after midnight.. not a big deal to me, but I have seen so people very put off by this.
The sushi is great. Everytime I go the staff is friendly and very helpful. Downside the price is a little high.
We were in the neighborhood of Ohana and wanted good food fast; not fast food.  We ordered the reg. Chicken Katsu plate, bbq chicken plate and the teryaki bowl.  All were good and had more than an ample amount of food.  I will go out of my way to frequent this restaurant when I crave Hawaiian food.
I stop for their great coffee every morning -- and only drive by when I can't manage to get a parking spot.  LGO also has really great unique gifts that have come in handy for Mother's Day, Christmas and \"just because\" cards and notes.
Small, smelly, and an embarrassment for a SkyClub.
Slow service. No napkins. Hummus was bland and the crackers were plain and grainy. Ordered the Hot-Wa-ii and was met with bland and unflavored pizza. Doused in Parmesan and red pepper flakes it became edible. No real saving grace here. Avoid this place.
Seats were in the very back of the theater, if you want decent seats call the individual venues, we had better luck at about the same price and had much better seats.
The food here is always decent. I highly recommend the mousaka dish. I find though, for the kind of atmosphere, location, and level of service, it's a bit overpriced. I find that the waits are longer than expected (after ordering) and meals come out one at a time, as opposed to together.
Huge Dbacks fan! Love the stadium but there are a few things that are lame. This place will not let you in for free after the 7th inning like many other spring training stadiums. Still love Dbacks though but this irritates me!
Once located in the Frontier Hotel it is now located in the Treasure Island (TI).  BBQ menu, live music, karaoke and mechanical bull.
Driving from Utah to Los Angeles and needed a place to eat. The yelp reviews were right on!!! The food was excellent and guys were very friendly. Definitely hitting this place up the next time in Vegas.
HORRIBLE owner, learn some customer service skills please!!!
5 stars for what it is.  Go every week for muffin and coffee.  My favorite...Morning Glory muffins.  So bright, sunny, happy place to wake up.  Love sitting outside with the dog.  Lunches are very good, also.
You get what you pay for when it comes to their pizza. It used to be ok now it's just not worth it. Try re-heating the leftovers and the cheese takes on a consistency of caramel and tastes awful. I would not recommend this to anyone.
Mediocre food probably a decent bar.
I'm holding off in writing this full review until I hear from the owner or someone else whom is able to make me feel better about giving this place more of my money...
Great ceviche!!!!\nFish tacos were fresh and tasty.  \nService was fast and friendly. \nFelt like I was bk in Ensenada on spring break ;)
Brought five pairs of dress/work shoes in to be shined and cleaned up, the finished product was satisfactory.  Price was very competitive but it was cash only which wasn't very convenient.
Amazing food!!! Love how they mix things up and really friendly owner. A+ restaurant. Always eat here at least 3x a week on my lunch break. Great serving of food. Will recommend to everyone...
My 2nd time eating here- fun and bright with great food and service.  As a vegetarian I have tons of options and brought a \"glutton free\" friend who also had no trouble finding something to eat.  They serve Cartel coffee which is amazing!
Ive been to a few different cheynes and this one is definitely my favourite. All the staff are very nice including reception and its not too loud/busy.\n\nThe only bad thing is the price as its very expensive.
Nice option for chain Mexican food.  Nothing to get super excited about but not bad either.  We will keep coming here whenever we want a nice Mexican meal because there aren't many Mexican places that are better than this in the area...
Upstairs is better. The downstairs part is kinda ghetto.
I like how they have the \"skinny\" option where it costs less to get a sandwich without the lettuce mayo etc I never get those anyway and its nice to save a $1.
Surprisingly good. Good wait staff. Chicken and waffles is a winner.
Car looks better than the day i bought it!\n\nGot a full wash & wax on my K5 today. Paint looks and feels amazing, interior is super clean. Turned me into a regular for sure!\n\nKeep up the good work!
Love this place!  We visit Las Vegas twice a year and always include a visit to the Grand Lux. Have never had anything but an excellent meal.  I now must eat gluten-free and they accommodate me very well.
Super chill bar right by my house, they also serve wine. And they just opened, check it out!
Finally, a pancake place to fill the gap left by The Original Pancake House after they left the Hilldale area.
This by far is one of my favorite coffee houses. \n\nThe service is great, the coffee is really good & the food is delicious.  I recommend the breakfast sandwiches on a bagel.
pizza hut sucks
Have you ever \"called\" this location...??? I thought I had called an adult training school.... I really dont think they should let them answer the phone at all.... ugh....no good
Food is absolute garbage. Came out stale and cold. A completely unsuccessful rip-off of Pete's.
Food was meh. Just wanted the corn on the cob from the photos. It's bar food nothing worth writing about ;)
My daughter has been going here for over 7 years. They always makes sure she is comfortable. They educate her on how to take care of her teeth. The staff are very friendly. They always take time with you and give personalized service. And it's great that she rewards the kids for good grades!
The buffet is limited for the price. If u have car venture to M casino studio B breakfast or lunch buffet m- th. For a good deal there.\n The waiter/server was top notch, food was okay nothing to write home about or worth the wait. Will not return...
Fantastic!!!! Lasagna is fabulous, spaghetti and meatballs was fantastic, and the breakfast dish is to die for! Great atmosphere, service and food. The hidden bar is intimate and fun. My favorite restaurant!!!?
good chicken, good service!!
I don't see the hype. It seems like a hipster hangout.There is no carmel macchiato.The services was not top notch.wasted 6 bucks.......its a shame
I have never sold coins before so based on thier name i Went here to see what they would offer me for a late 1800's $5 gold coin offered me less than the gold value. Nice looking place with fancy equipment but at the end of the day the price is the important thing.
Service at The Noodle Shop was good, our server was very attentive. Servings are family style and the price is reasonable, we had order the typical.\n\nBeef and Broccoli: delicious!!\nFried Rice: bland\nChow Mein: oily and bland
After some thought about my original review, I realize that we could have asked for extra shampoo and conditioner. There were 6 of us after all (thanks Daniel L. for pointing this out to me). Duh. So I won't ding them for our stupidity.
Between the servers talking crap about patrons or the servers kids running around my table and honestly its about the homeliest staff ive ever seen i cant go back. The servers need to shut up and the person who hires needs to be fired
Horrible experience. Make sure and read everything because they will lie to you about what you are signing in order to make some extra money.
Their burrito's are huge and a great value.  what more can you ask for!
Great fun. Enjoy the live blues bands that come through. There is even dancing which is fun. Small intimate feel.
Desserts are fantastic, soup is great. Service not too stuffy but they are a bit \"on you\" the whole time.
Not much on the menu. Staff was clueless and drinks tasteless. Seems they mainly use girls with too much make-up, tight dresses and high heels (that most can't walk with properly) to draw in customers. Won't go back.
The food was okay. The noise level--with 10 people in a huge room--deafening. Awful acoustics!
worth the half off tues. guys... real cheese in those shakers. nuff said.
meat is not fresh, the fish smells like over 80 years old. So terrible
As of 7/23/08 this location is closed.  It is being turned into a new business, a Korean fusion style restaurant.  According to the new owner, the business shut down about 6 months ago.
Great breakfasts and mimosas!  One of the few good places to have breakfast in Gilbert.
Nice place...we waited 20 minutes to get seats! But the food was very good. The staff were so friendly...
The two star is ONLY because I love hooters food...seriously the b*tchiest waitress I have ever encountered. The place was empty and she didn't even seem like she wanted a table! Will not be back to this location...ever.
Short and to the point.\n\nEvery sushi joint disappoints after eating at Yama Sushi.  Get the seafood salad, just thinking about it makes my mouth water!\n\nAvoid late Fri. and Sat. night unless you wanna wait for an hour or so.
One of the FEW remaining places that do a straight hot shave. There are other locations of V's around Phoenix who have entertainment guide coupons, this one is the one that doesn't (just my luck of course)
You need to know the difference between a suite and a room. A room is the guest portion of a suite !!!!!!! If you want a nice room and decent custom service STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE !!!!!!!!!!!!
Terrible service,rude staff, rude manager...will never,ever give kona grill my business. Waited over an hour for a table at happy hour, informed all staff we were waiting for table. Watched multiple times as other people stole tables that opened up. Staff and manager did not care and were rude.
Only bad thing is very small seating area. Crusts are amazing, I had garlic herb. Large $5 can't beat it. I can tell their business is 90% delivery but I'd still stop by and pickup again!
Good drinks,, an ok service. But I have had better steak at a fast food joint. An for thoose crazy prices geeezzz you should be ashamed don an charlie!! 70 bux for two sub par steaks and salads.....No thanks.
The service was fast, meat portion of the order was on the smaller side for the price you pay, bread was good, food was very bland almost no flavor, there are much better options in Vegas for this type of food, don't think I'll be back to this place again. Had higher expectations but was let down.
It's not a Market District but it works in a pinch. Nice bakery, not great mind you. Good Latino, Italian, and seafood sections. It's small by todays supermarket standards.
Bland blah blah ... People have to be crazy giving rave reviews . Tried many items on the menu, no stand outs !!
Not a bad buffet, but not that great either.  Nothing noteworthy as far as food items for lunch.  Decent selection but kinda pricey when compared to Buffet Asia or Krazy Buffet.  There were many tour buses that would come and go, dropping off tour groups to the restaurant.
***UPDATE***  Six months later and my alternator is doing just fine.  This business tried to scam me for sure.
Went here on two nights where it was pretty empty on BOTH nights, but walked by Sat night and saw so many people out on the patio. Wonder if it was Carrie Underwood fans or something since she had just performed nearby?!
The chile relleno--the standard by which all Mexican food restaurants should judged due to the difficulty in preparation--was soggy with a bland ranchero sauce and stuffed with cheese that quickly solidified into a chewy slug. Stick to the tasty mole sauce, which covered some dry chicken stuffed enchiladas.
Great pizza! The wait can be long so hit it up when college is out.
Nice place and really nice owners! The chaat and dessert/sweets are just awesome. However, too many times overcharging errors leave a bad taste.
Always do an awesome job. I typically get the $3 wash but I get the hand wax every couple months. They work fast and do a great job, I don't go anywhere else now.
YES. I love this place. It goes in my burger hall of fame. Lots of burgers and all of them are high quality. There Kobe beef burger has set the standard by which hamburger meet is now judged in my opinion.
Absolutely the best Mexican food in Las Vegas!  We always stop here when we are in town and it never disappoints!  Juan has hot to be one of the waiters I've ever had.  Upbeat and fun!  Great food!  All around great time!
I had the BBQ brisket, and it was pretty good.\nThe bartender was a little snotty, but our waiter was awesome.
Very knowledgeable and helpful. I went in for a surety bond and he made it very easy and even provided useful tips to help me out. Definitely going to be getting insurance here when my policy is close to an end.
Such an awesome place. Great wine, great food, and awesome staff. My friends and I had a birthday dinner here. The wine and beer was delicious and the food was phenomenal. I'm so happy to have this place on my list of places to regularly visit.
MGM buffet, average at best, with large selection. Nothing really stood out worth remembering other than nice assortment of little deserts.
I emailed this review to a manager via Caesar's website, and received essentially no follow-up, other than \"thanks for the feedback.\"  While I understand that there is no obligation to issue a credit/refund, an apology would have been appreciated, particularly as this was a dinner for a special event.
Took forever to sing one song. Was not a regular, but dang.
$7 for a cup of coffee, really?
I don't come here to eat much, I usually come for the beer cave. Best build-your-own six pack joint in the city!
Not impressed I will try again. I believe in second chances. Amazing service that's all I can say food didn't do anything for me.
It's really a poo. We've waited more than 1 HOUR to order, and the food is disgusting. After then, we are forced to add tips!!! I wonder how this restaurant can exist so long time and receive so many positive feedbacks. It's totally a joke.
This place isnt anything to write home about.  I had the lobster and crab coob salad.  Was pretty bland and the service was slow.  If your drunk and its late, I guess it would do.
Pharmacy staff and service are terrible. Slow and rude. I transferred my prescript else where after waiting 45 min to be counseled on a script I've been taking for 8 years! So not necessary....
Had a pretty good pizza from here
This place isn't too bad, found an awesome Donkey Kong t-shirt in the men's section. There seems to be more selection for men then there are for women. Not much on shoe selection. Doesn't smell stuffy and musty like most thrift stores, at least not yet...
Original, Extra Horseradish sauce, Worcestershire Steak Sauce amazing!\n\nBest sandwiches in Vegas!
I'm a huge fan of rustic, delicious pizza and Il Bosco is \"winning\"!  In the same style as Pizzaria Bianco and Pizza-a-Metro, this place is small, intimate and does pizza the best way. \n\nTotally worth the visit.
This place is okay, slightly over rated. Their menu has a small selection and is fine for people looking for a limited selection of steak and seafood entrees. \nThe atmosphere is nice (a little dark) which some people enjoy the dark firelite feel. I personally like to see what I am eating.
Onion Rings.  Quite simply the best I have ever tasted.  Everything else on the menu is good, too!  Go for Happy Hour and you can get domestic draft beers in HUGE frosted mugs for a very cheap price!  We will definitely be going back soon.
Hands down my favorite Mexican restaurant in Vegas. The Service is always excellent. Food always fresh. I really have nothing bad to say about this place. Each time I always received the best food and service.
Clean fun casino with a hearty buffet. Well-priced and good food. Recommended as a dependable buffet, especially for a casual lunch.
This place is great. The Pizzas are single serving or post salad and some of the best Pizza Ive ever had. Salads are good and and service is excellent. \n\nKeep it Simple Stupid\nKISS
Quality has gone down hill, dim sum is not good as it used to.  Greasy and low quality.  too bad bc I used to love this place.  My family has been going here for at least 8 or 10 years now.
beer is good. food is not.
Had the brisket sandwich with bacon and haystack onion rings, so good! Atmosphere was just like a BBQ joint should be. Server was very nice! We will be going back!!!
Food is great a little skimpy on portions but great flavors.  We got 4 meat choice deal and for 20 + dollars I think there should be more.  Sides are small also but tasty not sure if I'll be back but maybe for a lunch need more food for dinner
What can I say about this place . Food is amazing . From appetizer all the way to the deserts . I brought my parents here for their anniversary and they loved it . I highly recommend this place .
Worst staff and rude people at the front desk. They did not care about patient care or service. Never got a chance to see the actual doctors there but we were done after dealing with the ladies up front to make a simple appointment. Went to see another cardiologist at Cedars Heart Center.
Great food, awesome service from Ramon. Appetizer, main course, and desert all perfect. The menu looks so good we are already talking about returning and discussing what we want to try. I don't know how this place remained elusive for so long.
SOOO GOOD!! A wonderful atmosphere and fun place to hang out and grab amazing rolls or a few apps. They always stay busy so I do recommend calling ahead!
Pretty awesome food. Had the gyro, greek fries, and salad. The calamari was alright, was not too impressed. Customer service was good. Parking is kind of hard depending on time of visit. Quick service though! Definitely coming back!
YAYO TACO is my FAVORITE PLACE!\n\nMy boyfriend and I are addicted to these tacos. We first saw this place on Food Network's, Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. The atmosphere is amazing and the selection of alcohol is the best in town!!
Gerald Sanchez goes above and beyond in providing the best pool service available.  Gerald provides attention to detail and does the job the right way, no matter what is involved.  He treats your pool as if it were his own, and definitely leaves it in better shape than even before you had a problem.
Everything is great except for the fried wings. The wings are very bland and have no flavor. The BBQ WAS Incredible, the beans, mashed potatoes, gravy, and oh the onion strings are incredible.
Beautiful, gorgeous, you can not get tired of seen this marvelous man made attraction, definitely a most see experience!!!!
we enjoy las vegas grille. the food is outstanding plus they have great lunch special. bbq ribs are excellent, and the jerk chicken was great. i shall return. keep up the good work.
6/12/12\n\nDNA is closed :( I wish i knew why
My very good friend had a birthday party for her son tonight at this location.  The pizza was okay,  a little on the greasy side.  It's the first time in a long time that I had to dab my pizza with a napkin.  Everything else was great.  Chris, the server helping us provided excellent customer service
Order 2 overpriced trees. My main problem is not getting any responds from them. Hopefully this third email will get their attention.  I say this is bad service. Products could be much better and fair priced
Incredible burger, good happy hour prices, and the NFL network? All within walking distance of my apartment? What did I do to get so lucky?!
Excellent, excellent, excellent.  Consistently wonderful service and food.
This is a nice classy place to go for some awesome happy hour and play bocce ball!  Seriously!  And it's not a dive bar.  It has a great atmosphere, everyone is friendly, and they let me get half fries half onion rings at no additional price!  Yeah!  ;)   This is my new favorite place
Maybe biased since we paid only $120/night, but pretty awesome. Rooms are like mini suites, crisp modern look/feel, valet included, free wifi. Highly recommend as long as you're ok with no casino.  Bellagio and Aria casinos are just 5 minute walk though.
Great massage from Ben. I woke up and could hardly move my neck and made a same-day appointment for trigger-point massage. He was very professional and made a HUGE difference in my neck pain. I will definitely make this a monthly habit.
Do not go here!\n\nI walked out after 5 minutes. The lady was hacking up phlegm, covering her mouth, but then using the same hands on my face! Disgusting!
A favorite everytime I am in town...lemony feta fries are AWESOME.  Gyro salad never disappoints.  I highly recommend this place for fresh, delicious food.
No longer stressed!!! After running around and wasting gas at all \"the other\" carpet places this should of been my first stop!!! Scott was VERY helpful!! Great place to go !
this is my first time being here so 3 stars.. Food was quick, not sure if i like that or not... most places ive been to i usually wait about 5-8 mins... but i will try it again... Portions are about what i expected for a lunch special
Bought the groupon a couple months ago for 3 Supreme washes. Ended up redeeming one of the vouchers today. No attention to detail. Lint and swirls all over my paint as well as dirty water spots. Interior was still dirty in areas where they missed.
the food is amazing, I've tried almost all the foods there. Every visit there, I'm never disappointed. The owners and workers there are the nicest people I know. This is definitely on my favorite places to eat list.
Great beer selection!  Food is excellent and well priced.
The service is hit or miss, either great or terrible. If you ask for soy it either is made wrong or has clumps in it.
Classy, edgy, innovative, inspiring.
This place sucks.. Pho itself is ok not super.however, workers here sucks... They messed up our order so one of us had to wait while rest of us were eating. Also, food comes out so late here. No fried rice until 5pm.. Wtf!!!
Sake Bomb!!!  Sunday night this place has the best happy \"hour.\"  All night happy \"hour!\"\nAverage tempanyaki food, but great service and very clean and great for big parties.
Just hoping next time...I actually get to eat : /
Food is okay, but service is way too inconsistent. Service ranges from average to well below average and there is no rhyme or reason for the inconsistency. However, I love the Tuesday night music, so I am reluctant to say I won't return, but the service here definitely gives me little reason to.
Food was ok, but very rude staff here, never coming back again
Not coming back. Unappreciative (not saying thank you), energy just not good. There are too many other places to have to deal with the bad, again.
They play a lot of independent films here.\n\nI love the Regal  card. We always get free popcorn, soda, and tickets because we go to the movies a lot and we always use our card.
I wanted so much to love this place and tried it on multiple occasions.  But alas, it's just ok.\n\nService is fine.  Bartenders are friendly.  Food is solid, but not exceptional.  Never had anything bad, but never had anything memorable either.  And the cocktails always disappointed.
Had some halo halo and it was good.  Hard to find but worth it for Filpino fast food.
I went here after reading the reviews here but my visit was disappointing. Maybe it was because I went when it was slow but the food tasted old and the sinigang was way too salty.
What a treat!! Sooo decadent. \nWe stopped for a snack and then couldn't even think about dinner. \nDelicious hot cocoa.
The owner does not care about the employees.  Reducing hours to PT to alleviate paying health insurance and vacation time.  Great staff area leaving.  The pricing and markup is also incredible!\n\nGo somewhere else that supports employees.
terrible customer service! wish I had read all the negative reviews here before booking a room because they are all accurate. the hotel doesn't come close to providing a boutique experience or the amazing experience they claim to provide on their website. don't be fooled, not even worth the headache for a cheaper rate! will never stay here again.
Customer service is always quick and friendly \nBotanas are to die for the churros locos and the ice cream truly taste like Mexico
Very well prepared tasty food. The wheat pancakes are a favorite.  Order at the kitchen window and find a seat (try to get one by the window).  8 am Saturday was still a good time before the lines formed.
Fantastic dentist! The entire staff is extremely nice and Dr. Houroni is top notch. I'm so thankful to have found such a great dentist in the area. I refer all my friends and family here!
Rude cashier.  If you don't like your job, quit. Piss poor attitude over the bag of chips double scanning.  Really?  Wow. Gas is a good price, just the attitude of the man in the booth is bad.
Seems to want to be O. But it did have good effects, music and talented artists. However, the actual story is lacking coherency and things aren't as stemless as a Cirque show.
AWESOME Stop! Loved the Chicken BBQ Pizza, Fresh salad, Onion Rings.. its making my mouth water just typing this. They have a great atmosphere, and really interesting bathrooms. :) A MUST STOP if you're in there area!
Love this place! Very affordable massages and facials. Staff is very professional and everything is very clean. I would defiantly recommend anyone to go here over Massage Envy. They have monthly packages just like Massage Envy but don't lock you down or have hidden fees.
Super expensive and the waiter is not nice at all.
I went here for a birthday party on Saturday and there were two old drunk chicks fingerbanging on a couch. Classy joint!
I visited Haze the week of the Restaurant and NightLife Convention. It's a really big club with lots of room, almost as if it's a maze..But, Very slow bartenders... Oh, and their Grey Goose 1 liter cost more than XS... what's up with that?
I came this past weekend for a quick dinner there was hardly anyone in the restaurant , and it took us 20 mins to be seated and the hostess was very rude. The food was good but they need to work on there customer service .
I think I've eaten about half the lunch menu here and have yet to be disappointed. Friendly staff, great food. I would definitely recommend the red curry or pad prik king...or the spicy noodle.
Good food, good service and good location.  Nothing great about the place, but nothing bad about it either.
CAREFUL!! DONT BUY ANYTHING.  They don't refund even their products give allergies. Their staff will push you around and lie. Wasting ur time
Food was ok. I didn't care about the ambience.
Ok where to start!! I love sushi but not from here..I always order tempura shrimp roll but something about theirs didn't taste right .the veggie tempura was the best I ever tasted..I just may give them a second chance so I can have more veggie tempura!!
Love this place, the salads are fresh and the food fantastic, the new management is very kind, must try.
Everytime I order here or stop in and eat it's been great food. The only thing is the service there is really hit and miss so ill give a 4 overall. 5 on food and 3 on service
If I could give it a zero rating I would. We ordered a Dutch Mary (Bloody Mary with Ketel One), they put one ounce, yes one ounce of Ketel One in a 16 ounce glass filled with tomato juice. Total rip off, I suggest you frequent another bar.
F\u00fcr mich der beste Grieche der Stadt. Essen schmeckt immer wieder sehr gut und der Preis stimmt auch. Kann das Lokal nur empfehlen.
Yummy food! Prices maybe a bit high but the staff are nice and the restaurant itself is cool!
The best pediatric dentist ever!!!  My kids just love it here!!!  Staff is very professional and kind!!!  Office is very clean and child friendly!!!
Great full service at the bar. Good food ordered sushi.  Staff was attentive.  Kept my drink full. And very nice.  I'd go back for sure! Not bad for the price.
poor seating arrangements but the comedians were funny
Space Age Paint is hard core and I'll leave it at that. :)
Complete lack of respect for peoples time. Dirty office and a staff that has even less respect for their patients! Don't waste your time waiting here you'll spend less time waiting and get better care in an er!. I have been waiting 1hr and 30 mins past my 2nd appointment. Dr didn't even know why I was there!
We stop here everytime we are in town to visit my brother-in-law.  We don't have these back home and we love their burgers and fries.
While shopping, this morning, the employee stocking the end caps with ready to eat sandwiches and etc. continuously leaned into the end caps, over the food, to blow her nose. So gross.
Worst airline ever. You get charged for everything even water. Smallest seats ever. Rude attendants. I swear this plane is older than I am. Will NEVER fly spirit again.
We liked Crush Lounge better than Christopher's. I guess that means we liked the smaller plates and appetizers better than the entrees. And it's a little pricey if you just kind of like the food. Probably not going to return.
I have to say I am impressed. The food is so fresh and cooked perfectly. I am a fan and for all you That work out hard, Wes the owner knows how to feed the Paleo meals that want you to keep stixking to this diet! Great job Fresh Pasta team!
One star is being generous when rating wag n wash. The first time we took our dogs for grooming they did a good job. The second time an absolute nightmare. My 9 year old King Charles Cavalier was completely shaved.  This groomer was reckless and should be fired.
Not bad but very commercialized....would be nice to have authentic here at the airport. I'm sure that's to much to ask in this fast paced environment.  Beer was great!
Great place and great food. I enjoy the bbq pork sandwich, thai tea and banana delights!
Service was quick, but quality wasn't great. It's a fusion place, the pho may be OK but the thai food was a little off base. The lady was nice, has a lot of people going here. I wish I knew what their expertise is.
Delicious...best $4 dog by UNLV & the valley...don't skip the wafflewich.\n\nVery fun place to chill with darts, a ton of board games and great muzak.  Plus al fresco dining in the spring is awesome.
Nothing exciting here. Just your average big box food store.
This place is the shit.\n\nWell at least it used to be.  Many of the people that I came to love have since moved on.  That is life I guess.  \n\nThe Klinkerbrick is still pretty darn good.
This place was great! We had several different dishes, but the chorizo hash was the winner. \n\nExpect a bit of a wait, but it's worth it.
This church has changed my life forever grateful for our Pastors 4 experiences,  Saturday 6pm and Sunday 8am, 10am 1145am.
Surprisingly ghetto with a weak DJ...
I definitely learned alot about the south here. Really glad we spent a few hours here.  Makes you appreciate modern times.
Pretty decent dim sum and wonton soup.  A good choice if you're getting a bit tired of Vegas food.
Great store. Nicole the owner is super friendly and has a great selection. I always feel welcome when walking in the door.
Been here a few times.  Once with a drinking buddy after a night out and for a couple of birthdays.  Generally very nice staff, comfortable, reasonable speed and very yummy as I expect from Dennys.
Best way to describe it is comfort food. From the creation and taters to the mishmash and let's not forget the burgers. The service is extremely entertaining and very friendly. Tony did a great job and  sure he's proud to know Nick is holding Down the fort.
If I could give negative stars I would..I usually don't leave a review but the food taste worst than a damn box.  If you want to drink great..eating is a whole nother story. .tuck!!!
Came here for breakfast and the food was great. I had bacon, eggs, hash browns, and toast for only $5. The bacon was excellent quality and everything was cooked to perfection. I'll be back again!
Poor service inside. No creamer on the bar,and they were put  out to provide a good customer experience. No greeting when entering the store, or waiting in line. Store is not very clean.
Fast and tasty sandwiches, good baked goods and soups, and a wide array of micro-brew-y beverages.\n\nThat said, their occasional live entertainment can be irritatingly faux-Joanna Newsom-y.
Get here early for happy hour. Space is limited to the bar only.
This place was great! For $10 worth of food they will deliver all the way to Scottsdale road and McDowell. And the food was hot and tasty!
Literally the best. \n\nAlways have free samples and are willing to skewer just about everything they own on a toothpick for you to try.\n\nThis is a good first step if you dream of having a good relationship with a butcher like all those TV chefs do.
Decent selection very mediocre assistance from staff. Best thing about this shop is that it is open on Sundays. If you need assistance on another day I would try somewhere else.
Good as Home Depot can be. Depending on your taste, Lowe's may or may not be better for you. They're the same but different. :) Selection/brands that is.
Trying the infamous \"Tu-Nuts\" on the happy side suggested by Ashley and Trillion! Best service I had in a long time, it's refreshing :)
They were awesome.  Dealt with Mike and Jobi.  Seriously was the smoothest, lowest hassle dealership experience I've had and I've looked at a lot of cars.  They simply gave me the best deal for the car I was looking for.  HIGHLY would recommend checking them out.
I asked what was best and ended up with shredded beef.  She said definitely better than the pupusas.  Quality of beef was OK and tomato was looking past it's prime.  I dont quite get the positive reviews here.   The tamarind drink was excellent, however.
Looooooove this place! Excellent place to find unique and fun gifts for the hard-to-buy-for people in your life. A must stop whenever I'm in Madison.
Lowes locally reps this line.  They lack local installers, at least when I wrote this, so lead times for quotes took forever.  And when they finally sent me a bid, weeks longer than it should have, their pricing wasn't competitive, nor worth the wait and hassle. I paid $35 for a hassle and worthless quote.
Their desserts are in the Studio B buffet! amazing!!! i also order their blended Irish cream latte... so yummy!!!
I went to AZ to visit some friends, and on our first night out, they insisted we head to fat Tuesdays. Luckily when we got there, it was happy hour. The prices were very reasonable, the drinks were tasty, and the food was great too. Overall it was a great experience.
Service here has went to crap. Ised to be the best place to get your car washed. Got the $25 #3.... Had to remind them about tire dressing, and my Jeep is still very dirty. Save your $$$$. Go somewhere else
The food was ok. I ordered the chicken boti and lamb skewers for my husband. The food was good, and plenty of it, but not flavor city. Unfortunately for the us the food did not live up to the hype. The samosas were the BEST part of the meal.
Always delicious - never disappoints. Chicken curry is delicious (with spice from 1-10) as well as the mongolian beef. They always serve their plates with a bit of rice, which is always a plus for me (grew up in Asian food - always will love rice hehe). Delicious food.
We came for my birthday dinner. The Ribeye was tender and juicy. The mashed potatoes were creamy and full of flavor. Service was good. The only thing I would change is the iceberg lettuce salad. Romaine would have been preferred. Great ambiance.
Love this store. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful.  It is very convenient when you go to shopping center and check or  fix the apple :0)
This place is a diamond in the ruff. Fresh food, great service and  we really really really enjoyed it a lot.  Thank you for the great food.
Dr. Tom is wonderful, at least the couple times I have been able to see her. \nThey have so many patients that you can never get a appointment with your doctor, they are booked at least 3 months out. It's about volume here.
Weird great stuff at great prices. Wish I knew more what to do with it..
The owner threw down when I walked in, stating, \"We have the best bacon sandwich in Las Vegas!\"  Wait, what???  \n\nCHALLENGE!\n\nGuess what?  They delivered!  Damn!  \n\nI'll back VERY soon!
I was hoping to score some Lancome deals, but left disappointed. They didn't carry the products I generally shop for. \n\nEmployees weren't helpful so I left.
Love it! Beautiful and clean. If you want it Chris can usually get it for you. Will be back for sure!
I have had very mixed experiences here.
We went there for che before heading back to SoCal & it was a terrible mistake.  We got served days old che that had been sitting in the glass cabinet.  We gracefully paid for our orders and left the almost untouched che's on the table.
Yum! Such a fun lunch/brunch spot. Delicious food, great variety of mimosas. Love it :)
Don't think I'll be going here again. My fries were soggy and almost raw and my \"premium\" chicken sandwich (#6) was disgusting. I took two bites and trashed it. I don't expect much from fast food but this was just gross.
Omg! Don't go here on a weekeend night! The place was packed, so loud we couldnt talk; which might be good for some, poor service! Unfriendly staff!  Sorry but hire more servers! Quite expensive ~ food mediocre.
Loved the place!  Great cheerful people and FANTASTIC healthy sandwich and fruit....sooooo perfect!  Wireless internet too.
Very good take out Chinese! We usually get the genreal tso chicken, and chicken lo mein and crab rangoon. They are consistent, and fast!  Never have any problems! Im a fan.
Always delicious!
This place has closed.  The owner converted it to a Spanish tapas place.  I want Coco Osteria.. It was my favorite spot.
Great theatre and amazing stage cannot fault the production values of the show however there were less acrobatics than expected and this mismatch of expectations can put ppl off
Excellent food, great service, just come when you have time to wait.  Well worth the wait though!
This Amtrak station is in need of a face lift! It is very dingy and outdated looking, which is surprising because it is underneath one of the most prestigious address in downtown Pittsburgh! \nThe employees were friendly and helpful, which was nice, and our train came on time which is really the most important thing!
This could probably develop into a good place.   Plenty of food, reasonable prices, seemed fresh.  But to be blunt, we had trouble ordering because of the language barrier.  When you ask 3 people working in a mexican restaurant for salsa and they don't understand what you want, we have a problem.
I would give this zero stars if I could. RUDE staff!!!!!
Sandwiches are good a bit on the small size but put together with fresh and tasty ingredients.  The berry parfait was delicious too.
The service is horrible!!! They do not give any utensils for the dishes. The waiters attitude is bad!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Very nice drinks. Good food. Good service.
Honestly the best egg drop soup i have ever had!  I haven't even got to my wanton soup yet but I am sure it is just as good.  Also as small as it sounds the bagging was awesome too!  They placed a piece of cardboard under the 2 quarts of soup so the bag did not sag!
They must have heard me!  They recovered the booths!
Yup, they ARE that good!  who would have thought there are donuts THIS GOOD in a non-descript location.  don't let it fool you!  we are glad we did not let it fool us!
Service is bad, very overpriced for it's value. If it was better service I'm sure the food would've tasted slightly better. A second cup of water would be nice too.
Worst airport in the area. Never come to CLT on Monday morning. The valet parking was full by 6:10 am. Security lines are ridiculous. I drove up from Columbia SC for the last time.
Place is closed with a FOR RENT sign in the window.
One of my favorite AYCE places in the NW part of town. Fish is fresh and the people are pretty laid back. I love the coffee flavored mochi and this is one of the only places thats seems to always have it. Miso soup comes out cold sometimes though.
This place gets four stars because the barista's know what they ae doing and are always friendly.  The coffee and location isnt bad either.  Where else can you go to sit on a lakeside patio..?
As much as I enjoy the always popular Starbucks and the lesser known Caribou Coffee, Smelly Cat is a wonderful change of pace.  The decor is awesome, the service is fantastic and, most importantly, the coffee is outstanding!!
No more salad bar, what a joke. It would be nice to see new owners for this place that cared for customer service. Hate to say it but must, typical Buckeye.
Out of business, not surprising they have been going down hill for years.
I miss Tuscany ever since I moved. This place was a late night favorite for me after all the geeky magic get together a. Everything is fairly priced and delicious. The steak and eggs are a must!
I called first looking for an experienced barber was told to come in that Pat had 19 yrs experience. The service was quick and friendly. However the cut was choppy and sloppy. My hair is easy to cut and hard to mess up but Pat managed to mess it up. I will never go back to Roosters.
This is a Man vs. Food stop, so I had the man vs. food menu item and the special bread it was on was dry, the meet was good but the latka was tasteless.  I would say this place is just OK.
Here for dinner. Started with the sangria (red) little stiff .got use to it after couple sips. Pizza arrived looked it looked good.\nFlavor not so much. Overall little pretentious.
Amazing happy hour! Spendy but not at happy hour.
Absolutely the worst restaurant to attend!! Like we had to wait to get seated, we had to wait to order our food and we had to wait to pay for our bill. Like what the heck. All of the workers ignored is the whole time. I know they could hear us. But walked off like they didn't. Never coming back again
The fish us awful. I wouldn't ever go to this place again.
Always go here for take out when I'm feeling home sick with my partner. she loves the Banh mi thit nuong (grilled pork sandwich which is my fav) and Cha Gio(fried mince pork rolls) Yummy.
Bar de quartier bien sympa, ils ont pas mal de choix d'alcool et aussi des bi\u00e8res belges dont la Duvel !
Trendy inside d\u00e9cor with a very nice outdoor patio.  The food is just OK, but the ambience makes it the perfect place to take a date.
Nothing to write home about. Ok service. Ok food.
I don't know why I always shop around bc I know Pruitts will have the best price. I wish they had a better website.
The food is delicious, portion size is good for the cost., servers are friendly, atmosphere is relaxing.  Definitely recommend.
3 words OH MY GOD! This was the best place we went to the entire time in Vegas! The lobster Mac and cheese was amazing!! I wanted it the entire time!! This is a must go in Vegas
Always consistent.  Fresh great french bread. Parking is horrible.. price is great. Use the  buy 10 get on free punch card
I brought in the comforter from my guest room because our new puppy peed on it.  Without getting an authorization to wet clean, they washed it to get the stain out.  Stain is gone, but my guest comforter is ruined.
This place is located near the outlet center and is easy to access. In the store they provide you with packing tape if you need it. Unlike some other places that require that you purchase it. The customer service members are nice unlike USPS workers.
Limited selection, and pretty middle of the road as far as flavour.
this store is closed.  if you don't believe me, try calling them.
Great place to watch sporting events. \nLots of TV's. \nLots of drink. \nLots of good food. \nThe bloody Mary was really good!\n\nLittle on the pricey side.
The place was a great hang-out bar. Nice people, casual, layed-back atmosphere. Bartender was nice. Service was a little slow. But, there were nice people to talk to while we waited. I will definitely return to this lovely dive bar.
I got take out here once, and my order was ready, pronto. Went straight to the pick up line. \n\nQuick, professional, and not amatuers here. Very nice!
Stop number 3 on a bar hop to visit all of my boyfriend's old stomping grounds, this place was pretty damn cool.  Great juke box, strong drinks for a fair price (though I noticed the pitchers were higher than most other places) and an eclectic & older crowd.
The moist beef brisket is very very good.  I would give it a 5 but the sides are ok.
Will never go here again. Carne Asada had no flavor, and the torta left a horrible taste in our mouth.
Physical Property is good\nMight be the worst customer service we have ever had in las Vegas\nHard to imagine from pool service to room service how a bunch of people could care less.  Appears to be no leadership?   Why build a two billion dollar property and don't hire proper management
This place is nice to sit outside on the patio. I came here for a big birthday group and it was not very comfortable. The service was okay and not really on top of things. I got the lettuce wraps which were pretty good. I don't think I would come back but it's decent.
Nice place, very good food, the Nove Pasta is fantastic.  It's pricey, but its a high level establishment.  You can walk into the Playboy club if you want (pricey place also).  Highly recommend, great casino too.
Great entertainment...Amanda went the extra mile for our thirst!!
People here are super nice. They make very unique cupcakes. My only issue is that they put a lot of frosting on the cupcakes. We go back at least a few times a month.
Awesome food, great prices and good service. My favorite so far is their eggplant appetizer, so YUMMY. Also from their entree I love their ground beef kabob.
For room to price to location this place isn't bad.
Didn't give me a straw. Didn't put the lime in the fish tacos. The fish missed the tortilla and was sticking out a whole out the side of the aluminum foil The cabbage missed the tortilla. No lemon in my ice tea. I love Del taco but these folks are not paying attention
This was a little disappointing.  The observation deck was really small.  We waited 30 minutes in line and stayed maybe 15 minutes.  It was really cold.  At night you can see the water show at the Bellagio.  I thought the Stratosphere was much better.  It was bigger and comfortable.
Like anywhere in this city, it is a chore to drive there.  Parking was next to impossible and after that the place is CLOSED
Overpriced, overhyped, \"smoke and mirrors\" restaurant.  Sloppy kitchen - which everyone can see.  Dishes don't make sense, and are inconsistent in preparation.  If you are going to have a restaurant and label it as upscale food - then by all means, do it.
Food is above average.  The staff seems a bit too casual for my taste.  I know it's a take-out/quick service \"restaurant\", but talking to the guy in line in front of you about getting wasted isn't really my thing.
We went to Pole Position as part of a team building event with work.  It was pretty fun! Definitely a great place to bring out the competitive attitude in everyone!
i had a bloody mary, and the reuben sandwich with potato salad. everything was pretty mediocre but i feel like that is the case with a lot of the similar restaurants on the strip. service was reallllly slow but to their credit, the restaurant was packed and it was right around lunch time.
We enjoyed the Moscoto wine and the house salad which was enough for both of us.  This is certainly a nice place that I'm looking forward to coming back to.
Epoys offer a variety of food and snacks. food are always warm and tasty.\nHowever, this restaurant is no longer in business. a thai restaurant replaced it.
even it has been one of the oldest hotels in the strip..still has its great interior design and depicts the Romans architecture..awesome!!
Every time I go here there is always something wrong with my order always check your food before you leave I guarantee you will always be missing something or something ain't right.
What a rip-off!!!\nBought a bottle of Kraken Rum, paid $10 too much. $28.99 for 750ml whereas one can buy it for $18.99 at the Wal-Mart on Eastern Avenue next to the airport.\nLesson learned!
love this place! Im not a vegetarian, but their veggie pizza is AWESOME! The service has improved a lot since they opened and the wraps are yummy. PLUS they have a selection of organic wines : )
What a great business.   They are raking it in.  3 steps - get a cup, choose your frozen yogurt, add toppings (lots of fresh fruit and regular old candy).   the fourth step that they forgot is paying, but it is surprising cheap unless you are
The service was great. The food was subpar for the price. Both steaks were subpar in quality
Used to come here all of time..service is getting worse...today was terrible..girl did not smile one time...just not friendly anymore...bummer...had a pedicure still need a manicure..pink polish here I come.
I came from suprise looking for a nail salon And I can finally say that I've found the one at pretty little nails.came in to get a gel manicure by Julie who was awesome!
This place is extremely good.  It is the second best Indian resturant in Vegas.  The first being Namaste.   It is not a hole in the wall just in an off strip location.  This is where the locals eat!
This place seriously if they keep up the quality and customer service is one of the best indian restaurant I have ever eaten a couple of the refreshing changes to old indian classics are amazing Kudos to these guys
Still cooking (at a later than average hour)\nGyro was fresh and tasty. So was the beertender...\nI think \nI mean\nthey both looked great\nGive it a go
The lamb tagine was delicious, the rice was great, the baklava was huge and excellent. The only drawbacks were that the server was a bit inattentive and I was dismayed to discover when I got up to pay that the health department rating is only 86 (B).
Pruitts was just ok. The place is a little trashed. The prices were ok but not as aggressive as they used to be. The service wasn't very good either granted it is a furniture store though.
Wonderful staff and Dr. Meek is a great vision specialist.
Great food, good service, I like the poke sashimi most!!
Fast service. Weston was an awesome waiter. Loved the Chips and Salsa. It had a really pretty ceiling.
Awesome bleu burger with jalape\u00f1o cornbread bun! On time service too.
Burgers were good,  but the fries were cold and not good at all food was a bit over priced. The khalua vodka shake was bomb! Love bobby but this dont seem like his best..
Decent food at Hard Rock Hotel. Margaritas are yummy. Tacos are good and portions are good though prices are high for Tex-Mex.
Found this nice little place. The service was friendly.  The waffles were tasty.  I had the red velvet waffle.  I really enjoyed my peaches and cream latte.  Not too pricey of a place either.
I didn't think it was very good. We got the chicken fried rice, paper wrapped chicken, shrimp pad thai & sesame chicken - none of which was really good. The fried rice was horrible. I don't know why this place is so busy.
Come here about once a year. Never a disappointment. Nicely seasoned bone-in ribeye. Love the sides (creamed corn and spinich). Always great service.
This was the bagel shop I liked better than the other one. Although Schwartz's smoked meat I like better than Katz's, NY definitely is my preference in bagel.
WOW, the assistant manager (heavy set blonde female) seems to be farmed from Walmart or something. THE most rude woman ever. Employees had to apologize for her attitude.
chicken pablano and baja sauce are the bomb.  I've been to Macayo's well over 100 times and NEVER had a bad meal.  Fairly priced, good food and good service.
I wasn't sure how many stars to give. The FOOD is great. Love the X girlfriend roll. However the service is TERRIBLE. Been here many times and every time I get the same grumpy would rather not be here service. I will probably not be going back.
Food is a little pricer than standard Chili's, but it's in an airport so that's expected. Service was good, food came out quickly and to order. Be sure to stop by before you head through security.
Really good food and surprisingly warm customer service for a Viet place. \n\nThey had fresh coconut juice in the actual coconut! And a selection of other drinks like the avocado smoothie... If I didn't have a limit to my stomach, I woulda kept ordering.
There are many yogurt places in town but this place is for sure the best!!!  I love the flavor selection and the staff is top notch!  Very clean and pleasant atmosphere!  Delish!!!
Best indian food in vegas. We always go here and this food is delicious and authentic
Nice place with amazing views. Too much partying in the hallways.
This is a fun shoe store in a great neighborhood. Prices are reasonable. The selection is great, but they were out of my size in several shoes that I wanted to try. Service was average.
Went here because we saw it on triple D. Great food home- like vibe.
Everything I have ever eaten here has been FABULOUS.  I have tried every curry they serve and it's hot spicy wonderfulness tailored to your own personal heat level.  If you like Thai food, you have to try this place.
Nasty plain out nasty wings way over rated .first sign place was empty at lunch hour Nd I order tradtional dozen wings to .took almost twenty minutes witch for wings is uncalled for. Got home took two bites all bones and tasted the frost bite and threw it all away . Horrible terrible
Vapiano is one of my regular spots. Cool atmosphere and great food. I like the self-service model, the only downside is with groups as it is difficult to get everyone's food at the same time. The prices are very reasonable with most dishes under $10.
I only ever do Tepanyaki seating here but it never disappoints!
When you need a quick burger and a beer - this is the joint.  Flavorful, relatively inexpensive by Las Vegas standards and close to the rooms.   Go.
It's ok generally. Fish taco is nice. But it's not a good place for steak. I ordered filet. She cooked it well, but u still can tell its not like fresh filet, more like frozen filet.
This is the worst sushi place. The food is ok but the staff is so lame. Can't even take the order right. They have to learn how to speak English and take orders correctly. They defenetly bombed out.
Reasonable price. Car wash service is what you expect; clean inside & clean outside. It's not an auto detailing place but it does the job.
Cool place but cocktail were sour! Pool closed no corn hole/bags. Bartenders not good!!!!
I can't eat this pizza again. It was overdone and the sauce was not very good. Service was great though.
Friendly, Fast, and Clean. Good drinks too.
I highly recommend this dealership. Steve Shannon is a pro. Knowledgeable, patient, with not an ounce of pushiness. I am extremely happy with my new , gorgeous Cadillac XTS . Steve is one in a million. Many thanks to him and Toby in finance. They rocked it.
I expected something unique.  What I found was Ikea's older twin sister, just more expensive.
Only a 30 minutes delay due to the toilet not working. Overall its not that bad. I paid $60, I'd say I got my moneys worth.
The chocolates in here didn't seem inventive or the freshest. The whole place seemed to lack a personal touch and seemed too corporate. Everything looked a but old or stale and I wasn't compelled to try anything. Walked in and walked out.
Great Gravy and Fun Staff. Worth braving the heat and leaving the casino. It's better than home made
have not been there in a long time...the guy taking the order was in some other world.\nthe amount of pork or chicken on the sandwich has been reduced to almost half.\nthe drinks are watered down. and the prices are up. Me thinks I wont be back there.
Worst flight ever. Forced to view advertising on the small screen, horrible flight attendants. Rookie company.
We stopped in for a light supper. We started with some veggies and then had the baked tofu salad. Food was hot and fresh. It was too much fried food in one sitting for me but it was delicious.
The meal itself was very disappointing. I had the carnitas and they where not good at all, they lacked flavor and weren't very tender. The horchata was also very bland and I couldn't even finish the drink or food. Would definitely have to think twice before returning to this place.
Great place to stay. This was the best lodging I have had since traveling to Las Vegas for business. Large rooms that are more like a suite than a hotel room. There was no smell of smoke in the room or casino. \n\nThe only complaint would be the wind whistle from the window that sounded like a haunted house sound track.
*  Very dirty dinning area!!\n*  Employees obviously do not care about customer service \n*  McDonalds should pull their affiliation - very bad representation of the brand
The food and service was great. I tasted a bit of everything and nothing disappointed.
For the over abundance of servers standing around, you would think the service would have been exceptional...we were one of two other tables.  Our server completely disappeared for a good 15 minutes while we waited to order. Food was subpar.  We won't be back again.
What a great place to enjoy the MUD BOG or Sand Drags or stock cars....just sooo farrrr from North Phoenix.
Good beer, cool bartender, we like to stop here every time we visit.  Although drinking in a shopping mall is DANGEROUS for your credit card!  you have been fore warned.
Went on 12/30/13. This place is overrated.  The dance floor is too small. Too many stairs. $18 for a redbull/vodka! I prefer XS instead.
Mallorca is great the first time you go, after that it is just ok.  Menu never changes, specials are always the same.  \n\nService is excellent.  Overall food is good, but a little to pricey.  \n\nDecent date place on the outside patio.
Small place in Arboretum out-door mall. Great food! Reasonable to lower prices. Some unique low-country/Cajun dishes. Live music on Fri. and Sat. evening. Get there early the band has their own following!
Nice boutique cheese shop. Christie was extremely helpful and we sampled plenty as we added to our order. A must visit every time we come to Madison!
Food is not great and service was terrible. Live nearby and was excited to go in and watch a game. Awful. Will never go back. this place does have great TV's, BUT service and attitude make this the only one star I have ever given a place.
Meh. I've experienced better. The staff is friendly. Just basic chinese food.
Very intimate setting.  Quiet and romantic.  If the weather is permitting, I would recommend a table outside. Given the environment, you would never suspect Mill Ave is right around the corner.  They also have a pretty extensive wine list to choose from.  Enjoy!
Best happy hour in town by far!!! Definitely sit in the Bar/Lounge area.
The biggest and best selection of Fireworks on the East Coast
Very pleasant establishment. \nOne of the staff was happy to come over and explain what was suitable for different diets allergies etc.\nWe all found our meals very tasty..
Wow! got our lawn put in today by Syn Lawn of Nevada looks awesome. These two guys did an amazing job.
Sandwich was not the greatest but fries were good. A size \"small\" could feed about 4 people.\n\nYou can buy some really nasty teenage girl malt liquors in here.
The place turned out really nice. Staff was great, food was great, and not a bad seat in the house to see a tv. Check it out when you have a chance.
This was a tough hike for mid day at 105 degrees so take plenty of water ( I had six 16 oz bottles and drank them all) Beautiful hike with a beautiful view! Highly recommend this 2-3 hour hike.\n\nWear a hat and sunscreen!
cheba hut go there when your high, and get even more high off flavor...
Closed!
Drinks with the office!  Good food, seemed like video poker was hit at this place! Food was good but typical for 24/7 bar food!
What happened to this place??? Best prices and value in the city.. Gone.. How do you raise prices on average food quality?
A friend of mine, she is French but lives here in Scottsdale, took me to this genuine French restaurant. I had the Quiche du jour and it was heavenly good! So happy to have found this place since I really have missed good food. I will be coming back a lot!
Great addition to the neighborhood!  Very impressed with the food, atmosphere, and happy hour.
Beautiful chapel! \n\nThe choir that sings here sounds heavenly :]
It was Ok. Nothing to complain about, nothing to write home about. Good food for the price.
A really great service. I was able to get a next day appointment on a Saturday. They were on time and very fast service. I has 3 drains cleaned and it took about 20 minutes. A pleasure to deal with. I highly recommend this company.
Great food! Great service! Great time!  Everything about this restaurant is the best! Who doesn't love sushi? \n\n\nPricey for what you get though.  Limited sushi menu
Great piri piri restaurant!!! Amazing fries, great freshly cooked chicken and a sauce which is just unbelievable! Can't agree with negative review and it actually resembles a person which is upset about the boys leaving the so called Ramados!
This place is decent. One Of the better picture menu Chinese restaurant out there.
Every trip to Vegas is incomplete until I end up sitting at the bar with a glass of wine, savoring the superb grilled octopus
this place was a real dump  thus it closed
Best donuts ever.  Delicious, fresh, good selection.  Very friendly welcoming staff.  A dozen donuts and 2 milks was just $10.50.  I will be back for sure.
The food was yummy! We ordered a caprese  salad, which was super fresh! And a pepperoni mushroom pizza, it was thin and crispy! The service was great, waiter was attentive and the restaurant is super clean and has a great ambiance. We will definitely be coming again!
Rookie fliers ..you can fight for the front seats in the airplane while I go to the back Burbank unboards com both front and back\n\nI need a drink
The food is lacking flavor. The Nile and Middle Eastern Cafe are the best in Madison for Middle Eastern food.
Food was amazing and the staff was on point.  They recommended food that was exactly what we were looking for and it all came out in a timely manner.\nI will be back!
This is a busy McDonald's.  This is one of the bathroom stopping points for travel between Las Vegas and Phoenix.  This is a subpar McDonald's.  Just ordering a couple simple things like fries and a hamburger for the kids but they messed up the order-incomprehensible.
I made a quick stop here to get some lunch and talk to the owner/manager. Unfortunately the manager was really rude. Opted to not have lunch there and won't bother to go back with all of the other reviews.
Unfortunately this UPS location is less than friendly or helpful.  Try the location near Fry's in Fountain Hills.  They are very friendly and helpful!!
This joint was lacking. Overpriced and had the nerves to bring out cold grease drenched French fries. I purchased a hot dog, chicken BLT, french fries and a coke for $31??? Stay away...
What, no reviews of this location? I've been getting haircuts here for several years. Stylists come and go, but most are very good. The price is right at this shop and I've always been pleased with haircut results. I recommend this Fantastic Sams for inexpensive hairstyling needs.
My expectations were high because of a traveling Cirque show I saw about 8 years ago. I was anticipating more acrobatics and wow and less of a plotline to follow. Could have been my fault for not knowing completely what I was getting into this time around. Still a great show with enthusiastic and talented people!
I said I'd give them another chance, and I did. SO I went for my scheduled service today.  The overall communication is really good, price are fair and they added a smart showroom.  Here it is they got their 5th star back!  You can trust Dain to take care of your smart service.
the beer may be good but the food and the service was terrible i wouldn't reccommend this place to my worst enemy
Chef Dave, did I really see you sprinkle some MSG into my 3 cup chicken???  Please say it isn't so!  \nOtherwise, this place is cozy and quaint.  No other complaints.
Horrible ride is all I can say! Gosh. Taxi driver frank get a different job!
My wife has recently started learning to change her oil and make repairs on her car. I ofter get dragged along to go get parts. They all know her there by now. Everyone is always friendly and ready to answer her questions and give her advice.
Horrible food, avoid at all cost! Steak sandwich was nothing but fat, after the lady at the counter told us it wasn't...
Love this place! Great menu, and down home atmosphere!
Theater has very convenient showtimes and the seats are good. The theater is always busy especially on weekends so try to get your tickets online.
We ordered very basic fried rice dishes. They're reasonably priced but very very bland. I'll give them another shot with other menu items but with the fail of this simple dish I won't know what to expect.
if you get frustrated at fry's electronics down the road, come here! helpful associates and great sales!
Love the dinner style decor, different from back home and the rest here.  Food is great!
This Walmart has the worst customer service ever! They never have enough lanes open and don't open additional lanes even though the lines go through the middle aisle of the store! Horrible! I will absolutely pay more and shop elsewhere!
Unfortunately everything that my husband and I ordered was unsatisfactory. The burnt ends were extremely dry, and the crab cakes and chili were terribly bland. On a brighter note, the sweet tea was delicious.
Very low budget! Margaritas in a plastic Dixie cup!!! Will not return. We were told because of budgeting. The server Josh was great,he made the visit good. Give him a raise!
CLOSED.  It needed to close, this one was bad. YUCK.  There is a SMASHBURGER there now, I think.
Dark and ominous. Love the setting. The service was okay. The bangers and mash pasty was a letdown. The garlic fries were good though. I'll come back and try a different pasty.
Cold food. Two bites of the entree. Wait staff took my plate, said nothing. Enough said.
Wish I could give no stars!  What a scam!  Refer to Mirta's review!  You have access to homes but most of these people don't even know they are on this list!  My husband cancelled this \"service\" and we are still getting charged months later!  Run!  Run far away!
Burger was decent but not great. There are so many options at the Venetian it would be tough for me to go back here. Was hoping for a great burger, got a decent one. The service from the bartenders on the other hand was great.
Great, friendly and attentive service. We had the Caesar salad, duck & scallops. Salad was great, duck was good & very rich. Scallops were so-so & not something I'd recommend ordering. Over all an okay meal, but not one I'd repeat.
I was a lil disappointed with this place since I have heard such great reviews about it. Sandwiches were just ok and the french fries were soggy. I felt that the sandwiches could have a lil more meat and flavor. Other than that, it was just a-ok. Oh and the soda was very flat!
This company was honestly a complete waste of time and money for my husband and I. Lots of claims made up front with little to no follow through. We most certainly did not get our money back as the 100% money back guarantee claimed. Don't even bother!
There are beautiful scenes, great musical talents, and fun acts.  However, not the best show in town.
The best Indian food I have had outside of the Bay Area. I seriously love the flavors, spices, and aromas that come from the delicious foods here. I use to order delivery from this place, however, the site I usually use does not have this place listed online anymore.
It was excellent I have the special shrimp Ramen bowl. I really enjoyed especially since I have a sore throat now I feel full better and happy!
I went to eat here and discovered a roach in my chicken wings. They offered a $40 gift card but I do not feel great about eating there again.
Loud. Below average wait staff. Food OK. Poor beer selection unless you like bud light, etc. There are better places. In the same mall, see PBR Rock Bar.
Extremely overpriced, mediocre Italian food; no atmosphere of any kind (other than strip mall kind) - but service at least is fast so you don't suffer too long.  Best thing that can be said is that it's close to the exits from Caesar's ... so you can get out quickly.
Honest people, great prices! Owner drove me back home and picked me up when car was ready! The only place I feel comfortable bringing my car to from now on.
Flies! So many flies! I won't be back until they get this problem under control.
Love this little Mexican burrito shack! The carnesada is good! I love the beans and rice too!
Love this lounge.  They play a mix of hip hop, techno type music and just overall fun music.  Best of all, every 30 min. The bartenders get on the bar and do a choreographed dance routine.  They are very good dancers.  Sooo fun... I will go back for sure.
$5.99 per person lunch buffet, 4kinds of thin crust pizza, 2 kinds of pasta, pasta salad & regular salad, is good for kids drinks $1.89 with free refills; all filling but standard
Its a great place to eat a special meal but I wouldn't go here again for lunch. A little expensive for lunch. great fried shrimp though.
Food was barely ok, beer selection is great, but service is lacking and the \"management\" was superficial at best.   Parking is a mess and if there is an issue in the restaurant parking lot forget trying to get any help.  If you go, walk!  Not a good place for folks from the \"burbs\".
Worse pizza ever.. Worse service ever. Gave it a couple of chance. Never ordering again, especially after giving them an order for a dozen pizza for a lunch meeting and all pizza were gross and undercooked. And the owner is the most arrogant, nasty person.
The food is very good but the portions are small and they charge you for rice. Even the white rice which is a bit ridiculous. Prices are definitely on the high side and should include rice.
Best nail salon EVER! I do not and will not go anywhere else! Clean, fairly priced, friendly, accommodating, and full of talent!!
Good Mexican Food, but a little on the pricey side for a taco shop.
My boyfriend and I saw that this place had good reviews so we decided to give it a try. Maybe we were there on an off night,  but both of our meals were terrible. The fish in my fish tacos was freezer burnt and the beef in his burrito was burnt to a crisp.
Not bad.  A nice change from buffet breakfast at green valley across the freeway.  I'd eat here again
Not great but not bad either
A hidden gem that u walk by and might not realize what you're missing.. Love their bread pockets with fillet mignon and kabab..
I called an hour ahead for a pickup, was told it would be no problem, and they were 25 minutes late. Subsequently I was late for work.  This is why we need things like lyft and uber, even though cab companies hate them - the cab companies suck.
Had my boots \"re-tipped\" here.  Fast, friendly, and my boots look like brand new!  Will be back!
Fair prices [including kids size] and great specialty flavors! Saw them @ First Friday and it was definitely a great stop on a hot June day. Quick and friendly service with a smile! They drive their truck to many locations so call and see where they are located and go get one of their shaved ice treats!
Great service. Cool atmosphere. Trying the Sage chicken as featured on Man vs. food. Highly recommended by the staff.
Food is so-so ( if you end up getting what you ordered!) and the  service is awful. Last visit we were overwhelmed by the scent of a possible sewer back up?! Yuck!
Nice that they are 24hrs but me and my bf were the only late night customers and the waitress still messed up the order. Bathroom was very dirty!
Must have been good at some point but not when I was there.\n\nYou could hear the 2 employees complain the whole time.  They should have been watching the food instead.  Garlic knots were hard as weapons and the pizza crust was burnt cardboard.\n\nNever again.
The service was slow and the restaurant is dated. The price and quality of food do not match up. Fun for once but maybe not again.
Usually a good selection of brew .. Mostly California and other West Coast breweries. Food above average.  \nService tonight was very good but I have been there when it's slow.\nWe'll be back.
All i can say is what happened to this place!!\nI use to visit this location years ago when i lived in el paso and now this place has multiplied and the food quality has gone way low!
A hidden gem in the world of meat. The woman behind the counter was very friendly and helpful. The meat is excellent, and you get a free flat of 30 eggs with a minimum purchase.
Customer service at this place is ALWAYS hit or miss. The sales associate that we had this time told us that Guitar Center has new management and that they are now trying to build their customer relationships. We shall see about that. Only time will tell.
I love the ambience, food and the service.  Best steak house bar none! I've traveled around the world and this restaurant tops all....
Yum! The curry & steak sandwich were great. Very fresh!
Been sitting at the bar for 15 minutes, seen 15 servers walk past me..all avoiding eye contact. Hope I can get a water before the movie starts. Not a great atmosphere for a date night. Too bad, this place has potential if they could keep it clean and hire friendly staff.
Sounds silly, but I really wanted to see this. The shops themselves are gorgeous, to say nothing of the canal, ceiling, and Venice storefront attraction!\n\nSo beautiful, I wish we'd had more time to explore rather than just before dinner.
Dr. Forsberg is a complete professional in all respects. His bedside manner and his knowledge is second to none. He removed something that could have been very problematic down the line. I cannot recommend Dr. Forsberg enough for his help.
Hadn't been here for a while and decided to get some food to go.  Fish and chips was good.  Wings tasted like they had been cooked in old oil and the French Dip was horrible - the meat was as tough as shoe leather!  Will NOT eat here again!!
I have only been to Sardines for apps and drinks.  I thought it was fabulous and I am looking forward to having an actual meal there.
Service was good, but we weren't too impressed with our meal. It was just generic tex-mex. Blah. Didn't seem like especially fresh ingredients, especially the salsa which seemed like it was frozen. We won't be going back.
I like the food. The restaurant? Not so much . The restroom is dirty and that gets my apatite. They should clean it.
Amazing food (I had the peppersteak pasty) - friendly knowledgeable staff! Our office orders from here regularly and picks it up and we have been in here a few times as well! I have also been to their other location and it is just as great! Great Job guys!
Love Tuna Tuesdays!!
Yummy subs. I love the whole \"mark it on a bag\" concept. You can tell that the ingredients are 10x better quality than Subway's. 4 stars because the dude making the sandwiches seemed like he hated life.
Great selection of Nike shoes, clothing and accessories. I came here with the family to find a good pair of shoes. We found them along with friendly and helpful service. The store is kept neat and organized. There were 3 associates folding shirts and many more walking the store available to help anyone that needed it. Nike heaven!
Honestly Dominoes may be better. Pizza was bland and the chicken wings were soggy.  The bread sticks were good but overall I wouldn't eat there again.  Sorry Z Pizza.
Listen you know it's an airport place so expecting some kind of amazing food experience is unreasonable. \n\nI did experience good service (for airports), decent food (for airports), and a very large vodka. Hence my 4 stars.
Thank you Palazzo. You were such a amazing place to stay.  Your rooms were outstanding, and by far the nicest I have ever been in. Your service was awesome. Your food was great. \n\nWe will be back - it was wonderful!
Overrated.
While our server was great the food was mediocre and the atmosphere poor. Place was a little grungy. Won't be going back
Super salty mashed potatoes were horrible. Roast beef was sandwich type meat. Very disappointing.
Excellent !! Stop in there very often , bartenders are like family ! Erik / Amber /Gina/DustyLee / Jamie ! Try the food here too ! Great job
NOTE: They do not take reservations for brunch so just call ahead for hours.
$2 to see Toy Story 3, +$2 more to see it in 3-D, x 2 people + $4 large popcorn=$12 total for both of us to see a 3-D movie with popcorn!  Am I happy?  Yes.
Stopped in to use a Groupon. Needed advice on plants for yard on side of mountain were rabbits eat everything. Got best advice I've ever gotten in the 20+ years I've been landscaping. Thanks!
They no longer restock the Cabernet shelves.  Clos De Bois has been out of stock for over 3 months and staff never knows why.  \"It's on order; they not send.\"  Yeah, OK.  Now my money is being spent at Total Wine.
Went there yesterday morning after dropping off my vehicle for service.  The food was great, was seated right away.  Prices are reasonable since it's located in Old Town Scottsdale.  The only downside to the restaurant was the service was pretty horrible.  Might try it again in the future, but as of now, no thanks.
Great selection of food and salad. \nStellar service\nSurely a great dining experience
Location is very clean and the staff is super friendly! Omelette was decent, good coffee, this beats the heck out of chain restaurant food.
My gel polish came off in 2 days...\nwent back they polished again and still came off again!!\nI wont go back !\n\nlike it was watered down...
When everything else is closed, this is the go to place at the Wynn.
Great bowling alley. Purchased a groupon and we thought it said unlimited drinks well no only 1 then we got a free burger they charge for cheese I can slightly understand that but then I go and ask for kechup and they wanted to charge me wow but the bowling alley Is great but the food people arnt the best
pinky's is closed
The 18 ounce Bone In Filet in phenomenal!  Service was great. Make sure you get reservations, as this place definitely gets busy. For desert, the Red Velvet Bread Pudding..............................
I gave this place a try because coworkers LOVED their chair massages.  I can see why.  I had the Hot Stone massage and I am extremely pleased.  They are super friendly, ask questions so they know what areas to concentrate on or avoid and did a great job.
SLow service, paid for all you can drink beer , but good luck finding waitress to get a 2nd drink. Seafood selection was surprisingly good and fresh compared to the rest of the buffet. Dessert section was a major let down
Good pretzels, though I am convinced the pretzel \"game\" is a racket.
Pei Wei has a great selection of Asian cuisine, select from various meats, including shrimp, and your choice of brown/white rice or noodles.  Their latest offering the Japanese Beef Chile Ramen is a great new addition to the varieties offered and another sign of their commitment to quality food.
Great ambiance and fun bar. We have had several outings there and its always fun.
= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =\n\nThis nice Indian Buffet has closed but a new one, Mayuri Palace is up & running in the building.  (I plan to try it today & will post a Review.)     :-)
Ordered days in advanced to have it done by a specific time and there was a 10 minute delay.  A dozen people came in after me and had speedy service I definitely won't be going back. Ill stick with papa John's.
Great service and the price wasn't too outrageous. I was in and out in ten minutes. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!
Best coffee in Phoenix! We come here 3-5x's each week. They really know how to make a great latte. Thanks!
never going back! they're chefs cannot cook.\nalthough I did enjoy the whole concept of building your own dish. \nThe staff was terrible as well. They had no personality, and showed little interest to my dinning needs. DON'T GO HERE!
No so much. Really salty food.
It is very, very smoky in here. Extremely poor ventilation. The smell stuck to me for hours and we only stopped in for 10 minutes to pick someone up.
Terrible service / food in a captive market. We just finished breakfast, had to wait 25min althought the restaurant was half empty. Half our food was cold or wrong, and for the price, this is ridiculous. \n\nStrongly do not recommend unless you have nothing else.
Liege waffles-simple and delicious
This is the worst restaurant I've ever been to. We waited 15 minutes for a server to come to our table. Our pizza was extremely soggy, so when we asked our waiter for another, he told us we were no longer welcome. Good luck here.
Gritty greens,everytime!...Need I say more?? Not what they use to be.
Call me Scrooge if you must, but it's overpriced and lines are ridiculously slow. If your kids are over 7, don't bother.
While the location of Voujon is slightly off the beaten track, I would thoroughly recommend the restaurant to anyone looking for quality Indian cuisine.\n\n\n The waiters were immensely patient with our large party. Service was excellent, and this was matched by the high quality food and wide range of dishes available. Very good value for money too.
I'm pretty sure I will never come here again... It seemed really barren, floors were dirty, and it was extremely dusty in here! I did one lap around the store and left to get what I need elsewhere.
We stayed at the stratosphere and saw an ad in the elevator. The food was mediocre at best. A horrible value for the quality of food served. When the food came out it looked nothing like the picture, lets just say thank god for photoshop because the food did not do the pictures justice.
We have eaten at Angela's several times, with friends, in hopes that it would I prove; it hasn't! The food is terrible, the prices are way too high for a senior community and the service is not so hot either. I would stay away! Lovely location though.
i love the asian sandwich.  it is cheap good food.
Great wine list and a good twist on traditional dishes. Recommended!
Convenient for take out once in a while when you don't feel like deep frying wings yourself, but it's overpriced and the restaurant itself is can-barely-hear-your-own-voice loud when it's busy. Not especially pleasant.
Food is really good. I loved dal tadka a lot! They served us well on thanksgiving day also when all others were closed. Biryani was not good so you can avoid that, but food items from northern part of India were awesome. The manager and server were very friendly.
I just had Classic detail my truck for the first time. All I can say is wow! The attention to little things is awesome.  This vehicle hasn't looked this good since it was new.
A run of the mill western restaurant with decent food and drinks. Some of their items are unique, but most of them are just decent. I really like their duck wings... The items in my opinion are a bit over priced, and some of the staff are a bit pretentious.
My least favorite Capriotti's. Bread is usually stale, customer service is lacking, orders get wrong and it is almost always filthy. I live around the corner but usually prefer the Capriotti's on Silverado Ranch and LV Blvd.
Nice Local neighborhood pizza place. Italian sub, bread knots and Mediterranean pizza are my personal favorites. The owner and staff are all friendly and accommodating.  Def need to stop in if you live in the area.
The sandwiches were tasty and the service was really nice.
Gr8 Chinese food in a lovely restaurant setting.  Favorable sauces, fresh ingredients and family-friendly.   Dim sum and traditional dishes w/a huge menu selection.  Good service but limited English.  Lots of parking and seating inside.  Bring your appetite.
Love their fusion tostadas and nachos. Very addicting. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu actually. Cheap prices too. We go everytime we hit up vegas.
salad and bread delicious. entrees just ok.
The 3.5 star review just goes to show,  yinzers don't know what good food is. This place is amazing. Marcus was awesome, very knowledgeable about gluten free. Applause!
Great place for social networking.. Clean very spacious and staff was awesome..   Xoxo pepper!!
Delicious. We came here for breakfast three days in a row, and with all the great places around, that's saying a lot!! Love the chocolate hazelnut croissant! Also, their lattes are great! Bottom line: Come here, you won't regret it!
I had brunch here the other day, it was great! The serving was humongous, yet reasonably priced. The omelet was tasty and healthy. The fruit was super fresh. The ambiance and staff were nice, I'll be back!
Good prices and awesome service. Very friendly wait staff. The chicken satay appetizer and cashew chicken entr\u00e9e are the stars of the show. The Mongolian beef is bland. Love the Thai iced tea here, super sweet and creamy with just the right hint of smokiness.
Awesome kung pao chicken!!!!  The dynamite shrimp werent as spicy as i had hoped, but still good!  everything served family style, so order to share!
They are always nice, and price match.
Ordered the machiatto today. Shot was extremely sour and under extracted. Cafe ambience was nice and hip. By the way, the fruit juices are not fresh squeezed. Instead, it comes in a plastic Oasis branded bottle.
This place is garbage. Everything is overpriced and is bad quality. My battery stopped working after 5 weeks and they refused to replace it. Butt out is a much better smoke shop go there instead.
What happened to you??  :(
Great smartass, cute bartender who talked crap . I really like this place, its like cheers. THe food was good the drink were good and we hit a royal flush while there. I will come back again and will be bringing my hungry, thirsty friends.
The server serve other table first and and let us wait for 20 minutes and we actually came in first
Went in and found it way to expensive and over priced on most items. I'm usually a fan of supporting local businesses, but can't do so in this case.
Love their pizzas and always a nice portion of  fish and chips.
We ate breakfast here and my toast was cold, my potatoes were cold, and my hot tea water was barely warm. The only choice of jelly they had was grape and I don't like grape. We are locals and we will not try this place again! I am sure it will probably be out of business soon anyway.
Who turns away business at 415 in the afternoon and hands you a coupon to come back another day?  Lol this place!  Don't think so.... too many nail places around here. Won't be coming back here!
Where are the cupcakes? The latte was good but expensive. I wanted a cupcake, but the cupcakes were no where to be seeeeeeen. I was saaaaaaad. I cried for hours.
I don't get it?  Food was totally mediocre.  The waiter paraded a platter of uncooked steaks trying to upsell like he was moving timeshares except instead of free Disney tickets our bill was $160 per person, group of ten.  There are much better steak houses.
Typical Las Vegas meat market. Big and crowded and full of people wearing inappropriate clothes. But the martinis are pretty good and the food isn't bad either.
This is consistently some of the best Vietnamese with great pho. The service is fast and you cant beat the price. The staff is genuinely friendly, providing excellent service. Go for the crispy duck...yum! Not fancy, but really, really good.
Hands down the greatest burger place in existence.  PLEASE open in the Chicago area!  P-L-E-A-S-E!!!!
Delicious donuts & pastries. Must try the cronut. On the weekends they have the cronuts and other specialty items. It makes you feel like you're at a small town bakery. Also a bonus that they have a drive through.
A very pleaseant shopping experirnce thanks to the effort of Jerry Swaim. Very helpfull none aggressive and very knowledgable individual . Helped us in selecting the right  mattress showed a real intrest in us as customers and made sure we were completelt satisfied with our purchase.
The atmosphere is excellent if you're into sports.  But the food and service need much improvement.
Great value for kids 7 and under especially if you go Monday thru Thursday... Fifteen dollars and my 2 and 4 year old can play all day and usually do
Service was less than satisfactory.   Food was nothing special, not what I'd expect from a restaurant located on the Strip.  Coffee tasted burnt.  I've had better breakfast at Denneys.
Capital Grille in Las Vegas has gone down hill.  This used to be one of the top steak places in Vegas.  Now that there are so many that are much better, Capital Grille needs to step up their game.  The formality and ambience was disappointing and the food was just  ok.  So sad....
They should post the hours when workers actually make the chocolate.\nSeems too random.  Chocolate was good but not worth the price.  Too commercial!
Food portions were huge, food was just meh.
This location is significantly below par and in need of major upgrades. The building, carts, inside just don't give the patron a good impression about the quality of the products sold there.
Honestly I feel like this place is haunting me. They are hounding me for more money after my insurance paid their part. If only they cared as much about their patients and customer service as did about getting their money!
While the staff was very nice, the food was terrible.  Too much flavorless sauce, too much cheese (which is quite a feat), and the dough tasted worse than my elementary school's cardboard pizza boxes...
Massage services were great. Hair was sub-par. I had to go back for a recolor. I wouldn't go back there again.
They have everything I want in cosmetics
Awesome fast pizza
Service is horrible
Overpriced food and tiny portions.  The food is good but can't compare to authentic street tacos we get in Rocky Point or Baja.
Filthy! Floors, drink station, everything! Returned my sons apples that were completely brown and watched the employee rummage through many more before bringing out a new box... He handed them to me and they were expired.  Never again.
Yuck. Lobster Cantonese was wack. ...Lobster did not taste fresh. ...Service was okay. Line was long after a concert at the Pearl.
Great place for that late night craving for great Mexican food! Definitely recommend this place to the bean and cheese burrito lovers as well as the carne asada fries! I'd choose this robertos over other ones because they have the thing crispy fries that blend well with all the trimmings.
Mini cupcakes are amazing.  Just the right size for these little works of art.  Tried the min chocolate today.  Delish!
Excellent customer service! Everyone at this location is always helpful and quick with my transactions!
Thought I'd give their new location a try. Big mistake. They left the drain plug loose on my engine. Thank God I saw it leaking when I got back to work. I called to talk w manager. He could have cared less. I don't recommend this shop at all. Go elsewhere.
Excellent eggplant parm!  Next time I'll try the meatballs.
Fantastic happy hour. All of the apps were great and well priced
I got the spicy Thai red curry with chicken and was not impressed. The sauce was super watery and the vegetables overpowered the entire dish. I wouldn't recommend the Thai cuisine.
it was ok
Ask Lee for a suggestion. I wish we had places like this in Washington or California!  A great cigar store/lounge where the regulars are friendly and you can sit, smoke a cigar and shoot the breeze with great prices, selection and company.
This place is not like the pictures. It is dirty and everything is broken. This place need a huge renovation. The tv's are from the 80's and taking a shower doesn't make you feel clean. At least it is across from the MGM so you can spend your time over there.
The owner Kai is super friendly, from Hawaii just like me and full of Aloha! The food is sooooooo good! I walk in and Kai always knows what I want to eat. Everything is made fresh to order and delicious. I highly recommend!
Not the best place to be. There was so fun vibes and its super small. Stairs, heels, and drunks never mix. One of my friends had a table there so I went. Honestly I don't think I would go back.
Not the best museum in Las Vegas but is one that you should see. Especially if you are a regular to sin city. We walked through it and I'm happy we did. Not as good as the Mob Museum but better then the sex museum.
Salmon was good. Drinks were too sweet. No candles for a birthday?  Please. Not coming back
great help
Professional, prompt, efficient, courteous, etc.  might be a bit on the expensive end....but you get what you pay for.
Dried meats and cheeses, and desserts/truffles are pretty good.  Meh about everything else.  They get props for being a little off-beat, and having some very specific food choices.  Would be more stars if the entrees were on par with the apps and desserts.
The staff was really patient with my extremely fussy young son. The price is amazing and the food is delicious, especially for the price. Not the best buffet in Vegas, but definitely very nice, I would eat there again.
Very easy to work with. Imaginative and Friendly guys to help you get what you want out of your muscle car. Widow works with you to create a plan to get what you want out of your dream car. I had used a couple other shops around town for my 1968 Camaro RS/SS and Widow Industries was a great find.
Great service at this shop.  I was referred to them by Nationwide Insurance.  Keith took great care of me and the car was delivered on time and the repair was perfect!  All around great experience!!  I would definitely recommend.
SO good.  a little gem.  everything is delicious and great options for vegetarians.
Lived here for 6 yrs and never tried this place. That was a big mistake ad this place is great. We will definitely be back!
I love SouthPoint! I always win money here and Bartenders are great! BUT the FOOOOOOOD kinda sucks. Especially at the Buffet! They need some improving for sure. Other than that if you want to win come here! Good theater and Bowling!
If you are going to devote an entire store to cupcakes, shouldn't the cupcakes be good?  I've tried this place three times and each time the cakes were dry.  Once I would describe the taste as \"oily.\"
Owner sold unrestricted Groupon coupons, then told customers the coupons were only good for certain items. Unethical, owner will probably go into politics once he runs this place out of business.  I'll never return!\nThank You Groupon for issuing a full refund.
Fresh tofu towards the back is a must if you see them! Good selection of veggies and snacks. The workers could be more friendly and the environment could improve but this is the best place for Asian goods if you live in Pittsburgh. Come during the weekday or later in the day during weekends otherwise parking is almost impossible.
I had a very good experience at Fix. I had the Ribeye steak and fries which was excellent. The atmosphere was upbeat and the staff was attentive and friendly.
Grade: C\n\nThink about it. Italian food in Verona, WI... Yeah. The bartendresses are the hottest in Dane County. This is worth the trip out to Verona.
Very fancy and great location/service, but food left much to be desired.  This is a see and be seen place not a foodies paradise.
So, with all the hype we were super excited to try this place. Honestly, it was mediocre ice cream stacked between a mediocre cookie. It didn't taste spectacular by any means. I felt like I had the same quality with a gas station ice cream sandwich. Sorry :/
Great club! What it should be with a great sound system. Make sure you get a table i the theatre area as tehre is a hip hop room upstairs and also a back roomo where you can't see the performers.
Sat at the counter for over an hour while others came in after us and then got served, and we continue waiting, no food.  Got up and left, complained to the manager, he could care less.. never going to another Denny's
The beer selection is outstanding, both bottles and draughts. Service is friendly but slow. The food varies, our friends ordered wings and loved them, the pimento cheese dip billed as spicy was quite bland. My biggest complaint, backless stools at the high top tables. Just not comfortable after an hour or so.
So after visiting Rudy's today, I was able to do a much closer comparison. Texas BBQ House definitely has better moist brisket than Rudy's!
They exercised their right to refuse us service because we were accompanied by a child under the age of 6. I'm exercising my right to Yelp them 1 star. Consequently, we found our way to Bigham Tavern, dropped $100, got fat and drunk and had a blast!
I have eaten here many times and high expectations and each time it is exceeded my remembrance of how great it is...This is coming from someone that didn't like pizza until later on in life and still now I am somewhat critical of pizza.
Complete ripoff artists I wish I had checked Yelp before being ripped off here. \nThey will lie to you to get the sale and not provide services requested and overcharge.  AVOID!!!!
Iv been here a few time this is an old school mediocre food Italian restaurant service is fair interior is actually cool.
I found everything I needed to make my Japanese meals, but I wish there were more bento selections...and maybe a little bigger (if I can be greedy).  The staff was very friendly, which made my first-time visit enjoyable!  This is going to be my go-to place for Japanese groceries!
I asked for the manager and the manager wasn't there.  The person that replied wasn't even there to comment on this situation and of course would say anything to make themselves look good and there were no other customers in front of me, I know for sure the lady that almost got serviced before me worked there.  I am not going back another visit.
The people are very helpful prices are very high Maricopa needs a Home Depot or a second choice for a store
my manicures and pedicures always turn out great. lasts a long time and artists are very precise. i always go to tony. thanks :)
This place is great. Yes, like other yelpers said, it is a bit pricey but it's good clean food not 15 seconds in a microwave crap. You get what you pay for!!
Twice the bartender was petting a dog and never washed her hands. I quickly lost my appetite.
They have wonderful service and food is delicious. I would highly recommend you go here. Atmosphere is warm and cozy.
My guest and I came  at a dead time during the day and we basically had to wave down a Bartendar (which was 5 on the floor)to get a drink and to start taking our order . The bartenders were too busy on talking amongst each other to serve their customers . Way to expensive not worth it again never coming back
Food was marginal at best, service was awful. Was expecting a decent meal, and got Airport-quality Chinese food.
I expected more in the way of decorating items. There is a lot of market items and I bet you could find whatever you are looking for in that area. Prices are average. Although I left with a few small items I expected more.
Fantastic food!! Amazingly attentive service!! Coffee was hot and fresh, not too acidic and definitely not weak. I had biscuits and gravy, the wife had an omelette. The kids are a Mickey Mouse pancake and Belgian waffles with chocolate chips. An excellent breakfast for all. Big smiles all around.
Hole in the wall place with good fresh tasting sushi. All-u-can-eat is the way to go. Service is good,but, slow getting the food out. The cute waitresses are very friendly and attentive. I'll be back!
Lieu magnifique au coeur de la ville. Id\u00e9al pour des balades.\nOn raconte beaucoup d'\u00e9cureuils !
NOT good at all. Really disappointed after I read several good reviews
Very expensive liquor and a horrible wine selection. A bottle of good vodka or cognac is easily $10 or more per bottle.  Before ownership changed the wine selection was OK now it's comparable to 7-11. I hear the food is good however.  Smh
Hot food is barely Warm. For a place advertise \"seafood\" as speciality. it is disappointing. They need to take cooking class.
My dad and I frequent this place often when we have lunch together.  The staff has been unfailingly nice, the prices are mid-range but the quality is great.  The lunch / happy hour specials rock socks.
This is the first pho place I visited in vegas and it's good! The rice dishes are good too.
Had the BEST smoked salmon omelette here with bottomless champagne for brunch Sunday. This place is soo pretty. Service was very good after a bumpy start. The prices are very reasonable for such a beautiful place. I would love to come back here. --
I LOVE this place! I have been getting my gels done here by peter for almost a year now. Best nail salon in Vegas! My gels stay on for weeks:) love it
We had a great beef pho.  The owner was extremely kind and let us grab some takeout even as they were closing.  We sat outside and enjoyed a great meal.
Taste like nasty rye bread bagels. Have had way better, but then again I'm from the East Coast. Go to Dunkin Donuts they're better for a chain that makes bagels.
I was her (can't remember her name) first client of the day and she seemed a bit upset ...for $15 I got the dead ends cut off but I also got a very uneven haircut. She was wearing sandals which is a huge health violation..won't be back
The sea bass on drunken noodles is my personal favorite, but so far every dish I've had here has been delicious. And great service to boot, but don't be surprised to wait for a table. The word is getting out about how good the food is.
Pretty much like any average buffet.  They do have it in sections for the different types of food so that is nice.  The food is nothing special, but not bad at all.  They do have a nice all you can drink for a good price.  As long as your server is fast you can pretty much keep the drinks coming.
Don't leave anything in your car it will be gone when you get your car back, \nWorst manager I ever talked to
Right across from US Airways Center in Downtown Phoenix. Nice place to go to if your in the area. Lot of signed stuff adorns the wall here, as is the case with all Hard Rock Cafe's. Nice bar, food and drinks get pricey however.
Terrible Service. Missed service times on two occassions. Had to call back less than a week later for the same drain clog. The tech (Shilo) failed to explain what he had or had not done then he hung up and would not explain the situation.  Resorted to another plumber that cleared the drain in short order.
Outstanding Chinese in the wasteland of central Illinois. Get the salt and pepper chicken. This place appears to be hardcore, no whities while I dined. The menu has a special section only in Chinese. Strange sign on the wall says: Please clean your table for the next customer.
Love this donut shop!!....\n been going here for 7 years!!!... best place ever for an awesome donut!...
I really enjoyed the salad and pizza. While the pricing isn't inexpensive I feel you get what you pay for. Service was good and outside seating very pleasant.
Holy crap!!!  So damn good!!  Bwa!  I love it!!  YES!!  Now please bring one to LA!
Their products are great, a little pricey, but great.\n\nThe sales-associates are pushy & ask you to try everything in the store, and it gets a little old. Most women just like to shop & not be bothered, but this is not a store you can do that in.
Entertaining show on The Strip. Sit up high if you don't want to get wet with paint or covered with streams of TP.
All my experiences here have been horrible including their north las vegas location. Stay away !:
This Savers location has as good a selection, if not better, as any other Savers location. The parking is very limited. Be careful of parking in the Wendy's restaurant lot next door. There are a multitude of signs warning of a potential tow.
Super yummy spicy pork tacos! The locals eat here. The tacos are small so order a few... You order your food first and then you pay.
No, just no.  So dirty, always out of soap and paper towels. Only meat heads that care about other meat heads. Terrible account management as well. Doesn't even deserve a star.
bleh.. Ordered longanesa.. eggs.. rice. My friend got the beef.. eggs.. rice. All the food was lacking. Forgettable. Eggs were over done. Longanesa from LeeLee probably.. Beef was dry. This place was boo boo-
The restaurant is in a busy outdoor mall. Came down for a show at symphony hall (10 min walk) and wanted to grab a bite beforehand. The food was well prepared and the service was attentive, but nothing really special and the ambience left a lot to be desired. Likely won't be back.
Err.... I wouldn't stop here again.  It's a classic joint but this location was not the best of A & W's.  At least it's on Route 66
The hunt for good chinese in the Valley continues... Had high expectations, but this place was just OK, not bad, not memorable. Nice friendly service. Place was packed at lunch, maybe I ordered the wrong dish? Sweet & Sour soup was blah...
Love breakfast all day and all the gluten free options.  Scrambles, omelets and skillets are delish!
What a great meal!  Everything tasted so good and the meats were just delicious.  Thanks fellow yelpers!
This place is a total rip-off! Crappy music and false advertisement to boot!  Avoid it like the plague! We had a better time at Rain on Saturday and there was no cover!
For those looking for a quality sub and can't find it at a chain restaurant this is the spot. Subs are priced a little high compared to a chain but you get what you pay for.
Asked for a simple substitution which every other maddness has done (some free some for charge). Not only did they refuse, girl at counter was pissy on the phone as well as pick up. Poor customer service is an understatement.
Bad, watery sushi.\nOverly sweet rolls.\nGood french fries (huh? at a sushi place?)\nOverpriced drinks.\nAt least the company was good.\nGo across the street to the Persian Room.
Great food, great drink. I had the crab enchiladas (very good) and a Margarita Flight (1 Patron, 1 Passion Fruit and 1 I do not remember). This place never disappoints.
Very disappointing. Chicken quesadilla was shredded and loaded with so much queso that it was soggy. Surprised because they have such a good rep but Im going to stick with Cabo Fish Taco.
Gotta Love Target. If we cant  find what we are looking for at a local business then we go to Target. I have never had any problems.
Out of business.
Not a bad Mexican food chain restaurant. Servers are attentive. \n\nBut there's a much better and cheaper option down the street from this joint.
Save your money and frustration!!! I have never been treated so horrible by a manager in customer service in my life. And the food isn't great to begin with. This place will go under...just wait for it...
The food was great and the service was exceptional! I'm not a big fast food girl but this place was healthy, tasty and super fast! I'm vegetarian and my boyfriend is a true carnivore and we both loved the food! The restaurant space was super comfortable and VERY clean! We'll be back!
We got in for free from Social House upstairs, but left pretty quickly.  The club is rather small, and when we were there, it was pretty empty.  I certainly wouldn't pay to come in here.
Hey just FYI, try the potato skins, nasty made with imitation bacobits! Frozen potato skins as well. Other food was predictable.good price.
Bad food. Good prices. Not worth it at all, and it was very crowded when I went. There were a ton of people all dressed up and it was chaotic. There was literally hundreds of kids there. (Maybe there was an event at the Temple?). Also, bad service.
Food is definately not the reason to trek to this place. I found the wedding soup inedible and the prices mediocre for below average Italian. Experience was interesting and kitsch, and server was kind and replaced soup without hesitation. Just so many competent restaurants on the strip that made my experience below average.
Was in Vegas for the weekend. Ordered pizza for delivery & it never showed up.
I went there this past weekend with a friend and enjoyed their Dim Sum! They had so much more variety then the one at the PHX cultural center! Their spare ribs and chowmein on the cart was AMAZING! We had so much left over and it was so cheap! The people were very friendly too!
this used to be my go to spot for sushi until three people close to me (all from different visits) got food poisoning from this place. \n\non top of all that, the last time I went the fish weren't fresh at all.  sad....\nthe uni was borderline gross....
I'm giving this 3 stars due to ambiance.  Please change the music.  Hard to enjoy the music with fast loud club music going on.  I was turned off.  The ambiance and food is better at Mandalay Bay, Strip Steak.
This is an awesome zoo. I actually prefer it to Phoenix Zoo because it is usually quieter, it's more spread out and there is more of a chance to interact with the animals. I also really like their aquarium setup, especially the chance to pet the rays!
I've come here on and off a bunch of times over the years and never had a less than solid meal.  The food is \"b+\" Asian cuisine and the service is always rock solid.  For a quick, tasty and convenient meal if you are nearby, this a very good choice.
i love this place so much)))))))my favorite place!!!
Maestros in Las Vegas is amazing!  Heather our waitress was authentic helpful and professional. She went above and beyond to be personable and kind. We had the best steak ever.  The service and the butter cake is out of this world!  Service is exceptional- a wonderful retreat in crazy Las Vegas!  Go there. You won't be disappointed.
I've been to the Pinks in LA and its no where near as good here.  It will do for a quick snack but there is no indoor seating and the place is actually pretty small.  Prices are pretty high for what you get.  Skip it.
Steak good.\nBread good.\n\nThey were about to close but let us in anyway. We were saved from starvation!!!\nService good.\n\nOverall: satisfying meal.
I have to come here once a month to pay rent as it's the closest to my place and every time is the same thing.. Expect to wait in line at least 15min. There's normally only one banker taking all the clients.. Never a pleasant experience.
Im a sucker for a good Hole in the Wall...and this totally fit the bill. \n\nSuper nice, and very sexy bartenders sling very strong and inexpensive drinks. Not on the path for the normal Vegas tourist, but totally a place id be happy to visit again.
th eonly thing i love here is the harry potter roll!
As others have said, from the outside you wonder where you have decided to stay. But once inside your room you are pleasantly surprised to see how nice the rooms are.\n\nIn the morning I was rushed, and disappointed that the breakfast was available at 630 as it was supposed to be.
I usually love this place but it's gone bad. Went to one in wv the other day and it was good. I think different owners. My beef this one is the cheese. Very pour quality. Bread and sauce still good though.
Pro: good view for 1st time, nice room\nCons: room 25052 cannot lock, request 2 queens but got king with small extra bed, breakfast?!?!
I tried this today. Bout the same as Filibertos and I always feel really bad after eating it. Just like today. Heartburn and just uck. Not good.
Worst sliders/burgers I have ever had.  You could tell they were frozen, pre-made patties of low quality beef.  They had grilled onions LOADED all over them to make matters worse.  I have never wasted a hamburger before experiencing this nasty place.
Best bagel sandwich in Oldtown Scottsdale  for the price. This is a great quick and easy breakfast spot. Don't understand the mediocre reviews. Definitely recommend
Is it just me? Or, does it seem like bringing a gun to this Walgreens is getting more and more appropriate?
This could be a fantastic venue, always 5 stars, if they paid closer attention to detail, and focused on service. The food and desserts were great. I would say that this location has potential. Had the Brookie... definitely a favorite!
Windsor is one of my favorite happy hour places. The drinks are great! I love the #89! So yummy! The foods good, too. Nothing super fancy, amazing kale salad.
Recommended by a fellow Yelper from Phoenix. Everything all Yelpers said about the place was right on the money! Looking forward to my next visit.
My friends raved about this but I actually didn't care for it. Maybe I need to give it another shot, or my friends are crazy. I think they're crazy, lol.
The staff bring and eat their own food in the dining area...
Great sandwich shop.  Pastrami deluxe is my favorite.
This is very nice bar packed during weakends and sometimes even on a Monday. The decor is very nice but when crowded it takes a very long time to get a drink.
It's good for a buffet. Price is reasonable and there's a variety of food. Large seating accommodations. If youre a BConneted member a get a discount. They have Sunday brunch with champagne
Decent sandwiches. Terrible slowwww service. There is no reason that with only two other tables seated I should wait 20 minutes for a drink 25 to order and then another 30 minutes for a SANDWHICH. On top of that it wasn't particularly clean.
This club is really nice. The decor is amazing. But it seems like they let in way too many people past the fire code though. This is one of those clubs which you must get a table. If not you can't even move.
I told the employee I would like extra cheese 3 times and I ended up with double meat. I was the only customer in there and she seemed distracted. When I got home i took a bite and thr bread just crumbled into pieces. I will never return to this subway again.
This is my favorite restaurant in Old Town hands down. Great patio on the canal when the weather is nice and gorgeous decor inside when it's too hot. I have never ordered something I didn't love.
Kind of annoying I walked up to the door 45 minutes before closing, and they were already shutting it down. Bad for business. I won't be back. The girls and the male server just stared at me and went back to cleaning and talking without approaching the door.
love this place! We had the same waiter both times and Ian was awesome! Food is really good too! Will be back again. Especially like the beer samples so we know what to choose :-)
Meh. Not too impressed. Ordered the asiago chicken pasty and garlic oven fries - they were nothing to write home about. This place is also not very kid friendly, in my opinion. Probably won't go back.
I enjoyed the interior set up with full bar and full sushi bar as well. The prices are a bit pricey but the sizes of the rolls will make up for it. Usually you have Sushi and Thai but here you have Sushi and Korean cuisine. Definitely will come back.
closed!!!!!
Easy accessible target, always clean and neat. It has the light rail right across. An open not cluttered place. Probably my favorite target here in central Phoenix.
Longest wait ever!!!!!!!!!!!! Wtf we had a reservation and waited over an hour
I had a daily deal and ordered a dozen coconut cupcakes. They were good and looked good to:)
Probably the best on campus. They spray A LOT for bugs, which is awesome. They take care of almost everything right away. It's a family owned business and they do a great job. \n\nThe only thing that was  odd  was their payment plan. It was a bit confusing but just make sure to ask lots of questions.
It was a nice little cafe that I would recommend to others. The server was super nice and the food was good. I'm not sure why other people are ranting, it's not a five star restaurant. It's a local cafe which is ALWAYS better than some chain restaurant. I will definitely go back.
My vehicle was failed state inspection because of a claim I was missing specific emission equipment. So I went to the dealership to pickup the missing parts and the dealership informed me that my vehicle has never had the emissions parts in question.
Went here because of the Yelp reviews, was definetly not impressed. The atmosphere is dark like a bar, the food is below average. Sushi tasted like it had been sitting around for a while. I would NOT recommend this place.
Greasy food, lazy service, flat soda.  For a place the is supposed to specialize in burgers they sucked!  The patty was dry and over cooked everything was greasy, and the only thing that was ok were the fries but that is not a reason to go.
Friendly staff, decent food. A wide selection of foods. Wouldn't say it's the best place in town, but if you're up for some adequate Chinese food near downtown, this place isn't too bad. They say they're Chinese fusion, but I don't remember seeing anything that seemed out of the ordinary.
The cookies come out of a rubbermaid bucket which isn't that appetizing.  Then the taste is less so.  I get the old-school Mill Ave charm, but these guys need to bring their A-game.
This particular Starbucks is slightly small so don't expect a seat at peak times, but any other time the lack of space makes it feel really homely. Prices could be a bit cheaper but dont break the bank.
the home of slurpee!!!! \nwhen u live in vegas, and the temperature goes up to 116 in the summer, there is no better way than to go for a slurpee run.
Nice, easy course but beware: you can reserve a threesome to find out that an old man will be your fourth, and he wants to date you.  He proudly boasts that he only paid $20 when you and your peers paid $65/pp. Yickes!
I am a huge Nekter fan. I go here every morning and switch up my orders all the time because everything on the menu is amazing. Great customer service as well.
My post is behind because I just realized I never hit submit. Either way love these guys. Wookie was the best, got my LG Optimus up and running for me in two days. I actually broke my phone two days ago, so I'll be heading back over this week to see these guys.
pulled pork was a bit fatty. cool atmosphere. bbq sauce was tasty, but watery...i am used to texas bbq which is thick. apparently NC bbq sauce is that way. wait staff was talented and nice.
Don't go to them unless you want to overpay and have your things ruined. See details under Mobile Mini Tempe, the main office.
The pizza was really good especially the tomato sauce that they used.\nHowever, I'm not really a fan of pizza place where you pay for each topping that you want, which can be pricey. . I prefer specialty pizza menu. \nThe environment is more of a family pizza place.
This is an incredible show! It was so worth the money. I had really good seats courtesy of AngeLiKa Boutique Concierge. Awesome price for the tickets, awesome seats, awesome show! See for yourself. Nuff-said.
The Keno is Goooooooooooooood!! Won 5G
The hostess yawned about 5 times while taking our name and on our way back from the restroom while waiting to be seated, I saw at least 8 tables open and no one getting seated. Not a good start so we left and went elsewhere.
Small little place down to earth quiet setting awesome biscuits and gravy you have to come before 11 or you won't get breakfast
Found the perfect couch here.  Darryn was our sales guy and was very helpful.  Lots of selections here.  We were pleasantly surprised.
Really fun.  I always take people from out of town there.  Always good after the river too.  \n\nSometimes the hostess gives me a hard time about reservations for the Teppan Yaki, but it's worth it...
Great atmosphere good beer and great food. Loved the building a lot of fun.
Good dim sum place to eat .. Especially that's their specialty. They have a good crowd. Very good on service. Food was great . Definitely come back here if I visit again.
Wynn the  best hotel and service , we will come back  with my friend .
A little hard to find with no sign indicating that its Dick's but it has a nice dim atmosphere. Service was good too. I order the pasta and it wasn't that good, but everything else that was ordered to my table was pretty tasty!
Quick, clean, efficient, comes frequently - no complaints. I just wish there were more stops!
Delivery: I just paid $27 for two tiny room-temperature pizzas. Can't believe it.  Feel completely cheated.\n\nNot sure how they can get away with two locations.  Montreal has some GREAT places for pizza but the overall standard really needs to improve so places like this won't exist.
Great food and great service.  We had their lemongrass soup, fish cake, BBQ chicken, pai Thai,  pineapple fried rice and curry beef.  All was so great, hot and tasty.  I will def go back again.
This place is actually fun. But dont come here expecting a huge theme park. And you're better off just buying the all day pass. \n\nSomething different to do other than hit up the casinos. Also use the coupon they offer in those little vegas booklets you see all over the place.
Just not very good. I told them the po boy didn't taste right and the didn't seem to care.
Great for brunch, but I expected more and better tasting. Great to bring groups, The food wasn't its best though I like the prime rib. The price was fair for a buffet in Las Vegas. Not really a great tasting so called feast buffet...
Decent build a burger ...had the burger with pepper jack everything was good but would be better if they seasoned the meat
I was not a fan of this location, the service here, or the food. It  just tasted different. Too bad because this one is a lot closer to home.
The sandwiches are huge and pretty good, but I can get equally good food for a lower price somewhere else. The beer is of course delicious. Only when I'm really in the mood for a ton of food I go indulge at fatheads.
Awesome food! All i got to say. They deliver and you also can eat in. Friendly people also! Portions are good size.
Loved the pan fried paneer and the hakka noodles!
Probably the worst Mexican food of all time.  They do have good Cadillac margaritas but that the only reason I would give them a star.  The food was absolutely horrible.  I do not even want to go into detail about why it was so bad.
My dog Murph Man has been coming here for years. The staff are all dog lovers and I love the picture updates they send throughout the day. Murphy always comes home tired from playing with the other dogs and the walks they take him on throughout the day. I would recommend DS to any Scottsdale dog owner!
I got the fried shrimp plate. It was way over fried. the macaroni salad and rice were really good though.
Updated rooms, great location, quiet and clean. Loved it!
Run the other way! Overpriced. Recommending unnecessary service. Misrepresent their service plans. Not communicative when problems come up. Never again.
Not a fancy place by any stretch of the imagination, but if you want to get up close and personal with the animals, this is the place to be. It's apparent they take excellent care of the animals and seem to constantly be improving the facilities. Great for families and animal lovers alike!
It is fast food and reminiscent of all fast food.  Clearly Sonic is about shakes and deserts.  This location continues that.  What distinguishes the location is the group of young people that always have a positive attitude. They provide their name and check back with about 1/2 through your service.
Been here multiple times and have never had a bad experience.  The pizza, while a bit pricey, never dissapoints. The salads are very tasty too.
Go during the day and during the week! The guy told us that during the weekend it can be an 1 hour 45 minute wait!
Wings took almost a full 30 minutes\nReally?\nVery unorganized\nWhen upon entering its very unwelcoming and if you're there for a bday party, you have to wander around to find the right area. Nothing is labeled and nobody to ask\nEven Chuck e Cheese is better
The clothes are cute-but vastly overpriced. Unless you are a typical size four,or have never had children, you're out of luck. The staff are rude and unfriendly.... consistently. No one smiles in here. A big downer.
Husband and I went for dinner, it was not busy and were seated right away. Sat there for 30 minutes and no one ever came to even get our drink order, we walked out!! Very limited menu. Would not recommend.
I love this place beyond words.  They have a good selection of vegan food, and their fake meat is awesome.The soynamis and oatmeal cookies are amazing.  Can't recommend it enough.
Great location and fun for drinks on a beautiful day. If their food quality was better it would be worth the price, because it's just OK at best. That's the only thing missing from this place which is too bad cuz other than the food I love it.
Nice lunch menu...I cannot review for dinner, I haven't been back to this place for over 5 years....my most recent trip was for lunch, the menu is extensive and great pricing.
The Pork Barbacoa Salad is amazing... in fact.. anything that involves their marinated pork is really a highlight of the restaurant.  \n\nI will never go to Chipotle again. This is the best \"fast food type\" mexican in town.
Long line to get in; however the food was worth the wait.
It has been some time since I had patronage Churches Chicken and now I remember why. I ordered the chicken strips, fries and a drink. I ordered a mixture of original chicken and spicy chicken. Well, to be honest it was all bland, that was the taste I remembered and why I had not been back. Too bad!
Food was ok.  We had a group of 5 and the orders were as follows: \n\n2 orders of fish tacos\n1 tortilla soup and house salad\nTaco salad\nShrimp fajitas\n\nGreat portions and reasonable prices for them.  Service was slow though.
We ordered a dish that was similar to a Shepherd's pie and was excellent.  If you are visiting from the Midwestern US, think of it as a gourmet hot dish.  Great food at a great price, and also located on a great street for evening drinks and walking.  I'd go back again on another visit to Montreal.
The family had the breakfest buffet and it had a great selection for all to like.  The cost was 25 per person.  Your options are limited on a Sunday morning.  I would do it again.  The service was good and my daughters omelette was very good also.  the fruits are very plentiful and a great addition to the bacon.
I have been going to Lenscrafters for years. The service at this new location is amazing!  The doctor was very thorough and the opticians were very helpful at selecting my new glasses. There was no pressure and I truly felt they had my best interest at heart. Great job Lenscrafters!
The view was beautiful overlooking the newly reopened Market Square. The food was average. If only Mexico City could move to this space, both the view AND the food would rock!
Above average sushi place.  Quality sushi tasted very fresh.  Nice inside with private booths along with sushi bar.  Excellent service.  Good prices.  What else can you ask for?
Saw the Angels/Rangers game here on Tuesday.  A nice stadium, $5 to park, and reasonable lawn tickets at $6.  Don't waste your money on an expensive seat...chances are you can just go sit down low anyway.
Everything was fine, just surprised anyhow old of movies they were still playing. Some had been in theaters 3-4 months. Seems to be the jr. High hangout place
They're a little expensive for what it is, but I liked my Chai Latte and a piece of the Black Widow cake. The ambience is really laid back, and the patrons are friendly and erudite I'd say. Cool place to chill that isn't a bar. You can even rent DVD's here.
Just another greasy spoon.
I am updating my review and increasing their score because they called me a coupe days ago and offered to make good on the $60 Black Friday deal they had originally backed out of. Thank you.
I was there for a lunch w/ a french friend that recommended the place. Like the menu and the place. A little pricey maybe, but they have lunch specials.\nI ate a pizza and was very good, I also order a cappuccino that they serve exactly how I like.
Thanks to our waiters (Hilary & Norman) for their suggestions and friendly/professional service. We definitely we come back here. \nI had the surf & turf and it was delisious.
Great hole in the wall chicken wing joint. Large variety of flavors - will need many more visits before I've tried a majority of them. An OK beer selection, and flat screens abound for watching sports.
Pretty decent for a chain, always fast service and order is always correct.  Normally can have pizza to my door in under 30 minutes and the prices are good during their promos.  For me I always choose Papa John's over the others here in Maricopa just because I like their service and normally prefer their pizza.
Honest service. Hard workers. They won't try n upsell you like Parker n sons.
I won't hurry back.  I did enjoy the amount of avocado they put on my veggie burger.  The sweet potato fries were okay.  The line was a bit long and the food a bit over priced.
Thanks Kevin for the new electric panel! We can now use our brand-new dryer. Yay!!! No more clotheslines.
Had a better experience today with that particular bartender. Just went in for a couple beers to add to the mini tour. Service today was good.
great sushi
Our chihuahua ripped open a bag of chocolate protein shake and we called Alta Vista. The lady was SO KIND and informative over the phone. We were able to bring him in with a stomach full of peroxide and fortunately he threw up all the powder.
Food and service was outstanding.  Had the escargot appetizer and filet mingnon for dinner, drinks were great too.  I would recommend this restaurant.
Joe is the best!  He is very passionate about massage and very educated.
We tried them all from Surprise to Peoria. This place in Goodyear is the best. They actually have good rolls on the happy hour unlike other places that put the Welfare rolls on the happy hour menu . Try this place and you won't be disappointed!
Usually less busy at 8am than the other Starbucks locations in Spring Valley and the drive thru is open again! Free wifi as usual and lots of place to sit.
I gave this place a try on my way home from Las Vegas.  Awesome kalbi short ribs!  The staff was nice and efficient.
The owners daughter was rude. She got our order wrong and when I tried to tell her that she made a mistake she snapped at me and my kids and family. ******DO NOT GO HERE!!!!!!!! I would go ZERO stars, but can't.
If you're into hot dogs, come to Pink's for some very large dogs that come in a wide variety of flavors and tastes. The hot dogs are heavily loaded, so bring your appetite!
always add extra time for the bus to arrive. do not trust the time indicators! 10min is about 20 min or so..
My husband and I have been in Charlotte for 6 years and are on a never ending search to find great places to spend quality time as a family.  Freedom Park happens to be one of our latest finds!  Great place to spend an afternoon with lots of great photo spots!  Great walking trails and playground too!
You get a free birthday drank if you sign up for it a bit ahead of your birthday! It's pretty awesome. But this is your average run of the mill Starbucks. Nothing special!
Holy SMOKE, this place had so much cigarrette smoke in the air it looked hazy.  It made the dining less enjoyable.  We went for the famous \"Steak Special\". And I must say it was pretty darn good.  The green beans and mash potatoes that accompanied it was enjoyable as well.
Possibly the best selection of products when it comes to a Best Buy.  Unfortunately, nothing can make up for employees who say one thing and do another.
I like this place best when no one else is there to talk to except the staff and a couple of locals.  On the weekends, this place is crazy busy but all other time's Spin provides a relaxing atmosphere where sophisticated locals have a drink while carrying on discussions about various topics. They also have a fantastic jazz night!
Not good. Service was not good. Waiter didn't listen to our order and the pizza sauce was way too sweet. Toasted divinci sandwich was good
Asado is a great hangout!  Good food and drinks.  The menu is full of very tasty choices. I like the feel of a Mexican Hacienda meets High Tech.  Cool place with good food!  I live in the area and felt like I was at my own Casa! Only thing missing was my pool!
We did not eat at the Road Kill Grill instead we Came here to pick up my 5 bone standing rib roast. It was good, but it wasn't great. Didn't have any more flavor or tenderness than a supermarket brand and it was expensive.
I live a block away from the park...I won't take my daughter here since the playground is always torn up
Fez Burger was just ok, garlic fries were terrible and a $3 up charge. Everything seemed store bought from the bread to the patties to the fries.
The best steak house on the strip.  The roasted steaks are great.  Fries should not be missed!  Quite expensive.  Awesome service.  Incredible wine list (study it before you dine).
This is my roommate's favorite AYCE sushi in town, and I'm always happy with a good crunch roll. My friends adore the seafood salad and no-name roll.
Great selection, surprisingly reasonable prices for the quality and amount of food you receive. Attentive and knowledgable staff.  Most sundaes come with whipped cream, chocolate curls, and what apparently is the chocolatiers piece of chocolate that the sundae was designed after. Lots of flavor milkshakes.
I've only been here once. The donuts were okay but didn't seem special. Although I got there at 7:30 a.m. they didn't have a single donut with nuts on top. \nCash only
I LOVE MARATHONS!! Everything is fantastic. It always tastes the same which equals HEAVENLY... that's all I can say.
Was not all the impressed by their dishes.  The one dish that stood out was the fried oysters. The XO string bean and fried rice were mediocre. Their seafood looked very good unfortunately they had run out of rock fish cod.
Asked sales associate if they match competitors prices and was told \"we don't have competitors\". We told him if that's the case then we'll just go back over to your competitor and buy from them.
Great atmosphere & delicious drinks, but this place reeks of cigarettes. The stench is overwhelming & is the only reason I probably won't return.
I was greeted and seated promptly. Ordered special pho combo p1 and it was out in less than 3 minutes hot and delicious. Very impressive! The cigar smell is annoying but they can't do much about that as the neighboring shop is a cigar bar. Price is right. No complaints! I shall return.
This is a good local spot for Italian. The food is amazing and the service is usually pretty good. Delivery options make it convenient to order on late work nights. Oh, and check the staff calendar if you get a chance!
Overall experience was great but the manager was a total douche. The employees seemed unhappy like it was a dictatorship in there.
a fine repertory cinema/cinema museum, not to mention the high shrine to Quebec film
We tried pa Thai with shrimp and ong Choy last night , it both tasty , but the price kind of high , and the veggie -- ony Choy , they only have cook the stem , no leaf \uff0cwhich $8.99 an order , no match the price!
Hidden due to construction, look hard to find location. Service could have been better, waitress needs to be more upbeat and cheerful.
The was the worst maintained course I've played on, maybe ever. I could see more brown dirt than green grass on much of the fairways and even the greens.\n\nI won't go back and I will tell people to avoid.
i had a pleasant experience with stingray the service was outstanding, the food was phenomenal and the dining atmosphere was everything anyone can ask for in fine dining.\n\nill definitely be going back
Great place and a sister resturant to Egg and I.  I got the Burrito with fruit and it was very good and very filling.  The place is fast so you don't have to wait long for a yummy breakfast!
Best Mexican food in AZ. Good price and great taste.
The food was mediocre. I had high hopes of the food, but was somewhat disappointed. It wasn't nasty,  it was just nothing to write home about.
Horrible service!! Sat for 15 minutes without any service. One server came to the table beside us and walked away. I mentioned to the hostess what happened and she was like ok, what do you want me to do about it. We walked out.
This place is delicious!!!  The service is good and the food is yummy and extremely inexpensive.  I had never had pupusas before my experince here, and it was definitely something i enjoyed!
Order from online said 30-45minutes sadly 1 hour 10 minutes later we had cold food and greasy spring rolls. Not the best delivery service or food in Vegas. Try something else. No apologies for the late or cold food.
I love this place! I've been coming me for a few years now. They treat you like family here!
This place is the best hot yoga in PHX! Tried 3 different places and finally found one where everyone is so nice and helpful. It doesn't smell and it's super clean! Prices are reasonable and so are the times of classes.
x
Enjoyed two pizzas via take out last night. I thought that the pizzas were decent and was impressed that they were ready when we arrived. The restaurant was packed and about 30 people were waiting for tables. It certainly seems like a popular place.
I've been several times and almost always enjoy the food. Some sides are bland and sometimes the fries are soggy, but food and service are usually what you'd expect. The atmosphere is nice inside and wonderful on the patio, weather permitting.  If your in the mood for Greek, you'll likely enjoy your visit.
I'm not trying to be a jerk. I'm just a bit confused why this place is closed on a holiday weekend on Forth of July at Midnight. I think
We were greeted very cordially. The lady who fitted us took time to find several choices for us. And even though we weren't both able to find something this visit, we will check here whenever we're in the area.
Nice place to play and eat.  Never stayed... but the place pays!
Been here a few times, I guess I go for convenience since its close by.  It's an OK place but I had better.  Service is good and the product is like I said OK.  I've had Mr. Sushi on Black Canyon HWY which is better.
The food is tasty, but if I call one more time and the person that answer messes up my order I may snap.
I have been coming to Dr. Phan for a few years now.  He is a caring and meticulous doc!  I love everyone in his office.  I had some old fillings replaced and they were done perfectly!  My teeth are so clean that I hate to eat after an appointment.  They are conveniently located just off of the 215.
Just stopped in for a pint. The bartender was friendly while giving me tastes, but the beer was wildly overpriced & the atmosphere was eclectic almost to the degree of headache inducing. Not a bar for beer lovers.
Our first visit to this place was for my birthday, and it was killer!  The second visit, for my husband's birthday, not so much.  Super under -staffed, therefore super slow service, and the food was not great.  We'll try it again, just to give it a fair chance...I hope it's good!
Used to work there and still think that the food is awesome. Place is very clean, energetic and has an awesome drink menu.
Sweet & chewy.  Great price & fast service.  I'll be back!
The best thai food I have ever had. Their fresh spring rolls are amazing and pineapple fried rice is a must try. Definitely recommend this to everyone.
I loved this place before I even got in the front door. Very good prices, and well organized.  The owner is so friendly.  It seemed like every item of fabulous clothing I picked up was on sale for half price.  I am definitely a regular now!!!
Turns out my cousin was charged twice for the room.  We got it straightened out but what a hassle.  Glad other Yelpers are getting a pleasant experience out of it.
horrible food and service. i ordered tuna wrap. barely any tuna. all i tasted was the damn wrap. overly salty fries! dry tuna!!
It's not the best and it's not the worst, but if you want a greasy burger, some tasty fries and a milkshake Smashburger has ya covered. I usually go for the sweet potato fries with the yummy seasoning. Sooo tasty.
The place looks great but the service is underwhelming. I also agree with the other posters. The high pressure sales has gotten old.  These people are worse than Wells Fargo tellers.
Had a fabulous eyebrow shaping & waxing after a 6-month grow out forcing sitting on my obsessive hands.  Man, I was so happy to walk out of there with perfect & tame brows!
Been meaning to try this lace for a long time. Glad I did not make a special trip. Nothing special. Hamburger had no flavor. Ketchup very runny. Hard to keep on fries. Service was good though.
Messy long lines of course makes me craaaazy
Love the location on 7th st. I passed by it after 5pm and saw that it was closed so I went to this one instead. Ordered an XL bean and cheese burrito America's way! So good. Don't know why this spot only has a 2 star review.
Awesome coffee.  Awesome setting.  Very attentive staff.  Good food :) perfect Sunday morning spot.
I really like shopping here.  The clearance racks have some great finds at decent prices.  It is the only section I would buy from (well other than the skin care counters) though, cuz prices are steep in my opinion everywhere else in the store.
Service could be better, but everything is usually quite acceptable.
Very fast...decent prices and tastes ok... Just let it cook a minute or two over
I have been getting my hair cut from Holly for years now and she does a great job every time. I live in North Scottsdale and the drive is definitely worth it. Highly recommend!
worst customer service ever they ripped me.off and.messed up on my order. the stupid fat Chinese women needs to know how to speak English and should treat her customers better this is it in China
The food was mediocre and expensive for what it is.  The pad thai barely resembled the pad thai that I know and love, and the sushi was average at best.  The service was horrendous.  We saw several tables around us receive their food before us, even though we were sat down well before them.
Love the smoothies, but EVERY SINGLE TIME I go(doesn't matter what time) it takes about 15-20 mins. for 1 smoothie to be made. The staff move very slow and sometimes are unkind. This location is very busy and staff must meet the standards.
LOVE the food!!!!!! Try the bomb pop martini. The service has definitely Gone down hill in the past year. And when I've  told the manger he just doesn't give a shit.  It's either hit Or miss with service. But food is ALWAYS GOOD
I love this place, not sure why but hey it's Texas ;) this is simply my best buffet. They have Mexican, Italian, Asian and American...everything I like. I have always had a great dining experience at the Texas buffet and will be back, time after time!
I love this place, tacos,nachos , elote. All amazing my fav is the carne Assada fries!!!
Tried the chicken tacos.  i have also ordered a combo of a cheese enchilada, relleno, and a beef taco.  All were delicious.  Best Mexican I have had in Old Town.
Great ambiance, professional courteous staff.  I had a great time here.  I would definitely go back in a heartbeat.
Excellent food and service .For a great steak you sure can't beat the road house. \nAnd the service is also great every time I come here .
Had a birthday party here, and it was great! We all enjoyed our food, and the servers were very nice when we stayed so late!
I like this restaurant.  Since it is so small I am a little intimidated to bring my small children though.  The food is good and if you sign up for their online club you get coupons fairly frequently.
Disappointed in service a s expectations.  However chicks. Was excellent!!!!  And I hate eating meat odd a bone
Not a lot of Greek Restaurants in my area, so I was delighted to discover this out of the way place. Good food, reasonable prices, and friendly staff. Nice little place.
The haircut was pretty average but the wait was just too long.  Waited too long to be acknowledged and waited over an hour for her to cut one guy in front of me (clipper cut).  I would go elsewhere.
:( They didn't have my veggie or broccoli cheddar soup. Went with the caprese and tomato. Both were good, but not amazing. I still like Ike's sandwich more.
I recently went here for my first time and was blown away. I absolutely loved their Green Tea smoothie. The staff was exceptional, and after hearing that it was my first time, the lady gave me a $1 off coupon and explained their punch card system to me. I will def. be returning here.
They didnt like the 3 wolf moon t-shirt... disrespectful!!!
Too bad it's so far away from the strip.\n\nWent to the NYE party here, and I can say it's the best seat in Vegas for the fireworks show.
Papa Del's pizza is extremely dry and bland. Their beer often tastes skunked and the waiters are rude. It took me and a friend almost 10 minutes to get seated last time.
Awful. I have to come here as its the only place that takes my insurance.  I wish I didn't wait for 2 hours to be seen. And have the hot mess at the counter act like she doesn't care. This place is terrible.
Flowers are overpriced and usually dead within a day.  Talk about a ripoff.  I realized that I need to go to Metcalf's for decent flowers in Madison.
Has the appearance and menu of a traditional American diner, but the quality of the food was much better than a traditional American diner. Great tasting food for a reasonable price. They have good French press coffee.
I loved this little house, and the atmosphere inside. I just ordered a caesar salad and water for lunch. My bartender was incredibly nice. The salad was tasty and fresh, but definitely overpriced.
I can say that this sushi place is one of the best place i've been to here in vegas! Great service , Great food! Def coming back.
Actually now that i think about it, this steak house was not that great. I had way better steaks experiences. i would never eat here again or would recommend this place to friends going to vegas.
take a taxi, take a taxi, take a taxi!!! you get what you pay for.
Really, I can't come up with anything better than \"adequate\" to describe this place.  Maybe there isn't great Chinese food in town anymore, or maybe I haven't found it.  Their delivery is pretty consistent and courteous.
The manager emailed me about my previous post,\nand said to ask for him next time I visit and he'd make things right.\nFood really isn't to my taste, but at least management values their customers' business. One star up for manager's effort.
Love the whole subway concept for pizza. I don't know whats better the pizza or the price!
Ate breakfast here twice and was very happy both times. Highlights were the eggs benedict, breakfast sandwhich and french toast. If you are a Grazie (venetian/Palazzo rewards) member your can skip the line (altough it moves pretty fast).
I came In here wanting an exact nail type. I also got a pedicure. Peter did an absolute perfect job on my stiletto nails. They're amazing ! I would recommend this store to all my girl friends in Vegas, since I am passing through. Next time I'm in Vegas I will return here. Thank you.
All I can say is that I am happy I live less than a block away from Ha Long Bay. I smell Ha Long Bay constantly and having tried many different things on the menu I say try the Pho and try PE1, the one with the peanuts. SO SO SO good. I could eat there everyday.
Went here because of the great reviews and I too am a fan! Super friendly and customer oriented! I wanted a fun pedicure design and they went above and beyond to ensure I was getting what I wanted! I highly recommend this place and will for sure be returning!!
this is the worst casino in town, do not play here they have the worst dealers and the worst pit bosses, they suk
Horrible. Would give a zero rating if possible. Service is non existent. Food is average but just takes too long. Worst experience ever.
Found this place back when i was a student at Al Collins Graphic Design. Best Chinese Food in Tempe. You get a huge portion for the price, and everything is oh so good. Best mom and pop Chinese cuisine around.
The lobby is nice and the pool, fitness room are good. Some floors look a bit dated although rooms are just like other Sheratons.
Their main bar is currently undergoing renovations. The walls have been repainted and the barstools upgraded. More to come as renovation progresses.
I love you Mum! \n\nThey are serious with their comfort food. Different options for sausages, mash, and gravy! All to warm your heart!
The best part of this place is the wait staff. They make the place and it's a good thing because the food seems to be deteriorating with every visit. It is close to home, so I am hoping that they improve the food.
Return visit for cholesterol bomb aka cheesesteak\nRoll was sparse w meat. 2 cheessteaks, fries and drinks over $30\nGetting ripped off makes me feel like I'm back in Philly
Worst Applebees I've ever been to... avoid this location! Head to Native New Yorker instead
The price is a little bit more than what I would pay, but that thing was huge and delicious!  cooked to order with quality meet, and the service was great. I only purchased the burger and a drink.  Each item on the menu comes by its self, you pay per item.
I visited Higher Grounds for breakfast with my son, they have good coffee/tea & don't actually have a raspberry tea but they made a blend special for my son. We thought that was awful nice of them!!
Salads are delicious there jumbo shrimps go perfect on top! There unique dressings to choose from Lime infused ranch was amazing! \n\nCons- Poor customer Service, not helpful when it comes to being undecided or asking for their recommendations
this place is closed - out of business - fin....\n\ntoo bad cuz they had some good food..
Pretty good food and good-sized meals
The bouncers are bitches. Went on a Wednesday dead as hell... Told me I couldn't wear Jordan's in... But they let people with flip flops, Adidas and other brands in... Mike and I don't approve.
Very big and a great place to stop to pick up foods for lunch or dinner. Other cool shops near by. Dont go out of your way but if your in the west village stop in.
It's what you would expect.  Super crowded the night I went, you could barely move and there was a $5 cover.  If I didn't have a major case of fear of missing out I would have gone home!  The nice aspects are easy access to the patio if you need a breather and moderately priced liquor.
Great atmosphere food!
Its not bad. If you feel the need to gamble. Waitress' are fast if your tipping.But all in all not bad. The bartenders are a little slow.
The first time I arrived at the shop was great. The employees were persistent but never arrogant to the the custumers. My overall experience to Vype Vapor has been amazing and I'm looking forward to go back.
Tony was a lot of help. I told him what i was wanting and where i had found the helmet. He told me the pros and con about what i was looking at. I went back the next day to buy my helmet, Tony was not there but another worker was more then willing to help.  Will be going back here for more stuff.
I like coming to this mall, maybe it's because I have very limited shopping choices where I live but they do offer a pretty good selection of stores and I frequently get good deals here. They also remodeled recently and it looks better than it did before.
They never wound up contacting me even about my lost items, just to try and sell me stuff.
Perfect experience for this Steelers fan from Maryland. Had the walk up tour, tour guide knew exactly what she was talking about with a great personality to match. Had a really great time :)
The worst service ever. Over priced, mediocre and bland sushi. Not even worth the happy hour
monday night jazz sessions have made the 'burg bearable!!  howie and the boys rock!!!  the guest musicians every week, some of pittsburgh's finest jazz musicians, never disappoint!!!!
Food was good and came out quick. The service was excellent. I had an issue with my order which was fixed immediately and my check was adjusted for it. The employee even came back over to check to make sure everything was ok
Food is good .. take out and delivery needs work.
Envy is consistent.  Great food, great service and never a wait.\n\nedit: I had to go from 5 stars to 1.  Envy got a new chef last year, the menu has changed and the food is just not good.  :-(
Just had the Big Country Breakfast Burrito. Great taste. Not big at all. Value for your dollar not so great. This is the second Carl's Jr I visited this week and portion sizes seem to be getting smaller and smaller. Not sure why Carl's Jr thinks this will get return business.
I love their bagels. Don't like their coffees because Starbucks is better but they have really good bagels and smoothies.
I think this has a great view of the Las Vegas skyline at night, but I think it's a bit pricey ($18 per person) for just getting up the tower.
Its our family's weekend spot even withy grandparents.the service was very friendly but little bit slow and i like the smile\nFace ;) we ordered french toast , omelet was gooood , but dont order some savory crepe ... And tuna sandwich. I love thier coffee
No locking doors on the parameter doors within hotel(meaning anyone could walk in).  When you ask for a service it was slow. bathroom door was broken. pool cold, even for Arizona.\nGood breakfast, decent gym,
This hotel is ok for what you pay. \nNot the best location but it's affordable and nice.
Best spot to have sushi in town! Simple and short... Great and fresh food and very friendly staff! Kampay! A must go for sushi lovers!
This was my second visit, but my first time trying the food. Great happy hour deal with half off starters. We tried several and they were all delicious. Especially the short rib tacos. We were here for a birthday and used a back room to gather. Lots of fun. Nice atmosphere. Very friendly staff.
Good food and open 24 hours. Anytime I stop by Las Vegas I have to be here at least one time for lunch or dinner. Wonton soup is the best.
Staff was nice food was terrible. I'll never eat here again.
Bomb A$$ ice cream!
My \"medium\" Kobe beef burger was well done.  Service was slow.  Onion rings batter was too thick. Disappointed with Hubert.
I love this bakery but the customer is practically invisible for them. Last time I went after dreaming of the cupcakes, nobody acknowledged me for 20 minutes. I had to walk away and it seemed like nobody cared. Awful customer service.
Don't go here if you like spicy or any mexican-style flavor really at all.  Also, it was so noisy when ordering they got so many things messed up and double-billed us for an entree.  To top it off, my pork tasted like sugar.  Gross.  I will not be back.
I\nThey re-opened under new mgmt.\n\n love the chicken friend chicken, it is sooo crispy.  I feel like I\"m in a dark hole though when I\"m there.  Interesting menu.  Wow I just read they closed last night for good.
For not selling celery and charging $1.79 for a 2-liter of diet coke there is a good chance I'll never stop here again.  For the sake of convenience and a decent selection of home goods that aren't overpriced I might.
This place is an alright place for small shows. It feels stuffy and unclean. The bartenders aren't that friendly. I would only return if a friend insisted we come for another show. Other than that i would never choose to come here to hang out for a tasty beverage. Bleh:/
Notthe best Korean bbq or sushi restaurant.  Meat was very fatty but if you are looking for traditional dish they do have good kimchi stew.
Bought 4 cupcakes today and just wasn't impressed. We shared them among family tonight and the vote was pretty unanimous. Super sugary sweet frosting and dry fairly flavorless cake. The chocolate chip cookie dough was okay flavor wise. But overall, very disappointed in overpriced not so great cupcakes.
Very good food.  Good service, even when busy.  Their own microbrews.  What's not to like?
Beautiful park, good distance course, water and building hazards too! Additionally you have access to restaurants and Spinners Disc Golf if you need a new or used disc.
Great beer. So-so food!
Short men do not like tall girls. lol. I was at a serious disadvantage here.
This place is sooo slow do not come here if you have plans for the day or on lunch. Food is mediocre at best.
Hilton just purchased this hotel from the former owners. They are doing a great job redecorating the place and adding their touch. I like it already. Signature Doubletree breakfast already in place.\n\nThank you Hilton!
The best yogurt shop in town. Thanks for all your hard work Angie.
Great pizza and service plus they deliver.
I was just taking class there for fun but the instructor is not good.\n\nShe rarely replies students' email when have question and I know that I am not the only one who has problem with that.\n\nSigh
Went through Oasis to have my first baby. Loved them (doctors nurses and office staff). Everybody always treated me good and listened to any concerns I ever had. Only problem I had was the wait time. Seems like over the months the office has become pretty popular but staff hasn't increased. Other than that would totally recommend. :)
The performers and stage are awesome in K\u00c0. We actually got discounted tickets for this show. The way that the stage is set up there's really no bad seats,so I don't really think it would be worth extra money for the middle center section.
GF and I visited in Oct 2011.  The service was ok, but NO happy hour specials? As a chain, you would expect that all the restaurants would be the same.  Wings were standard fare.  Didn't like the location, should be more central.  The slots in the casino where the restaurant is did pay-out nicely though!
I have eaten at EllaEm's a few times.  So far my experience has been a very good one.  The fried catfish, fried chicken wings, yams and collard greens are delicious!  I normally go during the day.  The staff is also very pleasant and accommodating every time I go.
I recommend the garlic chicken sandwich.
Very good egg flower soup! And authentic dishes... Staff is awesome.
This is a awesome gym. Even at 5pm the gym is not to crowded. I love this gym. There are plenty of machine's and hamer
Tasty middle eastern food...service was great too.
The chips, salsa and steak tacos are amazing! I drive from Orange County to the Hard Rock - just for Pink Taco (okay and to party). Not the same Pink Taco as LA. Very disappointed in LA's restaurant. The food was not as good as Vegas - not the same ownership.
Great stadium, weak fan backing like every other losing team, but good food/beverage options and every seat has a good view.
Great place to eat on the strip. We had a large party and our server was more than accommodating. The ambiance was quaint and relaxing, a contrast to many other places on the strip which tend to be loud. I ordered a butternut squash salad  which was excellent.
We went to watch the UFC fight. That was a great place to do it. Tv.s everywhere. The food and beer were very good. Just don't sit outside if its cold out. The heaters aren't that good.
Went for dinner and drinks. Great patio, really good drinks,  and we all really enjoyed our meals. The crowd and vibe were fun. We will definitely be back. Check out the house made turkey burger and nightly drink specials.
Having lived in Barcelona, I was pleasantly surprised to find pan con tomate like I used to have in Catalunya.  Everything was authentic and well made and I was happy that tapas stayed tapas as it should.  It's a bit on the pricey and hipster side to be honest but the food was solid.
Awesome burgers!! Add some grilled jalepenos for an awesome treat.
A good selection of bagels.  Their smear of lite cream cheese, as are their prices, is more than I like.
Terrible pizza as well as chicken wings. The chicken wings were mostly fried badder without any chicken; also, the cheese on the pizza was very rubbery. My friends and I found it to be almost inedible. Great location, bad for the party goers who stumble in and end up suffering through eating their over priced pizza.
You no loner have a long wait and burgers are still just as good. They even toasted the bun, which the old Penguin didn't. The fries were awesome! Even if it has gone corporate, it will still be the original location. If you want a good burger, give it a shot.
Wasn't really a fan.  \nThought it was a little overpriced for bar food.  Serivce wasn't exactly the best.\nI'd rather make the drive up to Tempe for Four Peaks.
Bobby needs to heed his own criticisms.  The burger had no flavor.  Hint: season the meat!    I know why they have burger sauce on the table.  The service was good and the fries were great!
We were carrying many items around and didn't get offer a shopping bag!!! Terrible services!!
Craving pho so checked this place out based on reviews and proximity. Pho was so-so. Meat looked questionable, even green under the light(!). I would give this place another try for some of their other dishes, but the pho is not the reason you should try this place.
Diamond in the rough. Fantastic food and exceptional service. We had dinner tonight and we will go back tomorrow for lunch:-) Thank you for the wonderful experience.
Excellent beer selection, delicious deli, enjoyable people watching- what more can someone want?
i love this applebee's !!!! everyone is super friendly!  for dessert i recommend getting the blondie! so yummy
The lady I had finished my mani & pedi in less that 25min. She was going so fast that it didn't even look good at the end. I totally don't recommend this place at all.
Food was good, but NOT worth the price of admission.
This Albertsons is ok if you are close and need a few things, but their prices are higher and selection poorer than other stores such as Fry's. I live less than 5 minutes away, but I usually go to Wal-Mart (sigh) or Fry's in Anthem.
The food was decent. The service was fairly good, and the friendly staff helped explain the menu. But really - I can make this at home. What makes it so special?
This place is eye candy!!
Don't get me wrong, I love Tory but their customer service SUCKS that it makes me not want to purchase anything from their boutique stores/outlets.
The bruch was alright.  The lay out was a bit cramped.  Loved the churros.  Pancakes need some work.
Ever since I got my lash extensions done from you Julie, I have more time to do other things than putting mascara in the mornings. You make me look brighter and prettier and yes I do tell others the lashes are mine :) Love all you have offered and will be back for more.
Their Big island roll is delicious!!! I drive 20 minutes out of my way to go get it.
Great food and pretty good all around beer. The Schwartz beer worth trying as a sessionable black lager. Wit and Hefe will keep you relaxed in the summer!
Horrible food, horrible service, horrible management. Don't waste your time or money.
Went here on Saturday for dinner with a group of six of us. Service was so so and same with the food. Prices weren't bad and the interior is pretty 70s like?\n\nNo real complains but nothing to make me want to come back.
Queso Fundido is the best.  Plus the Cadillac margarita is very smooth with a good taste.
Atmosphere is very cozy.  Everything looks very modern and clean.  Quality of food is very good.  Everything is very fresh. Wait staff is very friendly and on top of things.  I would recommend to anyone
Love love the food, the services super nice and the favors right on.  I suggest you guys try it out.
Who delivers but won't deliver within 2 miles because it is too far north. Terrible business!
Very good bar, and an institution at the U of I.  They've expanded so now there's more room to groove. Great-tasting burgers.  A bit on the small side, but if you get them as a special, it's worth it.
I met my wife here, they have great beer, and a wonderful waiting staff. I love coming here when I am in town cause the food is great and the outdoor atmosphere is super tight. Chyyeeaaahh
This pub features a market with a fine selection of pretentious sundries. The libations are delightful. Gordon Ramsay would be elated.\n\nFive stars.\n\n\nBravo.
Best place to eat in Vegas so far. Fast, friendly wait staff, great selection of beers and drinks. Every time we've eaten here the food has been awesome, whether it was sliders, monk fish, soup, or tacos. Love it.
Another burger shop with a decent burger.  They do have a huge selection of bottled beverages which was fun!
best in vegas.. well its the only one in vegas. the things to get are kobe style beef, prime kalbi, prime rosu, pork belly and pork sausage. egg soup to start and i guess veggies and shit too. ok bye!
Pick Up Stix is another \"fast\" Chinese restaurant.  Not as fast as a Panda Express, but more like a Pei Wei with a more casual atmosphere.  The give very generous portions, with lots of veggies.  I frequently order sweet and sour chicken at any Chinese restaurant, and this was one of the best.
Beautiful restaurant. O.k food.
I am a meat lover! That said... this is one of only two vegan friendly / vegetarian focused restaurants that I love and crave! I love the ambiance with friends, and you can't beat their black iced chai!
The workers here barely speak English and when you try to explain to them they don't understand what's going on. I don't like it here they have bad attitudes
I've eaten here a few times now. Before I was celiac and after. Prior it was good.  But if you are coming for gluten free food , go elsewhere.
This place needs to hire somebody to answer their phone, I as a customer do not have the desire or the time to play phone tag....... I guess I'll do without their services.
2 scoops of gelato in a cup for $5.25.  Pistachio lacked flavor.  Hazelnut was nice.  Creamy texture.  Cool chocolate fountain display.
Decent pizza and calzones.  Get rid of the canned mushrooms! Crowded at lunch.  Calzones are huge!
The bulgogi pizza was tasty and the service was awesome! I would definitely come back.
Review pending.
Disappointing lunch. Ordered the chicken club sandwich.  Not your normal club. The grilled chicken breast was dry. Worst part was finding a strand of hair in the sandwich halfway through. The rest of the family thought the food was ok. Not the best experience.
Went there last night with sister for dinner took 40 mins for 4 tacos so irritated and the manger didn't do anything about it when we told him
If you dine in you must listen rap. They wont change it because the manager likes to dance and sing instead of take care of guests. Mostly fried rolls, not horrible, but not good. Street food. They will be out of business soon and she can go back to dancing in one of the low end strip clubs.
Their burritos put Chipotle and Qdoba to shame. They are seriously delicious. \n\nI live on the Northside and this is one of my standard, go-to restaurants
Excellent NY style pizza!!!  The wings are great too!!!  The place is spotless and the manager (Eric) has the place running like a fine-tuned machine.  Not the best area, but worth the trip!!!
You pay for what you get. But whyyy you gotta charge me a dollar extra for some items?! D:
Awful bouncers. Rude. Rude. Rude.
I didn't expect to see Chumlee or anything but did expect some cool antiques. I did not see any cool antiques. Kinda depressing overall, as was Vegas in general.
Close to my work, good place to grab lunch and portions are generous. Less crowded and lay out is better than other Panda Express in town.
Fantastic food & service, loved the ambiance. We'll be back again next year for Spring Training.
The lunch and late night specials are priced right at $5, but honestly, I would pay more for better food.  The food is edible but nothing to rave about.  The service....well, this is a Chinese restaurant.  (I'm Chinese too, so don't send hate mail)
Went there after a meeting in Fort Mill and sat on the patio. It was busy but the service was great. we had some beers. They have a decent selection on tap. We ordered the appitizer sampler which was great but fried food usually is. ;)
Oh lord.... this place is awful! I cant even begin to explain the horrors of staying here. Never! I know its cheap but crap its not worth the money saved. Run away!!
Awesome service & food and drinks!!!
Friendly staff, welcoming decor and nice atmosphere. \n\nHowever, I found it was very pricey as compared to the end result - I went for a gel mani/pedi and found it was very simplistic and disappointing, especially for $90.
It's is a good hotel for those on a budget but want to stay on the Strip.  The Carson Tower room was clean and updated, just noisy.  Heard everything outside on the 10th floor.  The hotel and casino are clean, friendly staff.  Would recommend staying there.  The Grotto had excellent food and wine.
Not worth $220 but the course is in wonderful shape.  The greens are amazing here.  The ball actually rolls where it should go.  +1 star!
Nice Prices, Good Food, Okay Service...It was a nice place to have brunch at with my girls. It was new to me. Dim Sum was awesome and all the other foods were good. I would go back again.
Very cool show. Visually stimulating, musically great and hysterical. Not a bad seat in the house and the seating is roomy. A bit pricey, even for locals getting a discount.
It's Jacks, what did ya expect haha.
Another relaxing pedicure with Mandy ! Everyone is so friendly when you walk in, nice atmosphere, can't wait until next time!
Suhhhh good. Tad 'spensive, but worth it for the quality of ingredients.
Good massage and nice plunge pools but a bit pricey .
Garbage. No selection and feels pretty cramped. I was in and out of here within a few minutes. Stick with Foot Locker. The pricing is the same wherever you go in person so why go somewhere with barely any shoes. They don't use their space very well in this store.
So it's not the most glamorous hotel, but it's damn cheap compared to some of its neighbors, and it's in a great location!  You can walk to most of the major casinos including the Venetian, the Mirage, Caesar's Palace, etc (depending on how far you're willing to walk).
To eat breakfast here you have to get there early. Long wait the food is average, but they do have an omelet station that will prepare it any way you like it. It was nice spending time with the family. I may go back but did not enjoy the long wait and small buffet options.
Very mediocre food, just seemed to need seasoning. Service great, but will skip this next time.
I gave this location such a low rating because the store is usually a mess. Having worked in supermarkets before I've noticed that products you think would be in the same aisle are in a completely irrelevant spot. Their shelves need to be reset in a better manner.
Their chips are horrible and they sprinkle some spice on them in an uneven pattern. One chip will taste like saw dust and one is covered in chili powder. They should use tostidos. The atmosphere is nice but the salsa is bland and the chips are horrible. Very disappointed.
Wow, just wow.  It was awesome!  Tuna collar was out of this world.  Grilled shrimp ramen was great too.  Order chicken drummies and you will not be disappointed.  Finish with soft serve and you have an incredible meal!
This buffet is alright.  I think it is too hyped up.  None of the items really stood out.  I went for brunch, and they didnt have crab legs nor sashimi.  Those are my 2 favorite thing to eat, and they didnt have it.  Oh well.
best shrimp cocktails on or near the strip. i love the old dirty feel of this place its old world vegas
Love it! No one, not one person in town beats their green chile. The beans are delicious.  Must try!
Customer service was good.\n\nThe portions were large but not so tasty. I wanted hot tea to drink and I was given a Linton tea bag with hot water which was tasteless.
Not impressed, the burritos were small, lukewarm, and sort of bland. I feel like I tasted more tortilla than meat.\n\nI tried the chicken, carnitas, and carne asada burritos.
I had the black and white cupcake which was delicious! Wish I had time to try some more! The only reason I only gave 4 stars is because the wait can be very long! My friend got a milkshake and waited a good 15 minutes! Besides that everything tasted great! :)
This is a great place to buy your ammo from. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The prices aren't too bad either. Some of the other gun shops are a PITA to deal with, these guys aren't.
\"Tourist trap\" pretty much sums up this restaurant with mediocre food, service and atmosphere. I don't mind paying more money for quality, but things were far from exceptional. A 12oz beer was $10, and steak and fries was $30. The girls were nice to look at, but nothing more.
Terrible doesn't even begin to describe Cox Communications. From customer service to billing, they will scam and extort the customer at every angle. Quite possibly the worst business I have ever dealt with.
I ate here one evening when I was in town for a conference. Unbelievably wonderful food, every bite. Highly recommended.
I thought our drinks were good, but the atmosphere was a bit cold. I would drive another two miles to get coffee elsewhere.
The service was good but the food was way to greasy and the fries are to thin for me.  A bit pricey for a hamburger joint.  I guess I was expecting more, will try it again maybe a sald next time.
Overpriced! The clams was good but the mahi mahi and angel hair pasta were mediocre. I went here by accident cause I got it mix up with the oyster bar at Harrah.
Great China Super Buffet was an adventure.  There were some inedible items on that buffet.  I didn't spit out my food like my dinner guest.  I will not be back sad to say because I like a good buffet.
Just been to Sal's Pizza. I was disappointed to hear, he sold. New owner is very argumentative.\n\nI guess the customer isn't always right. Won't be back.
Five stars for great bread! I only got a baguette and a chocolate chip scone (the latter did not survive the drive home). Both were absolutely excellent, possibly one of the best baguettes that I have had outside of Paris.\n\nAbsolutely excellent, will be here again!
I always managed to feel sick after eating here, so I stopped going except for happy hour after work and maybe fries to eat.\n\nService varies. We had great service at first, and then it went downhill and we stopped going so much.  I might try another location, but it's not likely.
The Good: Decent taste, fresh ingredients, great ice tea...contemporary look\nThe Bad: HORRIBLE PORTION SIZE, TINY TINY TINY TACOS, APPETIZER SIZE AT DINNER PRICE $
So we read great things about this place and we were excited to try it out. When we got there it looks like they have closed down. Sad we never got to try them out. It's been tough location for several restaurants.
The food isn't bad but the older Hispanic gentleman who works the cash register has poor customer service skills and could use a couple lessons on manners. Nobody wants to take food from a jackass.
The placement is primo! Right next to Mandalay Bay. The service is alright and the food is typical Subway.
Old reliable \"IHOP\".  This location has friendly wait staff and the breakfasts are always well prepared and tasty.\n\nMuch better than other places like \"De**ys*.  Much cleaner and better quality.
this place is definitely one of the best places to have a date night/drinks. the owners are great and very attentive. food is amazing as well!!
Great view of the city.  Good Mexican food, live entertainment in the evening.  Nice atmosphere and  authentic Mexican food.  There are 3 or 4 other locations around town, this has the best view.  I go here once every week or two for lunch.  I will be back.
SO over priced, I only come here for small items, in and out, never to do my families grocery shopping here!
Delicious food, great atmosphere, it is like having your own personal chef!!! Fantastic food!
Rooms are nice, food is good, but the service is sub-par. Not what you're used to at a JW Marriott.
Cute little gambling area. Kind of dirty, but what else can you expect from a tiny \"casino\".
A nice place for a quick business lunch in Fort Mill or just a quick drive up from Rock Hill. \nGrouper is always nice as is the southern style crab cakes.\n\nService is always pleasant and friendly and have taken the daughter in for a lunch and they are definitely kid friendly.
Came in to watch a Broncos game with the ol ball and chain.  She's not as big of a fan of the Santisi Girls as I am.  Pizza was fairly ok and the wings were very meaty.  Overall pretty good, but nothing spectacular food wise.  Lots of TVs and anything you want is probably on one of them.
Upon entrance floors filthy grimy, place is dead on Sunday lunch, TV will give you a neck injury when watching, food is ok (hard to mess up pizza) bathrooms dirty, service is ok...doors wide open with flies flying everywhere, and best of Las Vegas signs everywhere just in case you were wondering....
they have pretty good cookies, i know there are allot better options in my neighborhood for some cookies. but if i'm downtown in the mix and they are open, i might grab a snickerdoodle or a Chocolate Macadamia
So delicious! Great for veg and nonveg ppl. The food is actually flavorful and pretty healthy. The service is also amazing really genuine and sincere. Loved it and would recommend it for lunch!
Wow!!  Super good, clean, friendly, steam pots so fun to watch!.incredible portions, great price!!got to try this!!
This place is great! Looking forward to watching d games here. Just tried d wings n thought I was in Buffalo. Good job guys. I'll definitely b back!
This is hard to say... But I do not enjoy my visits here. They are slow, crammed, difficult to get in line, and even harder to find space to wait for drinks or even fix my drink after. I love SB but this one needs a bigger store and better service.
Fish and chips YUUUUMMMMM - now if only I wasn't so hungover that night I might have enjoyed a bit more.\n\nThe place gets packed, but I always expect that one in Vegas and two in any Irish pub
No complaints...ok well maybe one, it has nothing to do with the Spa it was me. I needed more time.
The stay was rated 5 stars; however, the bell hop lost our luggage!  We stayed in the Skyline Terrace Suite and had an amazing stay and recommend anyone stay there... Just done let them handle your luggage.
Meatballs are very good, salads really good, pastas are is real good, pizzas yummy (marg, big , cheese, potato) service helpful, ambiance is fun, decor sweet, bar is coolio\nMy fav neighborhood hang\nDig it
What a gem breakfast place
Love this place!  Great food and drinks.  Wish they had a location in San Jose or San Francisco.
I would rather eat cardboard with a little seasoning salt on it, there have another meal here at the cheese cake factory.  My last time here I ordered a pasta dish the pasta was dry and the tomato sauce did not adhere to the noodles.  Aladdin's cheese cake better any way .
this is the real stuff, whatever we ordered, and my group ordered a lot, was authentic izakaya.  order things you might not think you like, you'll be surprised.
Why do they hire bartenders that don't know liquor? We asked for Sauvignon Blanc, she proceeded to look at every single bottle label - she didn't even know it was a white wine! Other than that, the salads we had were pretty good!
It\"s  amazing show,you cannot skip this show if you go to Vegas.Performers did great .The show has humor,romance and acrobatics,really cool.Worth every penny!
We love just like home! They are so good with our dog Olive. I was worried boarding out dog because she needed medication but they are understanding and thorough about questions to ask to understand our dogs needs. Access to view the cameras are also a big help in easing our worries. Thank you just pike home :)
We always do take-out from here when we're too busy to cook. They've always been very helpful when we arrive for the pick-up, almost always at the time they say, and the food has always been great! They never forget anything and they are just all around helpful and friendly!
Without a doubt the worst miso soup I have ever tasted. Also, it scalded my tongue and when I told the gal working the register, she looked at me like I was an alien. Their chicken is okay, but really, I'd find another place if I were you before venturing in here.
Been eating here for a long time now and it's always good food. Everything is clean, the staff is nice. There is only one lady that sometimes seems rude, but there is always one sour apple no matter where you go. Overall, awesome place and great food!
So-so food but service from the strangest duo of waitresses I've encountered. \"Strange\" here meaning \"bad\" and \"off-putting.\"\n\nI'll not be back at this location; the experience was too odd to return.
Update: Service ended up being pretty bad. Crickets came back within two weeks. Ordered Cy-kick CS and a sprayer from Amazon and sprayed the place myself. Three months later no crickets or spiders or anything. Don't waste your money or time. Do it yourself!
Firefly delivers great tapas at a prime location, just off the strip on Paradise Road. Everything on their extensive tapas menu is great. The actual venue is just average, but that is acceptable given the spot-on service and great food. My favorites are the eggplant cannelloni and the dates.
Horrible service. Waitress had a smoke while we waited for drink refills. Nice! Manager (female) clueless.  Me and my family wont return. I ate here about a month ago and the service was lacking as well. You will be out of business soon.
This place is always out of somthing. the Dunkin Donuts on the east coast are 100% better
I was desperately hungry. I regret ordering the breakfast platter from this place. For $15 I got:\n\nA plate filled with eggs\n2 pieces of bacon\n1 biscuit\nGravy\n1 Hashbrown\n\nThey were all greasy and flavorless.
The food was greasy. BBQ sauce wasn't good at all. I went to try out their restaurant because the food looked good on triple Ds. Turned out the food wasn't worth the drive
Eating at Andreoli's like eating in a homely kitchen. I just love the freshness, authenticity and the simplicity of the food. Yes it is expensive for a hole-in-the-wall kind of place. But I'd rather have fresh and homely food any day.
Food wise:\nThe one stars for the frozen hot chocolate, which was the best part of the whole visit.\n\nStaff wise: \nWorse customer service I have yet to experience.
Great stay.  Spa treatment was outstanding.  Staff all around was so focused on serving.  Always a friendly hello from everyone there.  Stayed 5 days but wish it could have been 5 months!
Everybody said I would LOVE this place, best sandwiches on earth, well...sorry to say I disagree.  They are a great sandwich but the best? I think not.  Very reasonably priced and I would go there again but I sure as hell ain't waiting in a long ass line for that!
Decent espresso, good selection of drinks & food, friendly staff, priced a tad higher than other places. Great place to get some work done.
Service is slow, coffee is water down and salad is stale, not fresh and soak with dressing.
Update - \n\nContacted by management and told they would address the service issues. \n\nBurgers are still excellent and service has improved. Will be back
They allow smoking outside by the pool! The waitress's were super friendly and didn't charge our non drinking driver for his soda. Went on a Thursday , my apple martini was 9 bucks for one thru.
A pleasant surprise right by our house. We'll definitely be back. Good flavors. The Panang Beef keeps me coming back. Nice and spicy while still retaining flavor.
The Deluxe Pedi was great and affordable... me and my husband had a great service here.. and  it was clean...thats a plus!
This place deserves more than 3.5 stars! I was pleasantly surprised! Very good food and great atmosphere!
This is the very worst native I have been to. Every time I've been there the wings are super old and gross and super chewy. I have no idea why I go back.
LOVED THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!\n\nEveryone was so nice! The remodel looks great and the casino smells really good.
Quick fix for dinner after work but they always mess up our orders couldn't get it right.  I always order thru drive thru because it's less hassle.Idk how many times I get less than what I ordered and I will just found out about it when I get home! Arggh!
Good service! \nWhile the fare is tangy tasty down home bbq, it definitely raise the dining experience on regular 'ol bbq.\nThe atmosphere is a little  casual chic, but the food is down home good.
This place is a hidden gem. I'm a huge fan of orange chicken and I've finally found a place that is better than Panda Express. The service was great, the dining area was clean, our order was out within 10 minutes and the food was terrific. We will be back...a lot.
DONT even think about it. can't even begin to express how f-in bad this place is. insanely  expensive for the service, food & atmosphere. even the waiter apologized.
Called the place and horrible phone service from this girl named Shay or Shey however you spell her name. Got turned off right away and didn't even bother to place my phone order.\n\nThey need to have a better hostess if they want people to come in.
The service was a little slow.  The food was decent and is typical for a casino cafe.  It is a little higher quality then some of the other casino cafes.
Bad service there is clearly a table for two gray haired older laddy won't let me sit until my friend comes. Very interesting if it were just me wouldn't I just sit by myself in the table!!!!!
Just enjoyed Akita Sushi's all you can eat lunch. It was awesome! They do not cut any corners on the selection of food available on the all you can eat lunch menu and it is a great deal! We really enjoyed all of our food and the service couldn't be better.
I used to drive 45 min to get this classic bit of Americana and now there is one two minutes  from the house. My arteries are in trouble...
my coworker recommends it and we tried it. The food is good but it is on the pricy side. Don't think we will try it again.
What a great find! Delicious food, authentic, and reminded me of time spent in Germany. Will be coming back very soon.
Wow...this place has really gone down. New menu and chef...very sad. Meat pie was burnt on top raw, on bottom, liquids in middle.  Very disappointed. We won't be back.
Hit or miss with the drinks... 3/4 of the time they forget to add my classic syrup and only add the one pump of white mocha that i ask for... i leave with bitter tasting coffee only convenience is that its a drive-thru and there's not many around the area
no to the food\nno to the service \nno to the prices\nno to the way.
$125 for a used concert tee with rhinestones on it????  This place is soooo 1998.  The owner is snobby and dresses like she is 19 years old (she is in her late 60s).  Everything is way overpriced and a little slutty.
Slow service.  Tables are shaking. Food is mediocre. To many good places to go to, stay away
A place that has potential!  Great burgers, happy hour specials and atmosphere but the service lacks!  The service is so bad, that alone will prevent me from coming back.
It's like a Jimmy Buffet themed restaurant, the only difference being that these cheeseburgers really are paradise.    Relax, enjoy the casual vibe, and don't think about the requests for therapy that you will receive from your dietician when you inform them that you are a regular.
Great stuff here...The cheese plates are great and always changing. Awesome staff, and the menu offers an nice variety!!\n\nAsk for Tim for your waiter!
So... the building shakes consistently. This is disconcerting on a number of levels and also probably provides any number of unpleasant metaphors.
Pretty new building and they have a pretty good selection in books. As Steve mentioned they're pretty nice in finding you a book. They have the usual Starbucks inside which is also pretty good. (Staff is friendly and the service is great)
T&T in the Luxor was great! We went right before a show and they got us in and out without rushing us. We had tacos and margaritas that were great!! Excellent Salsa and I am from Dallas... best Mexican food on the strip
This place is gross! The carne asada meat is horrible... You're basically eating tortillas with nothing but nerves, skin, and fat. I guess you get what you pay for... Never will I come back again.
Good thin crust pizza and a nice staff. Their menu is extensive.
Great views are seen from this place and they have a clear glass platform that will allow you to see directly down to the pool...can you say veritgo. good spot to hang out at before hitting up Rain.
I love this fitness club. I used to belong to a huge named club here but I'm so much happier at cac. Best trainer is Arlin!!!!!!
Best place for ramen noodles! Great flavor on all there dishes and best part it's cheap!
The food here is terrible.  \n\nI'd love for these guys to have great food.  They're in my neighborhood.  It would be wonderful to get some nice Chinese food on occasion.  I can't imagine they even taste the food they send out.  Unbelievably bad.
I was very surprised that vegan Thai Tea could be so tasty.  I liked hearing that all the ingredients are local.  I plan on coming back again to try some of their food.
I love this doctor.  She's the perfect combination of competence and caring.  And she always makes time to see me, even squeezing me in for emergency visits.  She's the best!
The dishes that I have eaten here are excellent! Last night I had the the Thai Basil and tonight I had the Larb Kai. The spices in the Larb were wonderfully blended mixing the fresh flavors of the vegetables with Thai peppers.\n\nI will absolutely return to Thai Basil on my next trip to Tempe!!
Best sushi I've had in the Valley. Prices are great. Dont be put off by the location, it's AMAZING!
Check-in/check-out was a breeze and my room was super clean and the A/C worked!      I could've spent hours (which I did) walking around downstairs with all the rock memorabilia.  Love this place and will stay here again!
Place is a dive... Beer pong is free if that is your thing.  I would get the huge 80 oz crowd pleaser and keep walking.  Great price on drinks and some trashy fun inside :)
Great place for lunch. Loved the food. They have a great all you can eat special. Staff is very friendly. A lot of tasty choices to choose from.
Love love love this place. It gets crowded so try to come during off hours. Every roll I have tried has been delicious. The people that work there make you feel like home.
This location is not a nice as the Saint Denis location, but the food is pretty much the same. Chocolate Chocolate and more Chocolate, if you go you must try the chocolate port, port and chocolate go so well together.
The only thing i like here is the tatters.  The tatters are worth going for.  Nothing else is really good just ok and too much food and pricey.
Excellent food , however,  I wished the corned beef was homemade and not from a can. My friend had the Denver omelet which he says was first rate!
This is one of the first places we stumbled into after moving to La's Vegas. Being from the South we are use to super friendly wait staff and this place didn't disappoint. The pizza is awesome and we love to sit in their courtyard when it's cool. Definitely our only pizza place in town.
Came here to buy the lady something sparkly for her finger and was greeted promptly.  The folks behind the counter were super helpful when I needed them, but weren't too up in my grill.  They have some nice stuff that won't cost you a fortune.  Two thumbs up!
luckily we got there in time for happy hour and to make this review 3 stars vs 2.  i ordered the street tacos from the happy hour menu and it was $4 for 4 tacos.  they tasted ok.  beers were $3 and margaritas were $2 off.  it was ok.
i love trying different independent coffee spots so made the trek from Hendertucky this morning to Holley's...nice vibe, good coffee and Holley on the job making it happen...I'm a fan.
Mistakenly went again forgetting we'd been here before. Was just as disappointing, even more actually because the amazing pretzels they used to give you seem to have disappeared :(\n\nIt's Vegas, you can do much better.
There are few places that the portion side is this big and the price so low! The orange juice was incredible; omelet was on point! Would return in a heartbeat!
Nice patio in the heart of downtown mesa. We didn't eat so i can't comment on that but the wine selection was nice. We had a quick drink before a show at the MAC. The service was quick.
I LOVE Casey Moore's. I have been there several times and I have always found something I like. Their seafood is to die for, which is saying something for Arizona! I love their french dip sandwich as well.
Blackened chicken tacos & carnitas tacos are my extreme favorite . Add cabbage & green sauce to both & its a date .
Pizza so good it makes me throw my gluten allergy into the wind!
I am so happy that I found Jill for my Electrolysis needs. She is very professional, nice and she has a very flexible schedule. The environment is very clean and calming. I would highly recommend her services.
The service was friendly but disjointed.     The food was beautifully presented.     But the fish tasted, well, fishy.
Free hiv and std check up done here which will save you up to 400 bucks. Staffs are all friendly and passionate. I appreciate this organization and will recommend to anyone.
My new obsession. Loved everything here.  \n\nMy fav so far: stinky tofu and kimchi pot
Horrible service and junk food. The staff has been poorly trained or management doesn't care this place will go out of business very soon. Our whole group went after work and didn't have anyone even ask if we wanted drinks for 30 minutes after our arrival. Party of 16!
Poor, moody service. \nThe place is religious. \nChicken is bland and dry. \nFries are great. \nGyro is good.\n2 gyros, 1 side of chicken: $30.  Ouch!\nTerrible, distracting music.
Berthas new place is beautiful!  Her and her staff ate always friendly and helpful.   Love that she seems skin script, and even got a few free samples!
Mediocre steak (for this level place). Great lobster. Unimpressive decor overlooking mall. Very good Mac & Cheese (though not best). Extra large dessert, with great whipped cream.
After walking past this pizza all weekend, we finally decided to give it a try before heading out.  The only complaint is that there isn't much seating.  However, the pizza was delicious and exactly what we were craving and hoping for...yum!!
Yum!  This is the best steak I've ever had, after Ruth's Chris.
Neat little shop thats the \"Subway\" of sushi. Rolls were good and I like that you can customize them as you go. \n\nIts worth a shop and a convenient location.
My twins enjoyed the Summer Camp Jr. last year so much that they keep asking when they can go back.  So I will definitely be sending my 6 yo twins this Summer for the full day.  The theater experience is fun and engaging for all ages.  Can't wait for their next show!
The 5th time I went on Saturday. Service and plating is inconsistent.  A 40 seat casual BBQ should not run on reservations as it effects capacity management put stress on staff and clients.  Some managers better than others, but the one on Saturday should consider working outside the hospitality field.  Unnecessarily awful service experience last.  Lost client.
Well looks like I wasn't the only one that didn't care for  this place....Since it's now closed
A wonderful selection of beers, especially some that are hard-to-find locally.  Staff is very knowledgeable, prices are reasonable.  One of the best parts is that the prices are the same whether you're drinking there or taking it home.
Good prices, great hookahs, good food! A very chill place to hang out with friends. Also free wifi
Horrible McDonalds! They NEVER get my order correct. I always ask for a plain cheesburger for my kids happy meals and tbey are never plain. Horrible service.
Great atmosphere and food.  We had breakfast on the porch in between shopping.  We nursed ourselves back to fighting condition with benedict special which was pork bellies, mimosas and coffee.  Service was exceptional, the waiter was actually french, or a really good actor practicing his accents.
Best bang for your buck in all of Vegas.  It's entertaining for kids and adults alike.  I've seen his show 3 times (since he was at Maxim years ago) and would go again in a heartbeat.  Love it, love it, love it!
Great pizza! The ingredients pop in your mouth and are hot right out of the oven, making the individual slices of pizza a steal of a deal. I got a slice of pizza a small house salad and a drink for $7. Not bad for lunch.\n\nA must try if you're around the area.
Sean SAVED me when I had a hair disaster! He is AWESOME!! So great with cut and color... aaand not to mention he's a fun time. Lori is a HOOT! She does AMAZBROWS!! She turns my frown upside down!
There's nothing really special about this sushi place. It's just like the other sushi restaurants that you would go to, except this one is just on the southwest side.
The only place I'll go for pizza from now on.  Fast, cheap, and delicious.  The crust is bomb, and having as many toppings as you want clinches it.  The garlic knots are fantastic as well.  The pizzas are 10 inches and six slices each - great for one really hungry person.
For the price not bad, but this place is past its time.
Food is pretty good, but a little pricey though. The atmosphere is nice. Waitresses are friendly. Been there second time so far. I would go back there again.
They were very friendly and we felt like they cared about us and our situation. They were willing to get us the best deal and that helped a lot with our tight budget. I would definitely recommend this glass company to anyone. All around great experience.
this is a typical (wharf i call a computer restaurant) noisy, OVERPRICED, for the quality of food served.
Pretty darn good sandwiches...way better than subway. $7.99 for 12\" sub. Happy hour mon-fri (3-6pm)gets you $2.00 off.
Good night view !! Service was good ! Best place for romantics date ,birthday ! When u visit vegas from other state you should try here !
They have good pho, rice dishes, and noodle dishes.  But whats with the price? It's not a little high.. they are sky high! This could become my regular spot if the prices weren't so high.
Big slices, but not the most impressive place for pizza. Worth a try, but will not be our regular spot for pizza. Price doesn't match quality.
I have done business with Rob at CornDog Computers for the last 5 years.I am always impressed with Rob's knowledge, and ability. Rob is professional, courteous and most importantly, he gets things done on time and on budget!
Yum! The Ulcerator burger was delicious! Great prices!
At the pub/restaurant side I had a very bad experience, terrible food, even worse service.  A complete waste of money, avoid at all costs.
Dream swirls is pretty awesome! I like the toppings! Frozen yogurt and cookie dough how could it not be 5 stars!
Love the course conditions here which get the high rating.  The staff is friendly and the clubhouse bar inviting.  Layout can be a bit confusing the first time but great variety of holes make for a great experience.  Greens are usually fast and true.  Only complaint is there starter set up never works, they always seem to forget my group.
I went here about 2 years ago, when I last visited Vegas, and I still think about the chicken tenders to this day. They really were the best chicken tenders I've ever had! The fries were good too, as were the prices. I will definitely make my way back to Chicken Now next time I'm in Vegas.
Decent but not great.  OK as far as bar food goes.  Very smokey.
This place is OK \nFood:was bland on the buffet  and also cold\nService:Friendly\nAmbience:Fancy\n\nHad it not been for the service and ambience i would have rated a 1 star
Awesome fun place for all ages until curfew time when they kick kids out.  Plenty of fun playing pool, shuffleboard, darts...Great service.  Nice people. Diverse music.  Only downside is the food.  It's soooo bad don't even waste your money on it.
Don't come here. They are out of everything by 6pm. Staff seemed angry the place was full. Pork chop was cooked enough for a whole pig.
Rarely do I find true Italian Neapolitan pizza in the U.S. These guys are very close to what you will find in Rome.  Me likey! Me likey!
Worst McDonalds in the United States of America. I could get food faster in a prison cell. You have a better chance of the Pope going to hell than getting good service here.
Quick stop here - ate at the bar before going out. I started with a salad- nice dressing. It was unusual that I ordered chicken, but I heard that it was really good here- and it was!  Service and food good \noverall.
Great food and fantastic staff.  Been going there since they opened and love it. Great burgers and chicken sandwiches, if your there on Fridays, the fish fry can't be beat.  I am not much of a salad guy, but the Southwest Chicken Salad is more that enough and is great!!
Nice place.\nUnhappy receptionist.\nPoor housekeeping.\nPoor internet with charge of $20/night resort fee
Drinks are fine, doughnuts are not.  Any store that has to rely on getting them from another location is never a good sign.  The chain has overexpanded and is focusing too much on other products.  They need to change their name since doughnuts are not their primary focus anymore.
Great margaritas and wonderful food!
This was my first Pure Barre class.  I split my time between Los Angeles, where I do the Bar Method regularly, and Las Vegas, where there are no Bar Method studios.  I prefer the Bar Method, but Pure Barre is a close second choice for me.  The studio was nice,the staff was very friendly and I felt the workout.
I would give zero. This is by far the worst Mexican place ever. They increased prices and the service is so deplorable... I hope this place goes under soon!
There was an awfully long shuttle bus ride to the center. I wasn't sure where they were taking us. :P When we got there, however, everything was fast and easy.
Server inattentive. Got check before even silverware. Was served wrong food. Had to ask for our food, knowing it was ready after 25 min. Coffee refills sat at coffee bar until I got up and retrieved them, and they may have had three tables.
Awesome service, above and beyond the usual. Everything Italian on the menu is excellent and approved by my Italian friends. I don't go to an Italian Restaurant to eat anything other than Italian, although my friends who've had the steak think it is excellent as well. I've visited several times since 2011 and have never been disappointed.
Overpriced chevy's.
Man this place is great!  Great atmosphere friendly staff, oh yeah the food is good too! Endless burger combos and TATER TOTS!  Nothing like a good burger and a tall beer!\n\noh and congrats on the top 25 best burger in the usa
Very weak for a Vegas casino buffet. Went on a Tuesday night. The selection was small and the food was cafeteria quality.
Awesome food, exceptional service, clean environment plus friendly staff makes this place our next go to spot for Filipino food cravings while in Vegas. Owner, Glen, is very accommodating that he even offered our family barbecues as part of the buffet price. We will definitely be back!!
This is a good place to stop for some quick uninspiring grub with your family.\n\nWe have some typical diner type food here. Burgers, fries, sandwiches. Everyone was satisfied, and the price was pretty good.\n\nPlenty of parking, great place to bring the kids.
Great deals but the check out is horrible!  All they do is talk to each other and don't pay attention at all to the customer or what they're doing the girl totaled me out 3times thinking I was done because she was neck deep in a gossip story with her friend
Nice, clean, friendly, and close to home.  And they don't charge a fortune.  Can't complain!  I'll be back :)
The pros: The view. you save about 20$ just for going up.\n the food was very very good, the service was excellent\n\nThe cons: Very overpriced.
A decent hotel at a reasonable price.  The pool is set up for kids (not very deep with a very shallow, wading pool end).  The only problem we had was smoke odor.  It was coming into the bathroom from the vent.  My brother had to switch rooms at first because the odor was so strong.
Went to dinner the other night and the service was horrible. Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes. The waiter was talking to other staff like we didn't even exist and the manager there is clueless.  Would definitely not recommend and this is not the first time this has happened.
The food was not very good at all. Definitely should not be considered authentic Mexican. Service was horrible. There was no one in the place / at the bar and it took forever to order / get our food. 25 minutes to get a fried ice cream? Really?!? WILL NOT BE GOING BACK.
Sat down this am. Waited almost 20 minutes. No one ever came to our table. We asked for service 3 times. Still no one. Very poor management. Won't go back.
My boy is getting his junk snipped!!!! 40 min,
Not a fan.  I am a huge breakfast fan and the food here is so so, at best.   Don't waste your money.
If you haven't tried this place you had to try it at least once. They have the best ingredients for all their food and some healthy options as well. I love to get the chicken bowl because their burritos are too big and messy. I'd never had a problem with this place and they always give great customer service.
Tasty, delicious greek and Mediterranean food. I'm a huge fan of the gyros. The chicken is excellent as well. Free soup while you wait is a nice compliment. Staff is friendly and polite as well, and the place is rather clean considering the location.
When this place was Trophy's, it was way better. They have changed the menu quite a bit and the quality of food has gone downhill.  The staff is still great, but don't go for the food. Still a great place to drink, but eat somewhere else before you go.
Monday-Thursday $5 all day everyday. Only issue I have is that it gets a bit crowded with teens on the weekends, but otherwise I have no complaints. I saw Avatar in 3D here as well as Inception and had a great time.
Pumpkin porter was okay . Tastes like they changed the recipe. We got the classic Italiano pizza and honestly I've had better frozen pizzas . I would not recommend this pizza to anyone . Server was friendly. Atmosphere was great . The raj is what gave this review an extra star .
The food is decent, but kind of expensive for what you get. I got the chicken tacos, but they were like $11. The service was kind of slow, but there was only one server on for the whole restaurant, so that is understandable.
This place was really quite the surprise! We enjoyed a great ethnic cornbread appetizer and some really awesome tapas. Will come back for sure
I bought their monthly car wash plan. I told the guy working there I only wanted it for one month, yet they keep billing me. No way to contact them on their website and I don't have a phone number.
Awesome pizza!! Nice and thin crust with fresh toppings...great place hid inside the Golden Nugget...u will not be disappointed coming here to eat.
Mario Batali must be on High Blood Pressure meds if he eats at hi own restaurants.  Food was oversalted. Overpriced for what we quality of what we received. Headwaiter was unfriendly.  Other waitstaff was good and anticipated needs well.
The girl at the counter was super nice, a little too enthusiastic lol, but really nice. The food left something to be desired. It wasn't bad, just not really good and Hawaiian food isn't that difficult to make, so I have to give them 2 stars.
Best service in the Pharmacy!  Tom and Alma both provide great customer service. Sad we won't be able to use Walgreens after Dec 31 due to insurance contract issues.
Food is just as good as it was a few years back, but service is just terrible. If you want slow service this is the place to go. Used to be a regular here but no more!
Great atmosphere!  Great food even if you don't like ribs.
Good, though our 3 cakes were dry. Would give it a second chance
I got some late night snacks here . I was impressed by the flavor of the carne Asada , the  other thing I liked is you can add toppings like guacamole for free . They had some solid options and I will be back next trip, if the customer service was better I might have given them 5 stars .
The view and ambiance are almost as amazing as the food! I always order one of the chefs specials and have never been disappointed!
This place is not bad for a quick lunch and the interior is nicely designed. The staff were friendly and the food came out fast. However, the food quality was a little below my expectations. It was not bad, just less than I expected based on price and location.
I'm writing this update simply based on one fact: after the draw of it being new and nearby, I find myself not wanting to go there just based on the limited menu. If I want a simple sandwich, I can go elsewhere cheaper. It's still beautiful inside, though.
The food is pretty fabulous!  I had the OMG French toast and they really were OMG delicious.  The waitress wasn't particularly friendly or attentive but if all the food is this good, it doesn't matter to me.
Food is great and staff is friendly with the only exception being Patty. Usually works in the morning and is CLEARLY not a morning person. Always up to go back because it is kind of funny to me now.
Good but not great. Ordered the fruit cakes & they were totally uninspired.\n\nNot so many breakfast places in champaign so it is what it is.
Wasn't the best buffet. The shimp tasted like rubber, the Chinese food was overly salty, the sushi was tasteless . The crab legs were really small. Nothing like the king crab that were in the other pictures. Only thing good was the deserts, prime rib and open bar. Very pricey $30.
Raku lives up to its reputation.  The service was excellent.! We made reservations ahead of time,  we're seated immediately,  and food came quickly and we enjoyed every moment.  We tried all of the highlights mentioned and none disappointed.
This is not an art gallery. Like the name states its an interiors retail store - that hangs art.
Hubby and I really enjoyed the crepe we each had. I had the Rebel and he the Bananas Foster.  No too heavy, perfect ending to a nice late-August evening.  Now we have to try out the other flavors.
read karen's review. \n\nI'm the guy who wanted to throw up.
The crab cakes are the best I have ever had! This is a great place I highly suggest breakfast!
I love amsterdam!  Nothing is better than the Sunday night Karaoke and the $5 martinis and manicures on Mondays.  It can definately get very crowded on the weekends so be prepared to wait for a drink.  Oh and Sam Adams Cheery Wheat is on tap.
Great service and a cool setup! Cool employees and friendly.  Prices are great!  Great selection of eliquid.
Ive only been here once for dinner but I go alot for lunch, I work in the area. Its always fast, sometimes gets a little busy but Ive always been able to eat and get back to work in an hour. I usually get the yellow curry or pad thai. Its good food. Not spectacular thai by any means.
Meh, the Buffet was about on par with a standard college dormitory. The service was good but the selection and taste weren't really too good. The all you can drink beer was good, but that's the only plus in an otherwise mediocre buffet.
Standard Subway.\nI've never had a problem with my food- but there's sometimes a wait.\n\nLess of a drink selection than other subways.
Love their Sunday Brunch...late winter, early spring is one of the best times to have brunch there outdoors on their patio
Eggcellent!  If you're staying in the adjacent Hyatt, skip the hotel restaurant and come here.  Top-notch casual.
Great place to get on the Internet, there is always a computer available.
Been shopping @ Frys for years, the wait @ the pharmacy SUCKS! Thought since the up grade the wait would go down. I was totally wrong..\n\nAnd dont get me started on the rude deli people. They look at you like (What are you doing here?)
Carne Asada tacos are to die for. Had four at $1.10/each and was pleasantly full to the gills. Will return next time in the area.
Went to Chloes for breakfast Sunday Morning.  Ordered the usual egg sandwich to go.  Waited 30 minutes and left with no sandwich.  Had this problem of long wait previously but did not learn.  This is why you pay up front.
Saw this place across the parking lot as I was going to the market.  Decided to order take out and was pleasantly surprised.  The host/waiter was very chatty, really chatty.\nOrdered Pork Fried Rice.  Would go back or recommend.
Cool building to house a cafe, but the architecture of the interior was a bit awkward, as was the lack of any really clearly defined menu.  Owner was nice and my lunch (sweet potato pie) was pleasant, but the coffee I took to go was colder than the steering wheel of my rental car.
I finally found the best massage therapist.  Jon has helped my feel better especially with my bad back... I will continue to see him as long as he is available.
So far so good at protein house, my go to is the Italian stallion and the Greek bowl with brown rice. I actually tried out some type of choc brownie this week and surprisingly it was unreal ..... Not sure how healthy it was but def tasted great ! Recommend protein house for after work out meal
I tried this place when it first opened and did takeout. It was awful!. The crust was like cardboard and the whole pizza had no flavor. They need to make up their mind if fast or good is what they are aiming for.
Ribeye with bone at 22oz very good once they got my order right. I like mine cooked medium not well done. There is a reason for the name. The meats are ages 35 days. It's not the best I've had but still quite good.
Nice cocktails. My friend had the crab BLT and reminds me about it at least once a day. It seems that the menu has changed recently, but Sonoma has a nice vibe and a good kitchen and waitstaff.
This buffet is great if you are on a budget.\nI went for breakfast and the food was ok. Nothing spectacular but it gets the job done. If you like breakfast meats, this place is great because there is a nice spread of sausage and bacon.
Food was great, and the staff friendly!!  however,  there was a bad odor inside and apparently according to this repeat customer I briefly chatted with, he says that smell has always been there.  I'll definitely go there again, just won't dine in.
Super slow drive thru been waiting so far for 20 mins and still my coffee isn't ready.
Unique place. We went  through the drive thru, and had to repeat everything 3 times. Its pretty expensive, but pretty good. The spicy mayonnaise sauce is very good. The shrimp tacos are very good.
Had so much fun here. Didn't know which cocktail to order so I asked Roberto the bartender. He asked me what kinds of things I liked to drink and he created a cocktail based on that!
Great customer service here!! We were treated wonderful and the food was delicious.  Will be back for sure.
I always come here when we they have crawfish in season. But all of their other dishes are great too. Tonight the service was a little off, but all in all dinner was still great as always.
The noodle soup here is a bit bland but the dim sum is pretty good.  A bit overpriced so if you are on a budge, I suggest you head over to Chinatown.
WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER. At Segals, the customer is always wrong. The management and staff are the rudest people I've ever met.
What a great place! Brought the dog on the patio and she even got great service! Had the grilled cheese and pumpkin pop tart! Delicious!
Amazing fresh, authentic food... wish I'd thought to ask for more guidance before ordering... It would be great to go with a big group in order to be able to sample more...
Perfect, right on St. Catherine's.  Summer outside, with a BYOB, plenty of SAC (liquor stores) close by. Nice food, good service, right on prices.....overall totally worth a visit !
The food was delocious and the service was great
Always get great service and they're pretty fast (faster than Jiffy Lube). Pricing is the same as the rest of the industry.
I had a really great time in the VIP area of this club.  The reason for the 3 stars was the people that worked for the club.  They were very rude.  If they have new people that work there, I would recommend this club to anyone.
Great prices, quality service, friendly employees. Laundry services are good too! Always pressed and ironed nicely. \"Heavy Starch\" is more \"medium\", but that's a subjective issue. Use them regularly.
We don't get it!!!\nDid not eat the pizza, maybe that was our mistake.\nUnderwhelmed and overcharged
This is going to be a simple update.\nI still love the crepes so I'm keeping my rating the same. Finally tried their chai though. They make them with honey so it really changes the taste. Makes them way sweeter than spicy. Trying that once was enough. I want spicy.
Awful customer service.  They swear they are a high end store.  All I did was ask for a military discount and they swore I was robbing them or taking it out of their paychecks...come on!\nGEEZ...
The Gnocchi and Ocotopus Salad were some of the best I've ever had! The view of the fountains was amazing. This is by far my favorite restaurant in Vegas!
Sweet Republic has great ice cream and the staff was very friendly. We got to sample favors before deciding which one to get. The ice cream tasted very fresh! My favorite favor is the Salted Butter Caramel!!!
Enjoyed my Pedicure with callus removal and hot paraffin wax treatment!\n\nWax was a bit warm, but I could handle it. \n\n:)
If you ever find yourself in one of about 700 Dotty's in Las Vegas, you know you have a problem. Imagine your grandmother's living room. Now fill it with slot machines and degenerate gambling addicts. If I remember correctly, they'll comp your drink if you're playing a nickel slot machine.
Boo!!! I LOVE Starbucks! But they were not nice here! I may be spoiled by my awesome Starbucks employees! But still, come on, you work for Starbucks! Smile be nice!
I can deal with in n out being slow because it's so good.  But this one is ridiculously slow.  The people who work there operate in slow motion.
I always used to love the wings from here but in the past two years they have gone downhill...Customer service blows and the wings hardly have any meat on them.  Try another location they are all not the same.. Marcias Long Wongs in S. Phx is much better
Went with a groupon, will not be back. Audio far to loud, chopped turkey salad required a microscope to find the turkey and fish and chips were way to greasy. Fries were good but when you put greasy fish on top of them they are gross.
The food was average at best... the server was far from friendly and solidifying my decision to never visit the place again.
We really loved this club! The music was great and its an open dance floor with this cool waterfall so you can have all the dance partys all you want and not get too hott.\nThere were tons of single hott men that loved to buy us drinks all night so ladies this is the place to be : )
The food and bake goods are just ok.  Enjoyed the music though.
Amazing facility!  Loved the mirror maze and laser maze!  Great for kids/teens!  A must try!
Still havn't heard back from management.\nThis proves my point, they could not care LESS!\nPerhaps we should all spend our hard earned money elsewhere?
Amazingly clean wash and superb service, not to mention comfy lounge! The best in Vegas!
This place is a must whenever I'm in Pittsburgh. Columbus has record stores but this is like a warehouse. Prices are great and you can easily kill a day in there. Only downside is they don't take credit cards.
I ordered 3 items to go one of which was chicken tikka masala and  I didn't get it we were charged for it but we got a beef dish with lots of bones I was pretty disappointed I don't think I will be back!!!!!!!
Simple clean , friendly staff but the selection is not  that great
This is the McDonald's inside the Wal-Mart store.  Nothing special but we still use this one due to the fact the freestanding one across the street is awful.
I work next to the place and has visited many times for lunch, but it's certainly gone downhill on the service side more than anything. It does take for ever to receive your food, I've only had the burgers that were pretty good. I haven't been back in a couple of months...
I decided to return with some friends and the food is still good, but the service stills sucks. I am so disappointed with the quality of service that we received. The hostess was rude, the waitress was equally just the same. If it weren't for the good food I would stay away from this place.
Treated my parents to a meal here, and the service and food were excellent.
Went there for lunch with a coworker on opening day...good food that was way over-priced...  $11 to $14 for a roll.  They offered no lunch specials.   Won't go back for lunch unless they start some good deals.  Might be a fun place on a night before a game.
Slow service!  Crunchy pancakes?  What happened mimis? Used to be good.  They also recently changed their menu, with my favorite sandwich gone!  Never again.
Slow and poor service. Ordered a pizza and after waiting for 45 minutes, was served cold. Asked for a manager and he didn't have the guts to come to our table. Will never visit this place again.
Country style! Good food...
Go early ! Parking is a pain! The walk is a good pre hike! Pretty intense hike , some steep spots and great views!  Remember smooth means slippery! Thanks John !
this is one of my favorite taco places. they have raised the price a little bit and reduced the size..which sucks. I always leave happy although my last visit I tried a crab taco that simply just didn't agree with me but my chicken and fish tacos...always delicious.
didn't get to drink the coffee...\n\nfruit salad - good\n\negg white fritata was ok\n\nvery nice wait staff
The food is amazing and this place deserves a 5/5 but the service sucks so bad I'm giving it a 3/5.
After being a client at a studio (c) in sundial plaza and paying a ridiculous amount ($500) for the standard cut and color I decided to try salon chella. So happy that I did. Not only was the price 1/4 of the cost at the other salon, the result was 10 times better!  Go see Kim.
I ordered Pho Tai. It was perfect. They didn't skimp on the meat or noodles. It came out hot,  the steak was still rare and perfect. The restaurant was nice and clean and the service was good too.
Went to try it today at lunch and it wasn't open.  Went to Carly's Bistro instead (fantastic!).  Called the number for Scratch when I got back to the office and it was disconnected.  Guess it's closed?
$30 for two plates of hot mush. My wife and I had belly aches the rest of the day. Never again.
Very good. At $24 bucks for buffet can't beat it. All food was very good. Definitely would go back.
All in all not a bad place for lunch. The food was good but not excellent in my opinion. I had the Chile Verde burrito and although it was good I think the cilantro and onions overpowered the flavor of the the green chile.
I've seen better and cheaper. Stayed here for a couple of nights in November, it's a pretty long ways away from the strip, buffet couldn't been better, room was alright, hallway smelled like piss, compared to the hotels on the strip this is more like a motel.
Very slow service with only one employee working. The second was on break.  I get it... breaks are warrented, deserved,  and required. That said, it's tacky as an employee to take up the only table in the dining room to eat a huge pancake breakfast while occasionally looking up at the long line.
Wonderful dumplings!  Great service as well.  We had the soup and the stone dumplings.
Great place to eat, great ambiance, friendly employees, the ranch is okay. The onion rings are to die for, what I call a good burger.
We love this place!
The food is wonderful, some of the better dishes I've ever had. But months or a year ago they stopped letting anyone under 21 into the restaurant, so I no longer go because I don't want my son to feel left out. Great food, bad management
The employees were very friendly and helpful, the prices were quite reasonable considering the quality, and the fresh desserts all looked amazing. We had the sticky toffee pudding and it was even better than it looked. Delicious.
Great BBQ menu, very reasonable prices and quiet atmosphere.  Will definitely come back !!!
Disgusting. I was afraid to touch any surfaces. I ordered the fried chicken and waffles. The waffles had no texture and the chicken was cold on the outside. It has obviously been cooked the day before and was just quickly refried before serving. Yuck. Stay away.
ain't nobody got time for bigots!
Food was Ok... Service not very good , No napkin, fork, or offered Ketchup for fries..
It's a half Irish bar on the westside of phx. Not bad.... But happy hour was a plus!
The rooms at this Marriott are nice. The cleaning crew does a good\nJob at keeping everything looking clean and fresh. The bed and pillows\nAre comfy. How ever the Marriott is situated just under the plane path of the Las Vegas airport. The planes can be noisy depending on which room you stay in.
Great experience overall. We came to visit family here in Vegas from Long Beach, California and never had thai food and it was soo delicious. Everything was great from service to food. :)
Do not come here. You will get ripped off. And it will not be anything that represents a good vegas experience. Go to Cheetahs  or rhino.
I'm starting to really like Kohl's as much as I like J.C. Penney. (I like J.C. Penney)
Becoming regulars here!  The service varies because some nights they're insanely busy and everyone is running around BUT the food is always delicious and priced much more reasonably than it could be. Their Sea bass special melts in your mouth.
Not only did David give an amazing deep tissue massage he also was able to provide pointers on how to help alieviate the pain every day. He followed up providing additional tips and links via email. I will definitely be using him again.
Nikki was awesome! I got my hair colored and cut and came out looking exactly how I wanted. Highly recommend :)
I was a bit dubious about a cafe that advertises coffee that doesn't taste like coffee but the espresso was decent. Not awesome but better than Starbucks.
Really?  The best in Vegas?  Saw it a month ago and was mildly amused.  Perhaps the actors knew it was the last three weeks they'd be working and didn't feel like putting effort into it but it wasn't worthy of being called Disney.  I do enjoy puppets though...
I have been going to Grand Paws for several years. The staff are all friendly and helpful. All Vets are nice but I really like Dr. St Clair. He is very caring and good with my cats.\nI think their prices are better than most places. Their new clinic is very nice and I like the bigger space.
Awful service! Once you buy the product they have no regard for the quality. Owner is an asshole that does not care about customer service. Do not buy from here, you will end up spending more time and money in the long run
Ordered BBQ chicken mini meal for dinner. Comes with one scoop each of macaroni salad and rice with meat served on top of cabbage/veg. Swapped out mac salad for extra cabbage and brown rice instead of white. Chicken was top notch and was the prefect sized meal for $6.
I love Dr. Chambers but mannn the wait took like 2 hours long!!!!! I finally left and rescheduled. I couldn't wait another hour!!
We waited 45 minutes for our Oreo dessert and it came with melted ice cream and did not even compare to the deep fried Oreos you find at a county fair. The atmosphere is loud and un romantic. If you're into the club scene you will like this place better. The server was a very sweet girl who was very nice.
Rude unprofessional and tried to over charge me... Do yourself a favor use someone else...
The buns are awesome. That's something I notice different about the burgers. The Wheat buns are amazing as well.
Love Paint Night Pittsburgh.\n\nConnie, the host, is super fun.  Can't wait to do it again.
GONE. I went to Union today and there was no Smeeks to be seen.\n\nIt seems that when shops secede from Union, they also post no future address (lots of \"coming soon\" signs on empty booths today), so I don't even know.
Sloppy service yesterday, real sloppy.
Chris was great.  I needed my daughters carpet put back in place after having some slab work done.  He was out the same day I called and took care of it quickly and efficiently.
My husband and I have eaten hear a few times.  We have never had a bad time. Love the food and of course, the chips and salsa!  =)  No complaints.
Great music. Both in restaurant and club side.\nFood was avg and a little slow\n\nIf your short on money seems like they always have some sort of drink deal going on
Great golf, better price. We played the 12 hole/Par 3. Nice course, and a good challenge. The scenery was absolutely beautiful. A very friendly staff too.
Cool place. Okay food. The chef needs to learn how to cut sashimi as we could barely find it on our plate because it was so thin, so I would skip that and stick with the bison burger. Location and restaurant layout was good. Everything else was nothing to write home about.
Good food.\nGood service.\nSeems to be my local go to Chinese restaurant.
Great food! I ordered a Mexican omelette and my boyfriend ordered the Hangar Works. I definitely recommend either of those choices. Order the hash browns extra crispy. Yum! I also love that you can watch the little planes take off. My boyfriend is into flying and planes so it's definitely a place we both enjoy :)
I'm sorry but the food was not at all what I expected. Service was terrible and management made not attempt to address the disappointment after trying to make our steaks correct. Apparently the chief does not know what is \"Medium Well\"??\nIt was either Well or Raw. How can a business exist? Never again.
Now this airport Is much nicer. Not perfect, but much better than one in Texas Huston. \n\nPeople are welcoming. All is good. A lot stores and restaurants. I love to shop while I'm waiting for my flight. So it's all good.
Top class steakhouse
Great Customer Service - Nice Collection Bringing California to ASU\n\nThey help me purchase presents for my daughter
WARNING: COUGAR CROSSING!\n\nIf you are a young man and want to get down with an older, nice looking woman- go here.  Everyone else... don't bother!
I was excited to see a Filipino restaurant in Squirrel Hill, but the food was only okay to me. Still the option of eating Filipino food here is great :)
love this place! good coffee
Great steak sandwich and the fries have a great taste without any sauce. My wife had Mamas burger, the bun and mushrooms were great tasting, but the meat lacks flavor. We will give this place another try.
We love taking our 2 dogs here for the self wash. No bending over the bathtub or messing up your bathroom. We haven't used the groomers, because they are both short haired and easy enough to wash ourselves. Owners are super helpful and nice
For the price the Tuesday buffet is great!
Aweful! Waited 30 Mins for food and that is with hardly anybody there.
Compared to other options in the area, Brewskes is just a dated, overpriced dive bar.  The Menu has improved, but everything else (including the atmosphere) makes you wonder how they can justify chrginng the prices they do. There are much nicer places.
Food was yummy, ambiance is non-existent, and prices... well it's the Wynn.  But this is the highest I've ever paid for Chinese food in my life.\n\nI would give it a higher rating, but there are so many other restaurants that you should go to.
This place is the worst. Their customer service was shotty and was acting aggressive when asked to repeat an order. There call service sucks and is assholes fuck them they suck
Well Courtney is gone from here and apparently so is service. Tonight they have one server and she is doing everything she can to take care of customers \n\nFood is good however it is not good enough to get this type of service. Time to find a new pizza place in Surprise.
Hmmm.  Not sure I get it.   None of the individual ingredients were of high quality or particularly flavorful for me. The steak was tough. Poor value / quality price point  overall from my perspective.  Not enough draw for me to go back and give it a second shot.
This is the worst post office I have ever been to. I have lived all over the world and used scores of them. The people here move like they have no purpose and couldn't care less about you and your needs. If the government is going to shut down post offices to save money, this should be the first one to go.
Friendly atmosphere. Lots of flavors, add-ins and toppings to choose from...the possibilities are endless!
this store is NOT A VERIZON STORE.  they do not state that anywhere.  They fraudulently issued me an insurance policy that has been charging my account for 10.99 a month.  I never signed up NOR agreed to this insurance policy.\n\nBEWARE.
EW. \n\nWack. \n\nPrice conscious crowd = unsanitary public restrooms in the casino, less than helpful & friendly staff, disappointing rooms, & killer wait time for check in.
Called because the website offered a free consultation. This turns out not to be the case. I would have to \"pay for an exam\". Don't be misled. Another dentist only interested in money & not concerned about the patients well being.
I miss this place.  I used to frequent it for lunch when I worked in the area.\nIt gets incredibly busy, but it's worth it.  Sandwiches- yum, pasta-yum, salads-yum, cookies-yum, ice tea-yum... ok you get it.
they turned the imperial palace into something called the quad but this place survived the renovation. the food is good the service slow and the portions massive.
Loved the burgers and vibe here.  Great for lunch if you are in the Luxor or Mandalay.  Got a cute Tshirt for my dog.
Its ok. This place has a unique flavor. Origanely from Miami-Globe area, they have expanded down here in the valley. They have a strong following. I have eaten here about 10 times, cause of location.
Excellent food.  Great value.  We went here multiple times because I wanted to try all the yummy dishes.
Pretty much always good food. Delivery... Dont get Angel Puffs. They arrive soggy and cold. Service is good but sometimes the person on the line is hard speaking of english. But... Yummy!
Cooked food and oyster shooters were good.  Sushi and rolls were ok but they came with a lot of rice.  Service was slow but understandable because there was only one waitress serving the whole restaurant.
Oysters good. Chicken was smelly. Adult tater tots good. Took our servicer for.ever. to split our checks. Mediocre across the board.
Later in the night, not very crowded yet they insisted we sit crowded next to another pair of people.  Service was slow, just getting a drink was an effort.  Food was poorly prepared and over cooked, or as in my partners case cold.  No way coming back other than drinks in the summer.
We were waiting in line for about 30 mins for and empty-ish lounge? club\" what are you?
Recommended from on of my boy friends to go for a visit to LA river with them I went there and saw the river here. This visit was enjoyable though a little tough for me as it was through bicycle. But I found nothing else except river's scenic beauty. Sometimes a little more adds by the blowing air.
Quick, inexpensive, and sitting down.  \n\nI am no expert in what traditional Scottish pastries ought to taste like or how much they should cost, but we were hungry and our tourist feet were worn out.  The quick lunch at Jock's was convenient, fast, and really hit the spot.
Cannot believe I have lived next to this place for years and never tried it! Went for lunch today and the sliders (one pork, one beef and one chicken) were AMAZING! Their mac n cheese was bomb too, not to mention the Big Red. Will definitely start eating here regularly.
Stayed at Paris for a company convention. Carpet in room is very soiled/stained. Found blood stains on curtains. Woodwork in room is very knocked up.  Bed linens are worn & dirty. This hotel is in need of a major update. Check- in took over an hour. Service in restaurants is average at best.
Great food and Chris, our server, was very attentive. It's a little loud inside, but it doesn't take away from the fact that this is darn good food. My only put-off was the price of my wife's skinny margarita which was the price of an entree.
Really good coffee, but you can never get a seat because all of the hipsters have every table claimed with their macbooks! If you want a place you can sit and hang out, you may want to go elsewhere. If you want coffee to go, this is your place!
Great and friendly service! I had their Sunday morning crepe and it was delicious! This busy place needs more room! I will definitely be coming back!
I was food poisoned at the Garden Buffet. We stopped in on our way out of town. It was 'Seafood Night'. About 90 minutes later, I had the most explosive bout of vomiting of my entire life. \n\nOn a positive note, the staff was friendly.
If your korean it's doable  taste but not stellar but can't complain I think not many choices in Phoenix area. It just tasted bland and soup was soso. I am so use to good korean food in wa and LA..service was excellent and fast!
I'm born and raised from Hawaii, and this did not taste like anything back home.  I asked the owner if they are from Hawaii, and they said no, they haven't been there.   That was sooo disappointing.  I won't go back.  The service sucked too!
Worst service I have ever seen we were ignored ...girl said she would talk to a manager and never did ...and I'm a  veteran ....we will not come back
Edible....food was hot, the steamed rice was perfect ...not coming back unless reviews change. Does have a traditional menu though
Such a cool hands on interactive zoo! My friends and I had an amazing time. It's much better than the Phoenix zoo!
Good enough for fast asian style food. Clean place with friendly staff. what the heck it is what it is and it is not horrible by any means. Fast, convenient, good price, and decent.
The employees made me laugh the entire time I was there! I appreciate entertainment while I wait. The donuts were mouth-watering and fresh. I bought three dozen donuts to feed a class of folks and they were nearly gone within an hour. People, including me, were going back for seconds!
The food here is good, not great, solid good. The hostess, the first and last impression was horrible. Her attitude stuck out the whole meal. Her body language, demeanor, and attitude made a lasting impression. It's a team effort and this solid 3 is now a 2. Enjoy.
Six Shooter Roll & Jericho the great roll - It was good and cheap, but not as fresh as it use to be. To me the key to great sushi is really fresh fish.
Anthony and the gal were very helpful! Great prices and selection of watches and watch bracelets! Battery replacement is very reasonable! I got my wedding ring and engagement ring buffed ,too!
Vladimir and his son came out to my house today to fix the washer. They were knowledgeable, friendly and reasonably priced. I highly recommend them!
Good Burger, but over price.
Nice little hole in the wall location for a quick Gyro Sandwich. \n\nI ordered the typical Gyro and Fries. I it was very good. Could have used a little more sauce, but other than that it was a nice little quick lunch.
I hate hippies but liked this place.  \n\nSurprisingly an awesome selection of beers.  Also a good happy hour with excellent app specials.  Skip Auntie Anne's and try these soft pretzels..  Did not make it to the pizzas yet, but will make like Batman and return.
Pretty good sashimi, their signature rolls..not so much. Great service, overall a good restaurant.
best restaurant week meal I have had in a long time. the bbq beef short rib was amazing! upscale yet casual. great outdoor seating and bar area.
Despite the unnecessary/confusing layout, the Miracle Mile shops are definitely worth a browse. My favorite was the Bettie Page shop, they have some great dresses in all sizes there!
We had a 2-3 hour layover on our way from Salt Lake to San Diego. This airport gets HOT inside! I had carry-on luggage so I changed into shorts! Cute gift shops
Worst service in Vegas. Avoid it, food took way to long, when it did came out it was exceptionally lame. \n\njust go somewhere else.
Love Love Love this place! Food and service is always A1. My only complaint is the KoolAid is way OVERPRICED!!!!
Food is good but the smell of smoke is so over bearing I won't go in anymore!\nWe go to morriseys Irish pub on north 5th it's owned by the same people and they have the same menu but they have the bar and restaurant separated!
It's was good. But you have to eat off of wax paper which is stupid.No plates.!!!!!
I ordered the sashimi and it was the worst sushi I have ever had. The fish did not taste fresh and was served in a bowl which I found rather strange. Over all terrible. I will not be getting sushi here again.
We bought some really cute stuff for our home and casita here for totally reasonable prices. I would have purchased a lot more stuff if my husband wasn't there to rein me in.
Soccer bar with decent beer that shares a kitchen with the fairly tasty Valhalla. Def a different vibe from Valhalla but the menu is diverse enough that it all works.
What a wonderful experience! The food was amazing and you must try the butterfish. Service was good and the price was very reasonable. Everything you can ask for in a restaurant. Wish this restaurant is near my house. Must go if you are in vegas
Not as big as some of the ones in town, but it's close and you can't beat the prices. \n\nIt seems like their selection is ht and miss because a lot of the time I have to go with something different as they don't have what I am looking for (Absolute/Sky)
I feel very fortunate to have come across this great hidden gem! I eat a lot of Korean food, this is probably one of the best! Don't let this outside of the building fool you, give it a try!!
If I could give less stars I would. The worst taquitos I have ever had in my life.  I would have preferred to microwave some boxed ones at home.  Do yourself a favor and go to the Taco Bell right next to that place instead.
Great theater, great show, not a bad seat in the house (although I did not sit in everyone).
Very hard to get help or information. Most of the thirty workers are busy talking to each other than helping you. Does not know where or if they have a product or not. Asked five different people and non of them know what kind of specials they had for Veterans Day.
OMG. I came here for my birthday and it was amazing.  All the service and food is exceptional. Chang was wonderful.
Beautiful place, however, the food was extremely oily. The onion rings were dripping oil, fries tasted like oil. We couldn't eat our food. The service was also slow even though the restaurant was empty.
Brother in law turned me on to their wings. We were having a pool party for his daughter's H.S. graduation. Good amount of heat and the chicken was cooked all the way through. If you're having a party and don't wanna cook, I suggest you give these guys a ring.
Food with no flavor no exactly mexican food should be mexican twisted  food bad experience
It was good.  Pretty classic mexican family restaurant.
They raised their prices again bah hah.  And when they send coupons out now they are only for 6\" inch sandwich and still give less meat then port of subs.
I wasn't all that impressed with this place. The atmosphere seemed alright, but the waitstaff seemed uninterested and slow moving. That and it was rather expensive for just a Spotted Cow. I don't live in Madison anymore, but when I do go back, I doubt I'll come here.
Only been here for lunch. \n\nFood was good, prices were pretty high though. Over $10 for a sandwich is definitely a little pricey. Like I said, the food was good, but not sure it's worth it.
Inventive Menu.  Warm inviting space.  Good brews and spirts.  Perfect for after work gatherings or pre-game dinner.  Have been there a few times and I know I will be back.
I actually prefer this coffee shop over Starbucks. They have really good breakfast sandwiches and free WIFI. The service is very friendly and it's a great atmosphere.  Please support this local business.
I love the architecture and ambiance. The food is ok, most of the time it looks better than what it tastes. The service is up and down... For the price of the food you would think that they would spent a little more attention to how the customers are treated..
Good BBQ here. Very tasty. It's clean like another reviewer mentioned. I like the location of this place. In the heart of an Asian strip mall with a 99 Market.\n\nWhy is Korean food so much more expensive than Chinese?
Good tacos - quick service - nothing bad to say about this place - planning on going back to check out the Friday / Saturday special
Darn the crunchy chow mein will change your life!! It's that good! Like I said before in my last deleted comment, this place is great and the employees are super nice. This is truly a hidden gem in Phoenix.
Came as a drop in -  Nice box good coaching - If you live in the area you check them out everyone makes you feel part of the box, from a beginner to some exp.
Was at the Brio last night,the service was so bad,Hay brio what is wrong with u,,the food was good
I did get a reply after a few weeks and got some running around, but they did finally agree to give me a small partial refund. It's better than nothing, but not as much as it should've been for totally ruining my wedding day decor. I would never use or recommend them to anyone for such a special event.
Delicious pizza once again! The sauce is a different, sweet taste. The crust is light and crispy.  The toppings were again loaded on top!  Unfortunately, the pizza wasn't very hot.  We also tried the wings for the first time: they have a good seasoning, but they were soggy.
I made an order for delivery one evening and was impressed with this pizza.  I liked the crust and the sauce and the toppings tasted fresh.  I have tried many places for pizza in Tempe and this one is up there with the best ones.
Horrible! Possibly the worst Americanized fake Mexican I have ever had and way over priced. If you are in Vegas and want Mexican, go to the Taqueria Canonita at The Venetian.
This has some decent breakfast food but it is always so packed.  The few times I have been here I have always been in a group (about 6+ people).  For about 20 minute wait for seating, I wanted to be wowed by the food.  I have never been wowed, but I never left with an empty stomach.
The place a hole in the wall with handwritten signs all over the place. The food is decent at a fair price and the people are friendly. I most likely will return.
Elegant Kitchen Cabinets made my kitchen remodel a total nightmare.
the venetian sucks canal water\nit looks like an indoor mall with a faux river
Good food, great beer, reasonable prices, chill atmosphere. Great place to take parents!
vastly overpriced, so-so food, service is OK but not spectacular. Not a good experience. Steak overcooked and sent back.
Mediocre old school non-whipped cream lardy cream stuff. Such poor quality we threw away good looking (but bad tasting) baked goods.  Perhaps the good yelp reviews are written by the taste budless... A disappointment.
mushroom tacos were delicious! staff was VERY attentive and nice. margaritas weren't strong enough, just too sweet.
It's a bit dated but the food pretty good not real salty like most Chinese food but you do okay
We had horrible service!!
Easy to get to, right on the way to anywhere.  Consistently tasty drinks, some other 'bux not so much, but here is like family now :)\nAnd the staff is always on point and friendly
The food is good but the service is terrible. We were four people and they brought our orders one by one.. We went there for the breakfast and asked them to have wheat bread, we almost finished our food and they finally served us bread at the last moment.by the way it's too expensive for this kind of food and service.
Delicious and everyone there is so friendly!
I have tried and tried to find a Chicken Shawarma that is as good as Amir's but haven't yet.  The garlic potatoes also rock!!!  It is sad because I don't live in Montreal and only get to enjoy this little piece of heaven periodically.  ;-(  Please, please open a store in Las Vegas!!!
Used to dine here a lot. Food is good but the rudeness of the owner Don makes this a no go. He should not take his unhappiness out on the customers
Good sports bar lacking in beer selection but all in all cheap greasy food to soak up the booze and if u got a itchy finger to win the got the vlts too
Bally's reminds me a little more of old school Vegas now that it is getting \"older\" compared to the newer, more glamorous hotels on the strip.  Great value for the rooms, and you really don't spend much time in your room anyway.  Wish they would update the rooms though.
Best pitas hands down! Just try it!
The place to go if you want to buy foie gras.  Very close to McCarran Airport.  They'll even pack it for you for your flight.  About $40 per pound.
Excellent service...check! Best sushi in town...check! Watching table argue with staff about not getting their 30th order of baby octopus...priceless.
Great food, nice atmosphere.  You don't walk out smelling like your dinner like some other ethnic joints.  Dessert was great, and the meats were cooked to temperature.  The saffron rice is terrific.  Would recommend.
This place sells Adam Carolla's Mangria, which is quickly becoming my favorite drink.
Great atmosphere, good service, but just average food!
The room was nice and clean, but the service was so so bad! We had many problems with our reservation and the front desk staff and concierge ranged from unhelpful to downright rude. For $200 a night, I expect the staff to at least be on top of the basic stuff.
awesome selection of specialty products. Good pricing on fresh produce and meats. Service could use a little more pep but still not so terrible that I won't continue to go here.
Oh yeah, this place absolutely blows. I'll enter in a new reason (though all mentioned are perfectly valid): Limited Clint Eastwood selections in the movie department. Fie!
Best shoe experience! I have rather large feet for a 5'4\" girl... Julie gathered the shoes I requested and brought another pair she hoped I would like. My initial choice looked horrible. Her pick fit like a dream and were promptly added to my collection. Julie was friendly, helpful and made my experience awesome!
An older small stadium with lots of charm.  Great views right outside left field. Sad that this is going to be torn down after this year.
Love this place!! Great place for a crepe, the desserts taste great and are amazing to look at as well.  I usually stay at the Aria and I eat here each day for something different whether its a snack, breakfast item, coffee, Gelato, or some candy.
We love coming here! The pizza is great and the atmosphere is nice for a date. They have great happy hour specials too!
Went there for the 1st time last week with my daughter.  Very friendly staff and clean.
Had the Kilauea burger, not very many jalapenos on it, asked more. Great food and great ambiance. Love these burgers , cold beer . Great place .
Low quality ingredients, mediocre food, horrible powder hot chocolate, lukewarm coffee, but very good martinis and all overpriced. Don't expect the same Sugar Factory from three or four years ago.
I have never had an airline deny me when I make it to the gate 5 minutes before scheduled take off. US Airways lost my business for life. Worst airline ever!
Had the taco lunch special... The beans and rice were tasty as were the chips and salsa, but the tacos did not seem fresh. The the shells were hard and chewy and by holding the taco on it's side, the grease dripped out like a leaky kitchen faucet.
Has the most AMAZING Nachos I have ever had!! Perfect bar food and the staff is great!! Happy hour is always good to me and my friends!! :D
I still hit up u swirl every now and then.  I agree that it is a little overpriced for frozen yogurt.  I usually only get the yogurt though since the fruit toppings don't look too appealing.
Best cellphone accessories collection with cheapest rates in town for all repairs.
They have great food if you can get service.   Last time I went wewaited 30 min and didn't have any service at all so we left and done 20 min to another restaurant. We just phone order wings and pick them up now
Very clean restaurant, friendly service, and excellent food. Have been back a couple of times and taken friends.  Highly recommend for fast, inexpensive, and very yummy Mexican cuisine.
This place was a disappointment. I was totally looking forward to getting some Chinese food the day I ate here. I did a delivery order, and the person who took my order was so very rude. Our food did arrive hot but I don't know about fresh. The food was so bad I didn't even finish it.
Hard to believe it could get any worse? But under the new ownership there is not enough help so I waited 30 minutes and it was dead.
the order.\nmilk tea\n\ngood milk tea and adjusted to taste.\n\nboba was not what i've come to expect from tea station.\n\nenough to satisfy my boba craving!
Great cupcakes with generous amounts of frosting
I work down the street, so when I do order food, this is usually my go to. It's one of the few places that I haven't yet had a bad experience with. Fresh ingredients, delicious combinations, and they deliver!
Dessert and beers were second to none. Appetizers and main course were subpar. Service was excellent.
No better than when it used to be called Golden West.  Ate there 1 time & will never go back.
CLOSED. I just went in and she unlocked the door and told me they closed yesterday. I thought.. Can you give me a quick pedicure anyway? Wah!..
My favorite restaurant... Kale salad, chicken sausage pizza (gluten free crust is amazing), curry, shiratake mushroom dish- yum yum yum! The natural cold to drink... Half order of most apps- amazing!!
This is a must visit place. We enjoyed everything about it, except the Cafe. Wish we had eaten before we went. the food was mediocre at best, and very over priced. We will return, but will eat before we go.
I ordered the biscuits and gravy and was given some extremely dense hockey pucks with a white hash filled gravy like substance.  The \"famous\" potatoes were cold and season less.  That's $15 I wish I had back.
Had a pulled pork sandwich from Pork on a Fork today at the Old Town Farmers Market....very very good! Keep up the good work.
This review is for the bar only.  My bf and I went here on a Saturday night.  It was rather slow with two bartenders.\n\nDrinks were good, but the service was lackluster.  The bartenders weren't attentive.
The worst customer service here ever. One employee said one thing and another said something g different, was a waste of my time and will not be going here again. If you need any sizing larger than a 12, which most athletes are just fyi they don't carry. Stick with nike at Scottsdale quarter
GREAT: trio of guacamole and the options available for your nachos, in terms of toppings and even flavor of tortillas\n\nMEH: queso blanco: a little too runny for my tastes\n\nTERRIBLE: the wings
Fast drive thru.  Accurate order\n\nThis location is kind of off the beaten path an dhas never been busy when we've gone here.  Place is clean and the service is fast and friendly. \nWhat more can you ask for?
Service was awesome, but the quality of the food didn't match the price.
The wait in line was over 1 hour and what they don't tell you is that you have to take two shuttles...one from the airport to the main rental center and another to the fox satellite location. If you can fathom 1.5 hours total in the Las Vegas heat to rent a car, it may be ok!
Outstanding coffee.  Very yummy cookies available.   Great coffeehouse atmosphere. \nIt's a bit hard to find - no big obvious sign... this isn't Starbucks.
Love the Pho, but they could use a little better quality chicken.  Still delicious!
I had a great time here last night. Good beer selection and tasty food. I had a watermelon beer which was really delicious, the nachos are great as well. I am looking forward to coming back for more.
Better than the Luxor, but barely!
I love IKEA. So busy but nobody's rude and the store isn't trashed. Sometimes you find things you never knew you needed, like a dog butt leash rack. :) After wandering for a bit, I always feel like I can cheaply and easily remodel my entire home.
Great room, very inexpensive. The wait to check in was bananas long, but the wait to check out took 2 seconds. Clean rooms, close to lots of things, good times in general.\n\nHowever, boo for paid wifi. :(
The nicest group of people work here! Thanks so much, Diego & me order here all the time!
I haven't eaten here in over 2 years, but lately I have been weekly. The food is good, full of flavor. I have eaten their sushi for the last two visits and have been impressed with it as well. The best thing is the price. So reasonable!!! Enjoy this little gem.
The sauce is a little too sweet for me but still really delicious, fresh tomatoes, home made sausage taste homemade, crust is crunchy. Just the way I like it. I have yet to taste the beef and the dogs.
...continues to be the slowest drive through in Maricopa County. If it wasn't the closest one to me, I wouldn't come here at all.  Is there anyone in Whataburger management that can get this restaurant back to speed?
Don't get me wrong - the food is Great, but even when you call in your order and given a time they are still slow... I\"m hoping as they work through the staff and get a few months under their belts the times will improve...
saks and talulah g ooh and zara niiice\n\nbut you cant walk around with your booze i really enjoy browsing around the mall with my free casino booze.
It's conveniently located off of 95/93, but that's about it. It tends to be the most expensive gas around. If you can make it to Boulder City or Horizon, you'll save a few cents per gallon. Also, avoid the coffee. Don't know how they can get coffee wrong, but they do.
Do not stay here. Awful. As though it's not shabby enough with the slowest \"service\" in the daytime, a never-ending emergency alarm starts going off at 430  AM. False Alarm.
Her cakes are ok, but her lack of customer service is not. She's very snappy and can be rude. I would not recommend her to anyone. We had her do our wedding cake and an anniversary cake 1 year later.
Ice cream run of the mill.  Chocolates especially the creme tasted quite rancid.  Expensive disappointment.
At least one a week. Can't go wrong. \n\nMy family's favorite chips & hot sauce anywhere.\n\nWife loves the veggie burro.
Dim sum: 3/5.\n\nService: 1/5.\n\nThe waiter probably wasn't even awake, and had a lazy attitude. The dim sum was good, but I really don't want to waste my time writing anything for this place, because it simply does not worth it.
I love living in Mountains Edge. I love all of the the community activities held at the Exploration Park. I can't wait to have kids so  I can bring them to the park and be able to enjoy it even more!! :)
Worst pizza we ever had. Tasted like they opened a can of tomato paste and used for sauce no flavor  Never again. Buy a frozen pizza at grocery store.
Very yummy food, friendly staff, quick service, good coffee...great spot for breakfast!
First and last time customer, I ordered a vegetariano salad for pickup and when I got it back to work I noticed they had put bacon/pork in it.
Food was very delicious and service as amazing.
Pretty expensive for the value of food. Small portions. Great tapas appetizer. Great wine list. Not worth the money. Decor is very cheesy. Really fake flowers.
The servers are quite rude. I asked if I can have the salmon because someone else there was having it they told me that was not on the menu and I could not order it... Okay, I guess I'll just take my business somewhere else? I would not come back to this smoke infested restaurant.
People seem to really like Sam's, though I am not quite sure why.  I think it is average.  Not great, not bad, just middle of the road food with a Southwestern twist.  Kind of like the Cheesecake Factory.  The food tastes good, but anything meal tastes good if it is loaded with fat.
I've been to this place my whole life living here and it never gets old ... By far the best tacos ... I'm continue to take my kids here
A bit boring after you've been a couple of times. A fairly predictable Irish theme pub, certainly not the worst though. More of student haunt but it's a fairly good natured atmosphere inside with people dancing like no one is looking.\nBouncer refused to let me in last time though without giving me any reason
Met a friend for a glass ( haha-bottle ) of wine. Weather perfect for sitting outside.  Only had wine and no food. EXCELLENT wine list. Definitely strays from the usual wine offerings. Great place to try something new.
They have a interesting selection of food stuff here and non-food stuff here, the drawback IMO is they tend to be on the more expensive side, But they have stuff that you dont see at other grocery stores. \nIf you dont mind higher prices and snooty yuppie people not a bad place to go.
The most authentic Thai restaurant in the valley. Very clean. Great customer service. Prompt with menu, re-filling of the water, food etc etc.
There are better hole-in-the-walls out there. Go next door to the Taco shop if you can't decide what to eat.
Great food, but bad service. Sometimes they run out of food so you get stuck with something you don't want on the side. Consistency with the taste in food isn't met. Overall... it's pretty good.
Excellent food. Warmly lit low light ambiance and good background music. Unfriendly hostess, but waitstaff was on point. Felt decadent to be there and we'll try it again.
don't know what to say, but cash only ranks as automatic fail in my book.  why make it difficult to take my money?  i don't have a local bank, and i'm not paying atm fees, just to give you money.  get with the times and accept credit and debit.
Pretty good.  I would like to have seen more meat on the sandwich and a better choice of bread.  But then again, that's fast food for you!
The place itself is really great but after a year of having our pets groomed by Susan we had to stop.  The dogs were never done when she said.  Sometimes running hours after our initial pickup time.  When we got the dogs there were really uneven.   We had to stay later then and coach her how to cut the dogs.
Their famous Vegas slushies have no alcohol in them, just an unreal amount of sugar. The burger was good.
Mandalay Bay is a great hotel for relaxation, spa, and the pool area.  Stayed in on the suites, nice and spacious with all the amenities a suite should have.  Rum Jungle downstairs was a pretty good place to eat at too.
Food is lacking flavor, had to ask for refill because they never came around, and they had a repo program on tv (fighting and trash talking) with kids watching.
Workers very rude     No even a clue of customer service!  \n\nBad service from the fat bald guy!  \n\nSad very sad !
I really wanted to give 5 stars on food alone but the service was just okay.. I got the rosemary filet with asparagus and it was probably one of the best steaks I have ever had.  We also got the sampler dip platter, that was delicious as well.
Eeew. Just eeew! If you want some kind of soup and salad buffet, check out Sweet Tomatoes just across the street.
Okay, but nothing to rave about.  And, their Amritsari fish wasn't really Amritsari, nor was their chaat very good.  Also a bit too pricey for not anything special Indian food.  I'm not from Montreal, so not sure what the residents of the city have to compare it to.
extreme price gouging..1-tiny small Rum & Coke $13.58cents.  Watered down sewer water. Do people actually tip the bartenders at this rate???   its called ripping off the tourists. Wow...
Very over rated without any question. burgers are NOT JUICY.They are over cooked. and although fresh, they pale in comparison to Five Guys. Since Five Guys has come to Las Vegas, I will never eat at In-N-Out Burger again; even though it is only 1/4 mile away.
Great place for a quick lunch. Visited with Dan T. for a lunch break one day and it was amazing. My favorite dish was the side of sausages you can get with cheddar and jalapeno chunks in them. Highly recommended if your're in a BBQ mood for the day.
Greasy food and cheap beer.  Light on the wallet and heavy on the style.  Tattoos and bikes everywhere.  A must stop in Charlotte.  Burgers, fried pickles, and coney dogs are all awesome.
Usually this is a good location. I actually drive out of my way past another wendys to get to this one. My chili was not hot nor was the container filled. My nuggets were old and stale. Very disappointed after this visit.
Baaaaaaaad Vietnamese food seriously how can they screw up banh cuon like this
Run down and gross.
After having a bad experience and informing the management, Dean and Deluca went above and beyond in improving my perception of the market.  Way to go!
Very Cheep Management! Really will charge you for the littlest thing's. Eg. Ask for a tiny cup of sauce. Look carefully at how cheap management is. Sadly customer is not a concern.
A place for cheapens crafty products. Not a high end gallery.
Great grilled chicken sandwich, buffalo chicken rocks and the philly cheese steak is wicked good!!! Great service as well.
Employees are not happy at all. They are very stubborn and do not accommodate for any allergies. I don't think they like their job very much
Great, fresh subs...but the sourdough was kinda hard. Nice employees!!
Be warned that their policy to refund your credit card is 5 days. I will never use this company again,
Zumanity was soooo much fun!   Great acts and great humor!   The caste had me laughing the entire time!  This is not your typical cirque show but a must see for cirque fans!!!
Atmosphere was great and rolls were pretty good but service was terrible. Had to ask for water twice. Had to hunt down a server to get our check.
Very nicely decorated comfortable place to eat and relax. The service was excellent. they kept our drinks full. I ordered the carne asada burrito it came with rice and beans. it tasted great, but the food was on the pricey side. Wow 15 for a carne asada burrito.
It's cheap pizza, what can you say. Nothing to write home about. I miss Gheppetos back home. PJ is like dominoes or Pizza Hut. Nothing to great. The bread sticks were pretty good though. Nice and soft.
Four stars alone just for having healthy choice options on the menu! I always hit up this family style diner after a workout at Gold's across the street.  Egg whites, grilled chicken, whole grain toast, fruit plate is a perfect after workout meal. Menu here is huge! I miss it already back here in NY.
Love the turkey...it's like Thanksgiving any day of the week.  Awesome sandwiches and friendly employees.  Throw a tip in the jar and they yell out \"Beer Money\"  Quality ingredients so they are a little more expensive than other sub shops but worth the price.
Don't do it, its not worth it.  We barely made it through 1 night at this place... switched to the Palms the next night.\n\nThe casino:  Think Swingers.\nThe room:  Think... actually don't even bother.
The location is great (being in the centre of Places des Arts), and the decor is great. They have really good cocktails but the food is just below average. Go there for the drinks and the ambience, not for the food.
Brad's Place was ok.  My friend had the walleye special, which was good.  However, everything else was just ok.   I'd recommend the taco place two door to right over Brad's - unless all you want is a beer!
Nice.  Clean.  Young atmosphere.  I liked the comfy looking seats around the bar.  Great happy hour prices.  Enjoyed a small order of celery and carrots with hot wing sauce.  Mmmmm...
I like the srimp with sweet sauce the portion is some kind small the zucchini. Fries is too spice  not mild.i will be back again
Had to have my hot pastrami today with some fresh spinach inside. Also had the fresh fruit with the half a sandwich. Very filling and with a a beverage lunch was quite expensive for this day an age for $11.11 for my meal.  It was yummy as always.
Kind of expensive, and so so service. \nThe lettuce wraps tasted weird and weren't very good, the xo green beans were just okay for $13, and the shrimp tasted flavorless and fishy. \nNo wonder it was pretty empty.
I've tried this place three times now and every visit there is something that's just not good. The sides have too much mayo, the food is over done, or there are strange unidentified pieces of stuff in the food. It's just tasteless poor quality.
Most rude service ever! Expect eye rolling and annoyance for asking any questions. Do not support businesses that do not understand customer service. I definitely WON'T!
Great wings and beer selection!
It's Walmart.\n\nThis location is always super busy.  Always long lines at the registers and tying to use the self checkout is a recipe for disaster.
In a word, YUMMY!  You wil not leave the table hungry either. Great value, and quality food. Been coming here since they opened. Enjoy!
Slow, not very friendly, look at you with blank stares, no sense of urgency, kinda reminds me of zombies... And I had to ask for a copy of my receipt when I paid cash, which leaves me skeptical.
Pros: Awesome presentations, large portions and a unique concept.\n\nCons: Service is usually sluggish and the presentation outperforms the taste of the dishes.
B&B Burger & Beer is a really great burger restaurant. \nExcellent burgers, onion rings and a great beer selection.  Modest the bartender was very friendly, gave great service and recommendations.
Love visiting and supporting a local family owned restaurant. =) The staff is always very welcoming and friendly. =) My daughter LOVES their fruit cup, and it is so much better than the typical fruit cup.  Their eggs Benedict have to be my favorite, with the CA Benedict probably my most favorite. Yum!
Staff, freakin amazing, place trendy and great ambiance, happy hour is fantastic, rock shrimp, tuna tartare and more.
So many flavors.  It's hard to decide sometimes.
Mike is great! I had pretty much reached the conclusion that my PC was a lost cause! Nope! He was able to find a compatible motherboard and clean it up! Fast and reasonable! Will definitely use them again!!
pretty good taiwan food, much much much better than the one near mekong Plaza, strongly recommend the fresh fruit smoothie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  taste really fresh with no artificial taste.
Great place. We needed a temporary day care and Traci was very helpful. Our two daughters loved it here. The older one was upset we didn't take her there earlier, they didn't want to leave. We were also able to watch them throughout the day, which was comforting.
Soooooo slow! Took over 20 minutes for to go order. Three people working as one. Had over 7 orders stacked up. Took there sweet time. Worst fast food experience ever.
Great simple sandwiches with a great price tag. Good size too. The cash only is alarming but its inexpensive enough that you could probably pull out enough change from your ashtray!
Good food, reasonable prices and friendly staff! Would recommend it if you're nearby.
Sunday night waiting 13 minutes not because there wasn't a table, because the hostess never came to seat us :/\n\nDinner - second time here and loved it the first time.\n\nLittle disappointing tonight, maybe it's because it was Sunday? Food just wasn't like it was last time.
I absolutely love this hotel!  It definitely set my bar for what a hotel should be like, anything less makes me think it should be called a motel.  Lol!  Ok sounds bourgeois but seriously!  a living room, 3 flat screens throughout the suite, bathtub and shower, vanity area, separated toilet! soo gooood!
Great service, manager is always interacting with diners, food beats national chains by a big margin. Lucky to have one close.
I wasn't really impressed.  I like the frozen yogurt trend of the last few years, but the selection was very small here and i felt like there could have been some more options in terms of flavors and toppings.  It might have been because we went late.  The employees seemed friendly and it was a good location.
My daughter had her first lesson on Friday and keeps asking if it's friday again.  She really enjoyed her time with the instructor and made her feel very important.  As a mom I felt confident with our decision with Hubbard Swim School.
Not the worst Walmart I have ever been to, but by far not the best.  No one in the store knows where anything is or knows how mix paint either.  The lines are very very long so you better bring a book.  Unfortunately Walmart has a monopoly so we as Americans really have no choice but to use their store.
Walked in with my wife and we were the youngest ones their amidst senior citizens and decided to leave.  So I have no idea what the food or service is like.
Great job to the Adlava team! They redesigned and rebranded my website. The marketing team also did an AMAZING job coming up a creative plan which helped me double my revenue in less than two months. Best of all, customer service was excellent!  This has been a great experience and I strongly recommend them.
Typical Pizza Hut. You either love their pizza or hate it. Still my favorite chain.
Good pizza,good calzones, and Tony the owner is a cool person
It was during a very slow time during lunch and service was painfully slow. When my food arrived it was overcooked. Don't waste your time here.
If there was a negative star I would give it. Stay away from this place! They are only trying to make the most money possible from you. Save your money and go to a locally owned shop that won't try to rip you off!
Great place. I have been coming here forever. They give a really long massage for pedicures and always do a great job. Place is clean and always busy. Recommend making an appointment even though you don't have to. Good prices too.
The renovations have left this place as a model for fast Chinese food.  If you throw in a little Thai and sushi this place is one of the best on the Las Vegas Strip!  The Mongolian Beef, and fish confee are wonderful.  The Szechuan Beef Noodle \nSoup is outstanding!
One of the better night clubs I've been to in vegas! The dj rocks!  I loved the music. Drinks were fine, but pricey. It's a kind of classier club, which was still fun but there's a few snobby people.
Rude staff , our appointment was at 1:45 it is 3:21 and we are still here this is ridiculous never coming back
We get 4 pistachio cupcakes two for me two for my oldest son. Love them. Most of the ladies know us by now and the one goes in the back to get my small son a  piece of pumpkin candy cause that all he wants. They were sold out one day and the owner made me some fresh. Love the place.
Absolutely horrified. I just got back with lunch, I bite into the sandwich and this absolutely disgusting giant gooey, rubbery tendon like thing is there. I have never been more grossed out. See picture. So long for chicken.
The food looks promising. It never seems to deliver on taste though. The staff always seems to be confused too. It's a great location though, and the people viewing is unmatched on the Southside.
Super new Macys.  So bright inside!  I mean, SUPER bright.  Brighter than the sun I imagine.  Located at the new Downtown Summerlin.  Our saleslady was super nice and talked to us about Oregon and where we're from.  They had exactly what we were shopping for.  We will be back to this location!
Ok let's be honest, this place is not cheap but worth every cent! This was the best meal I ever ate!! The steak was so tender and the oysters were the only ones I would ever eat! The staff was great! And martiniis were perfect! I recomend the surf and turf!:)
Go for the hands on veiwing experience...but prices are literally inflated by 150-400%. One good thing would have been bluray selection, but this one was lacking there as well.
So my friend and I last night sat down and waited 15 minutes before no one asked us if we needed anything. There was 3 servers and only 2 tables so they did not have an excuse of being to busy. We got up and left.
First time here. Went in at lunchtime 12:50. Not \"Ready\". Was told it was a 10 minute wait.  I wouldn't have tried to get \"Hot and Ready\" pizza if I had 10 minutes to wait.
Below average bagels. Eggs had no taste. Fast service.
Awful. Don't move here!
I went here last night with a party bus of 30 people and Brandon was awesome accommodating our party. This bar is a great place to go to because of the huge layout and ease of ordering drinks. Plenty of beautiful women and friendly staff.
Be afraid!
This place is absolutely wonderful. Both locations feature good service and fast, clean food. I recommend the Breakfast Buzz, Cali Club, and Traditional Burrito for first-timers. They will also take one-off requests such as for a BLT or something along those lines. Again, very friendly people that really take care of you.
If I could give -5 I'd. The most horrible place I've ever been. Ordered food and waited for an hour and no sign of drinks or food. Eventually, left the place late at night hungry after waiting for an hour!!
This is definitely good eats!!!  Best Bun Bo Hue I had compared to other bland one like Hue Thai & some other Vietnamese restaurant in Vegas.  I tried mocha with grass jelly per owner' s recommendation and I loved it!!!
Have made it during feeding time, a few times ... very cool to watch them cruise around and fetch the meat balls the trainers throw.  \n\nUsually somewhat active after the feeding for a while as well.
I had an awesome freshly prepared wrap and delicious soup! If you want to eat healthy, easy, and delicious this is the place downtown. This seems to be the only place like it in the area and I'm so glad to have this option for a quick lunch or a dinner pickup on the way home.
Food is pretty good... Pizza, pasta, Caprese salad.. Biggest complaint is the service. It's always horrible and slow. Food takes forever for some reason, at all their locations. If you're in a rush, don't bother.
Loved this place, the service is nice and quick, food is delicious, I recommend the ginger drink and the soldat d'artillerie plate.
Not worth a re-visit.  If you're going to charge $13.50 for 5 pieces of sashimi, I'd like to be a hell of lot more tender and THICK..not the paper thin slices I was served.
My better half suggested I eat here when I visited Phoenix. I think he likes it so much because he has memories here.\n\nThe food was ok. The cheese crisp is really good. The best part of Rosita's was the prickly pear margaritas.
Ok, so Eat24Hours gave this a lot of stars, but the food is just terrible.  Though the service was excellent!  I got cheesy garlic bread and a pepperoni pizza.  Would NOT order again.
The maple bacon doughnut was tasty, but the cherry fritter blew. my. mind. My iced coffee was decent as well. I anticipate returning to rainbow doughnuts!
Been going here for over 20 years... The owner is always very friendly and classy   My clothes always come out smelling fresh and the price aint shabby either. Definitely worth checking out.
Second visit.  Had the crepes.  Very flavorful and tasty.  Mine had ham and mushrooms.  Will definitely be back.
Great place to relax, grab a bite to eat and a drink in downtown Phoenix.  The staff is extremely nice and helpful and there are many options to choose from here.
The food was okay but the portion sizes where the smallest I have ever seen....and I am a regular to fox restaurants.  \n\nBabbo is much better.
Big fan of the Church.  Their non traditional pierogies are almost always a great choice, paired with the pizza and their beer brewed on site, this is a must stop when in the Bloomfield area of Pittsburgh.
This was an excellent moving company! They were on time, courteous and considerate. The company only accepts cash, charges extra for stairs, and you pay for an additional hour of travel time and 15% for gas/travel. I would highly recommend them!
The most expensive iphone repair dealer.. I had a iphone 5 with a broken screen and they wanted to charge me $415 for them to replace..  Stay away
Rude staff... Way over prized. Spent $60 on two drinks and two servings....
Thai dressing is amazing! We have now been there 3 times and have enjoyed it every time.  Heat level excellent. Food flavorful. The Pad See Ew and the Thai Pots Special are amazing and we continue to order! \nService is friendly and restaurant very clean. \nHighly recommend this restaurant.
Love this place - my favorite is chopped salad with grilled salmon. \nA little bit pricey but I am OK with the quality of food, service and the atmosphere there.
the mall was like oh my god jaw dropping. people are so friendly here and its so clean and beautiful. its kinda pricey like everything in the store but whatever and  the view from my room was whatever . enjoyed my stay here though!
One of my most favorite places on the strip. I highly suggest the french onion soup and an early reserved seat on the patio!!
PF Changs food is always good and consistant.  The lower rating was for the over crowded resturant with an extremely long wait.
I'm not sure what made me think of this place today, but I miss eating there. Good food and the folks who own it are a real pleasure. It's not that Indian food in Philly is terrible - but it ain't great neither. Glad to see Taj is still doing.
okay i called and orderd but when i gave them my adress they said that we dont deliver there i was like really your down the street wtf !! sorry u lost my bussiness !!
I was greeted by a friendly cashier as I entered and my order was taken immediately.  The price was outrageous but I paid it cuz me and the kids were hungry. The order was ready quickly and we were served with a pleasant attitude. The Restaurant was clean And everything was well stocked.
This place never fails.. Tasting menu is great ..
An extra star cos our buffets were free by signing up for the player's card on memorial day. food kinda sucked tho.
I found this store's guns to be fairly pricey.  Good selection, but i ended up buying elsewhere.
Poor man's version of Moon. Get ready for crazy pyrotechnics and smoke/fog machines...
Scallop with grits appetizer was the best thing about this meal. Service was good. Short rib was tender but dry and sauce tasted like bottled BBQ sauce not what I was hoping for from Bobby Flay. Sorbet Trio for dessert were forgettable. Probably wont go back.
Margaritas were fantastic. Jalape\u00f1o cream soup to die for. Service was good and fast. Portions are enough to take home s doggie bag
Best gyro in Pittsburgh! it's one of my favorite places to go for lunch in Market Sq.\nThe taste is great and the portions are really big. Definitely recommend it.
Pleasantly surprised by the great food and excellent prices.  Smallish and intimate restaurant...has about 8 tables.  We came here and tried four dishes.  All of them were full of flavor, generous portions and perfectly cooked.  Service was attentive and friendly.
Best burger and fries i've ever had....burgers are fresh and juicy try it and you wont regret it!
Overindulgence at its best! Before going big, talk it over with your dinning partner. Portions are big enough to share. This includes the fishbowl drinks. Come hungry and sober and it guaranteed to leave this place feeling totally opposite of either of those feelings. You've been learnt.
Great mexican food and great salsa! They have an excellent breakfast burrito and lots of lunch specials. I love going here but the food is so intense i usually want a nap afterwards.
Stopped in Sunday Morning to check out.  Service was very slow and all food taste like it was cooked in the same bacon grease. Waited forever for our food and it was horrible. First and last time for this place !!!!!!!
I didn't like the food or the service.
I've been to many nail salons over the years and had the full spectrum of results from horrible, to great. Usually the good nail person would disappear eventually and you're back to base 1. With Professor Nails, not only is the salon lovely and comfortable,  the work is well above what you find elsewhere and, they stand behind it.
Dr. Simpson is the most amazing Weight loss doctor!  He really takes time to get to know you and works with you to meet your goals.  I've had my lap band for over 5 years and it still works beautifully! I recommend him time and time again!
This place is amazing. Everything about it, the food, the people and the margaritas! Can't recommend it enough, do yourself a favor.
Love everything I've had here but my fav is the baked potato with pulled pork....da bomb.
THE BEST crab puffs, hands down.
The sausage and cheese sandwiches were pretty good. It could be much better if the service was better.
Great food and atmosphere amazing service as well...had the makhni chicken highly recommend!
I have been to this place at least 5 times. I always get the fish taco. This time it was too salty and tasted old. I prefer my fish taco grilled. They had it battered. Two thumbs down. But the atmosphere was good. I watched my panthers play and had good laughs.
I had great service . The wings where tender and the rub was not over powering. Good beer selection with $3 special on Monday night. I will be returning for the patio grand opening to do some more sampling.
Gotta give a big THANKS! to this Walgreens.  I found myself there shoeless with an overheated dog and they had no problem letting me come in with the dog to buy some water for him.  It is rare for a big chain store to be so dog and barefoot friendly!
First time at Wayne's a couple of weeks ago on family vacation. It was not very busy on Mon night. Wayne is very nice and personable guy.
The bakery here is excellent! Delicious fresh baked breads,cake and pastries! Boba tea is alright. \nHowever This place is a little unorganized and it does has that fishy smell you would expect from asian markets.
Went with a large group. The food was cold and the bernaise sauce was icy. The other waiter never came back so we couldn't switch out. Ended up just eating it.
Great little place to grab some delicious Asian food. The spring rolls are excellent in this warm Arizona weather! Light, crispy and refreshing. When the weather warms up I love coming in for their Pho. The staff is always welcoming and friendly and I never fail to meet some nice people as the customers are always very friendly and welcoming!
Despite the long wait, this is one of my favorite places in Pittsburgh.  \n\nDishes that never fail me: the cheese board, the mussels, and the steaks (medium rare). The other specials can be kind of a hit or miss.\n\nGood selection of fancy beers.
Got take out from here quite awhile ago and then again recently.  Great food at an even better price.  Their spice intensity is excellent.   It is a strip mall find Don't be dissuaded by outward appearances. The inside I'd clean and neat.\nYou will not be disappointed.
Their Sushi is not exactly the freshest, and the staff looked at me strangely when I asked if they had real wasabi.  I am not sure why you would name your restaurant after something you don't serve :(.
I love this Gym, its where I got my passion for health. Its quiet and only old people work out there. The membership is cheap and the trainers are very knowledged
The Udon at Sushi Eye has to be the very best in the Valley. The food is always superb and fresh. It is slightly on the expensive side but ALWAYS worth it. We love the Atkins roll and the Vegan roll. If we could afford it, we would eat there EVERY night!!!
Great experience. Large selection of weapons. Staff is very organized and professional. No wait time even though we arrived mod day on Friday. Highly recommend if this is something you want to try.
We have had breakfast there two mornings in a row.  Service has been great and food delicious!!!  Best hotel breakfast I have ever had!
Not sure what happened but the beans were watery and had ZERO flavor, the tacos were not crispy at all and the carne asada was bland... First time in YEARS we had bad food here. I hope they recover.
Great food! My order was messed up though and I was over charged. I was very specific about my order too, so it was weird. Make sure you are very specific as to what you want. While I was waiting I saw two other people cone back with messed up orders. They need to get their act together.
Worst place to stay to wait 6 minutes to check out over phone is acceptable!!\n\nCan anyone say half the people that work here have no clue what they are dojng here how come the operator has no clue what the cost of buffet is?
The food sucked!  The Calimari was disgusting and my canniloni tasted like it came out of a frozen box.  My water was good. Servers, you're supposed to serve, so prepare the table for the food to be brought out so we don't have an uncomfortable guessing game while you hold a hot plate over my head.
Great atmosphere, friendly staff, and good food.  Dined with a large group so we had a set menu. I requested no butter with my crab stuffed chicken breast but they served it on the side just in case I felt the chicken was too dry.  It was de-lish!
Breakfast was great. Crispy bacon, eggs done right and coffee refilled without having to ask. Waitress was pleasant and friendly.
Bah! Je n'ai pas appr\u00e9ci\u00e9 mon repas. Je n'y retourne pas
Great happy hour and fries are the best!!
This is a busy parents REAL life dream! Super cute place with wonderful staff- Tina, Angela, Jasmin and Deanna are caring and thoughtful providers. Clean, lots of fun for the kiddos, plenty of activities. Great location if you live in the DC ranch, Grayhawk and MCDowell Mountain neighborhood.
not  very pleased 2nd time around won't return.
Crappy vegetarian selection. The few things I had were meh. Definitely needs better labeling for the buffet for noobies like myself.
Have been coming here for more than 10 years and the place had not change so much. We always come here when we are in town after church before heading back to California or late nights after drinking. Dimsum cart is our favorite specially the shrimp hargow, shrimp fried rice,  fish or from legs congee and steamed Chicken.
Should've just stopped at McDonald's. SLOW service and unfriendly waitress. Any request was answered with a sour look. Took so long for the food to come and it was not anything special. The table next to us was sitting with dirty plates and old food the entire time we were here. Will not go back.
Excellent burgers & french fries! Can't wait to try the 3 pound challenge....
Great place for brunch. Love the bottomless mimosas.
Had a less than enjoyable stay at Caesars Palace. Smokey room, dated everything, and poor customer service. Gambling odds were not great, but that is to be expected at any casino. Just so happens, won elsewhere, lost here. The shops are nothing to write home about. Rather stay at a Wynn property.
This one was the second five guys I've ever been to. The quality and taste were good, but I prefer the location on Lake Mead & Tenaya for cleanliness and friendliness.
Very good za.  I love the pesto pizza but you can't go wrong with any of the pizzas here.
this place is the best of the best of modern, macabre, alternative, dark, creepy, sexy, and beautifully put together in a wonderful little cove on 5th street, right off of Roosevelt. Perfect location. Friendly and passionate artists. Priceless art of all kinds. BUY BUY BUY!
I was here about 5 years ago, it's the same exact place. Compared to some of the modern ones around the country this one is not up to speed.
They always do a great job, even if you get a basic wash.  WAYYYYY better than cobblestone!  Great price, always fast.
Way overpriced Starbucks in a stinky mall. \n\nGross. \n\nAnd this is from someone with a Starbucks addiction. Certified.
Unfortunately not good!! Today's visit was the last visit. Just not impressed with how greasy the beef is. Other dishes are ok nothing impressive enough for the price charged. Well... I do like the custard so it might not be the last time.
This is a new store.  HUGE, clean, SHINY new, and love the comfortable feel to the place!  Tons of tables, chairs, desk, couch, comfy chairs, etc.  The employees are friendly!
Went during lunch time and serve was extremely slow.
If you like going to the DMV, you would love this store! I had a simply exchange and wait 45 minutes for someone to help me. And the only reason I got helped that quickly was because I complained.
Bland food.  I only had breakfast.
Dined with a networking group. The food at Old Chicago is ok .I have a soda and fettuccini alreado and it was pretty good, nothing mind-blowing. Pricing decent. The main thing this restaurant had was a private meeting room
Came here for lunch one day after school. Got the jalapeno and sausage kolache. Owner was kind enough to warm it up for me so definitely take that option. However, for its size I didn't really feel like it was worth my money. Tasty but nothing special. Maybe the donuts are better..
So disappointed NoRTH closed.
Perfect.  The best $200 I have ever spent on an aromatherapy massage. Done by a world class therapist named, Jodi!  The decor is like being in a plush, extravagant dream.  I love you, Encore spa.
Sounded promising. Good luck getting someone to get back to you. Why have email as a form of contact if you are not going to reply to email requests? It's been over a week and still haven't heard anything. Might as well just work directly with night/day club VIP hosts.
Poor customer service was an understatement for this store.  The store was a ghost town but yet no representative even acknowledged my existence.  I will not return and will certainly alter my purchasing for my company's needs.
Totally sucks! Don't go here.
They have nifty mirrors great scented candles unique lighting fixtures their sweetish meatballs were just ok but the worst part about ikea is their products are simply cheap and not durable.
All I can say about this place is that its OK..there didn't seem to be anything about this place to make me want to come back. The food was alright but not big enough..pretty much the only thing I like about it is that its open 24/7
Over priced but the croissants are great. The combo meal was almost $9 partially because they make you purchase the large drink. I guess overall it's cheaper and better than buying snacks, sandwich, etc on the plane.
The food is really good. Ended up eating at this place back to back for our morning starts. The only set back is it can get a bit pricey cause their combos don't include everything you want so the cost adds up as you add sides. Still worth it though.
Dont waste your time or money. Garbage food ... this place is a good dive bar at best. I cant believe they are still open.
We love this place & I have been to San Diego, St. Louis, Chicago, etc. Our favorite by far!
Just ordered from sushi time! It was really fast, got here in no time. The sushi is not the best sushi I ever had, but for the price it's a-ok.
I wish I can give a 0 star rating!  They have the worst service ever!  They got my order wrong, barely any of them speak English, and the manager was rude!  Workers like these give burger king a bad rep! Tsk tsk tsk!
Definitely the most awesome In and Out Burger in West Vegas. On W. Tropicana which is out of the way to most: a definite benefit for the sake of long lines. Love the fact that the staff has the secret menu down. Great service, super late hours, love it!
Love this place!  The food and service is amazing!  The portions are gigantic and happy hour is half off everything but drinks!  happy hour is 3-6!
Food is top, servers are amazing. Even the music was ambient and perfect for the location. Until one day the owner was there.  He kept staring at us which was rude and when we asked to take out the rest if the food he gave us an aluminum foil and attitude. Lost 2 regulars there.
This place was excellent!! love the pools... you could swim anytime not limits. The wings are 25 cents 12 a.m.-6.p.m and $1.50 bud lights!! room view was of the pool... excellent!!!
First went to the location in Prague, and was so excited when they opened in Madison. Amazing ambiance and tea done right.
Our favorite sushi place ! I'm a vegetarian and found plenty of yummy options, my favorite roll is NATO hand roll with added veggies. The cucumber salad and seaweed salad is amazing and I love the lyc\u00e9e ice cream !!
Excellent falafel! The hummus is homemade and tasty. Best place to get a good falafel pita sandwich.  Love the outdoor seating as well.
I recently came here for a massage. I was lucky enough to get paired up with Rick. Rick did an amazing job and I would definitely come see him again. Rick is someone who genuinely cares about the work he does. He goes above and beyond and I would recommend  him to anyone. Thanks Rick!
Best filet mignon I have ever had. Like butter baby. \nTeriyaki flavored steak and mashed potatoes at a sushi restaurant in Vegas?  Sweet baby Jesus that was so damn good.
Sangria was great as well as the artichoke bruschetta
Jan 2013 - ribs/ rings/ chichen/ brisket platter\nAll items were great. Best smokehouse ribs found so far.
This was the worst buffet I've eaten at.  The food was gross and old.  There was nothing special about it.  Skip this place!
After my bad experience at Mac's Broiler and Tap, we went to this Red Lobster and couldn't believe how fast we got seated, how nice the staff were, how quickly we got our drinks and food. I highly recommend this Red Lobster.
Great place to people watch, this is a classic yet tragic old vegas joint!  Lots of drinking, smoking, and food that is fine.  Not much else I only gave it 3 stars and not 2 because the low cost and Vegas on a budget can be helpful
I called 4 days ago about carpet installation on my stairway and he hasn't even returned my call. I realize it is not an entire house of carpet but in this economy no job is ever to small. Guess I won't be relying on his services. Very disappointing after reading all the reviews.
Food is great and all but waaaaay expensive!!!! The all you can drink wine is great but not tasty. Definitely the right \"date-place\"!
Want good Mexican food? Go here.
Bad experience at Lotus of Siam. Food not taste that good. Food come out at room temperature more on the side of getting cold. Service was ok. This is my second time. First time was 4 years ago and it was ok. Anyway so disappointed!!!
It's a great option for late night food if you don't want to hit a crappy drive-thru.
nice hotel and Casino. unfortunately our room was 2 football fields and 2 elevator rides from any entrance or exit. it was excessive.
Good place to come with friends for food and drinks. They have a large selection of craft beers and their bovine inspired cuisine is very tasty.
This place is ridiculous. It's like a New Mexico Disney land and the food is comparable to hospital cafeteria style mexican food. It's dreadful and just pathetic. Really just a waste of time.
So waiting 25 mins outside of a food truck for a burger is not the best part of the experience. But the burger was good. Sweet potato fries I'd pass on, not my favorite. But our burgers were dang good. Just be prepared to wait.
On a positive note, we LOVED the wings. They are huge and delicious! Otherwise, the pizza was
Horrible Customer service! Third visit in a row and each time their service got worse. Worst restaurant I've been to in vegas hands down.
Great service friendly! Good food!
This may be one of the best airport restaurants in the US. Pricey, yes for an airport but I think worth it. The chopped salad was one of the best salads I gave ever had. Very, very unique. I will always come back here when I am at PHX
$27 for a Yard Long. That's Vegas for you.\n\nAt least the drink wasn't watered down, nor did I experience any bad service.
one of our favorite old style ice cream parlors
I ordered the Italian Sub ($11.25) and it was delicious.  I also got the Coconut Mango Mouse ($6) which was so yummy.  I enjoyed every bite.  I prefer this over the buffet at the Wynn.  The service was great even with long lines.
Good customer service, and they did a good job tailoring my suite. Parking is easy, you can be in an out quick, and the store does not smell horrid...But who the hell is going to read a review on Mens Wearhouse?? You know what you are getting with this place
My wife and I come here often for our grocery shopping.  They are good with the standard stuff.  If you want anything \"ethnic\" you should go elsewhere.
This was fun.  Originally we wanted to do the T-bone Steak ride but the cowboy on hand took one look at these city slickers and gracefully convinced us to do the shorter trail rides instead.  I am so glad he did.\n\nPrices were great, staff was great.  Overall a fun time.
Customer service just went down in the last few weeks. Not sure what happened? New ownership or management? They don't seem to really know what they're talking about. Couldn't pay me to go back.
If you like REAL Mexican, this is not the place for you.  The food is low quality and not that good.  We went with a group of people and the only people that liked the food were people that were not used to eating Mexican.  Also, the service was not up to par.
Don't forget the owner of the Venetian gave Newt Gingrich millions. The Wynn is right next store and way nicer. Also if you're a non-smoker you'll hate it. The place stinks.
Breakfast is terrific. The croissants (plain and chocolate) are not to be missed. And the service is wonderful.  Every detail is managed beautifully.
I really enjoy going here regularly. They never fail at doing my gel manis! They're very clean when using materials, and they use liners when giving you a pedi. Staff are always nice! I always recommend people to go here (:
Stopped by for an impromptu lunch the other day and was very pleased. I got the Pad see Ew and cucumber salad. I got home and dilly dallied, still hot when I opened the box finally!! Everything was fresh, delicious and I cannot wait to go back again.
The Black Friday Specials were non-existent.  Nada, nunca, cero.  But a nice selection of premium jeans if you want to pay full price when everyone else's are marked down.  Just sayin'
Free wifi, but cramped interior and completely rubbish music makes this Coffee Bean uninviting.
Went there on superbowl weekend..loved it definitely a regular place to visit when I go to vegas again. And the free limo ride was a huge brownie point winner.
Its good custard. The employees could use their outdoor voice to call your name. Seating could be better as well. Had the Brownie concrete. Tasty but I'm sure better places are out there like Culvers which Vegas has yet to get.
Walked around their large selection for an hour.  It was fun for the kitsch value of the experience, but we didn't find a single thing that we actually liked enough to buy.  The prices were also about 25% higher than they should have been.
I was really disappointed. Although the bbq was decent the portions were small and the sides were terrible. It felt like a tourist trap and unless someone else is driving me there and paying I'll never return.
After eating several other gyro place Kings still has the best sauce.
it was just ok nothing spectacular. had the chicago dog, the bun fell apart on me. the price for that and the fries were not bad at all. they do sell the chicago relish and sport peppers there so when i run out of mine i know where to go get them.
Came here straight from the airport (visiting from New York). Such a cute spot! The wings was great. The Rossetti chicken next door at the grocery was great. Staff are all very nice and helpful.
Very nice people there. The menu is great, it is reasonably priced. We usually go there for won ton or egg drop soup  or for a meal there, once or twice a month. I highly recommend it.
price is very reasonable. excellent food. service is very good. the best caf\u00e9 i've been to yet. would definitely recommend it.
A bunch of young guys that are fast & very helpful. Needed an oil change & a smog check to renew my registration. Then they directed me to a nearby kiosk so I didn't have to go to the DMV. Overall, they were fast, friendly & helpful.
While I am not the biggest Mexican food fan on the block I have always enjoyed eating here. They have this whole Greek/Mexican marriage thing going on-lol. What I really like are the chips and salsa. Interestingly enough their Veggie Burro is kicking!
Worst food I have experienced on my trip to Vegas. Our server never came to our table, the bus boy was nice about getting refills, for the price not worth it.
Decent breakfast, decent prices, decent interior, excellent service.  Not going to be one of my favorites though, I like to have a few healthy choices and you won't get them here.  If you want  old fashioned, down home, country cookin then this is definately the place for you!
Too inconsistant. It is either really good or just blah
My husband and I LOVE Natural Blendz. They are so consistent with making their wraps you always know what to expect. And everything is so fresh! We've had the smoothies and soups too. If you want to eat whole foods this is the place for you.
This is an upscale outdoor shopping experience with restaurants, bars and movie theaters. Its directly across the street from Kierland commons. Between the Scottsdale Quarter, Kierland and the Promanade (all walkable) you can easily blow through your powerball winnings.
Wow, what happened to this place? Used to be a class act, but now its sort of dirty.  Machines malfunction, bars are sloppy kept.  Staff is decent but not overly professional.  There are better places to stay and play.
They are GOOD! This is such a funny show fills with lots of magic.  My boyfriend and I love it! It is a must see show :-)
Stop by the Hideaway today and had a good time. Plenty of bikes, food and live music. It's worth the afternoon to spend some time there.
Horrible service. Stood in line forever while employees hid in the back. Directv here I come!!!
I give it one star for the fact this is old vegas, but it reminded me of Venice Beach CA, all the street vendors and street freaks come out. I don't think I need to go back.\n\nTC
I will never come to this Walmart again. Rude employees, disorganized and dirty. I guess it's ok if you live close by (which I don't). This Wally World closes at twelve. Probably the first one I been to that isn't open 24 hours. Strange huh?
Best Mexican food I've ever had. Every dish there is awesome.
Great experience. Matt and Kevin were super sweetand made everything stress free and easy. Very easy going guys. Kevin made the piercing session go quickly and walked me through what he was doing.
Great little place. All the sushi was good, but the flying fish roe was put together loose and the eggs spilled in my soy sauce :[ but they were still good. Very friendly sushi chefs.
I love this place because of a few reasons. They have pretty good sushi for the boxed ones and they can make me rolls without avocado with no complaints because I'm allergic. The service is quick and friendly. It's a fast way to grab something to eat when you're on the go.
The guacamole was excellent. The Pollo Poblano was very good. The second chicken breast was slightly over cooked.
So I just cancelled my membership after 6 years or so, no hassle there which was good. Got a refund for the remaining time. \nIt is a nice place, but I started taking yoga, privately, so no need for the gym for now.
okay for a stop with the guys for a beer. I would not take my girlfriend there as the bartenders would not impress a date.  smoking patio is good.  tvs good. Not my favorite for food.
Been twice now, owner and counter service very friendly.  The food is ok when you have a need for Chinese American food fix.  Deep fried items are REALLY deep fried... small-ish crunchy bits of chicken kind of thing.
SPICY!  Most of the food here brings the heat, and I'm very sensitive...but I still love the occasional kick.  The flautas are not spicy at all, and the margaritas are fab.
Tried this place with the little one after a visit to the mall.\n\nWe were both very disappointed. The food was absolutely terrible. Neither of us could eat more than a few bites and then we left. \n\nI can in no way recommend this location and suggest going somewhere else.
It did not live up to my expectations. I was expecting something much more. Maybe it was overhyped or maybe it wasn't good. But overall it's whatever. The weiner was average and the toppings are okay. 2 stars. (i'm being generous)
Had my boat detailed. Paint was fading and inside was dirty!  Elite had two guys for four hours work on it. The boat looks bran new! Going to definitely use Elite again!!  Highly recommend.
Nice and clean. I was there right when they opened though. Friendly staff. Would visit again.
Yes, it's as good as it gets!! Not only you drive the car of your dreams, it's a first class organization with superb cars and excellent service... if you want to feel special, visit the Dream Racing team in Las Vegas!!
Ordered a cake for a 16th birthday party. The cake the woman sketched out was amazing the presentation was great!! But the cake tastes like SHIIT!!! it tasted like someone threw up. but great presentation!
This place is OK but not great. I wonder if they don't develop convenient amnesia when packing up the orders. My order was missing the wonton soup that I paid for.  But, I'm not going to quibble with the mean Chinese lady over $2.
Nothing to Write about.  \nI Love sweety & i Love cupcakes but These. I tried 3 were just Not Good. \nTo pricey & Not Good is a Bad combination.
It was nothing special, Nothing special, and Nothing special..the service was not that good either #ImOuttaHere
I received sub par service. My friend got cut off  and rudely spoken to while we were trying to order. All we wanted was a pizza and we have been put on hold for way too long. Don't know what to do.....
Huge portions and great food, but the only downside is they charge a fee to share.  Or at least last time I went they did.  Kind of a bummer.  How can you put 4000 calories on a plate and expect people not to share?
Good food average service tonight with a stuck up bartender. Another bartender who left early was awesome.
Amazing food! The live entertainment was incredible. . Not a cheap place but worth it for date night!
Not bad, not bad...could be better. For some reason they are a lot more expensive then I remember. I love mexican food! Even taco bell but if I have a choice I will still drive down to Los Betos on Hayden and Thomas.
This place is super awesome and extremely beautiful inside boasting the largest western art collection in Nevada.. If you get the chance to come in as a guest you will certainly want to become a member and take full advantage of all privileges that membership includes.
Tried to go, they were closed an hour early with employees outside drinking. Not impressed.
Clean, clean, clean! Everything about this place was spotless. The food itself was perfectly adapted to suburban American tastes. Somehow even the Sweet & Sour chicken seemed.. extra clean. ::)
Slow and unfriendly service.  Food is so so. Took 20 minutes just to get drinks.
there were 4 in our party.  On entering, no eye contact from the seater, no hello, just \"how many?\"  She breezed us to our table,  didn't stop her stroll, threw 4 menus on the table with 3 seats and said \"Have a nice meal.\"  We didn't stay.
Delicious . 2nd time here and never disappointed. Made it to happy hour for tacos and drinks
Cheap, lousy truck stop food.  Everything on the menu is either frozen, or comes from a can.  I honestly can't recommend this place, unless you are very hungry and low on cash.
The food had great flavor. I had the corn beef hash which was tasty. However was way over priced for the portion. Their food cost may have been 20% on my meal. Terrible service as well. One cup of coffee and an uninterested waiter.
This will be quick . Was there the night of May 13. Staff were less than helpful, in fact they weren't helpful at all.
Haleigh is the best!!!  Just moved to Arizona found the best hair salon!!!  Everyone is so friendly.  Love my hair! Awesome mani and pedi. So much fun!!
I have not eaten here for about a month due to a nasty case of food poisoning I am sure was from this restaurant. For sushi, we will stick with Mikado which is right across the street.
Killer burger and great salads. Drinks mixed liberally with ample alcohol.
I haven't been to old navy in awhile so I was okay with this store. First time it was pretty messy from all the Christmas shoppers but the second time was a little cleaner. They did have good sales for all ages.
Good food and service like any other Panera I've been to.  \n\nBut, this place is in serious need of a deep cleaning. Heavy dust hanging on light fixtures, greasy finger prints all over the furniture and fixtures, threadbare carpet, etc.
They actually showed back up and even installed the missing shutter! Still would not be my first choice given the shadiness and the fact it took stopping payment on the check, but pleased they completed the job. With all the work I am doing on my house, I appreciate one less fight to get things done.
Overpriced food.  For those of you coming from southern California, that are used to excellent food from this name, you will be disappointed.
Fresh Salmon with grilled veggies were awesome.  Enjoyed the Chile Relleno.  Live music was a treat we didn't expect.  Would definitely return.
Meh is right. Ive come here a few times now and have been overly disappointed every time. The bartender has no clue what shes doing and the food is horrifying. The only good thing I can say is, the ranch and fries are pretty decent. Ill be taking my business elsewhere from now on.
Great new ice cream spot. They use fresh ingredients and the flavors pop with each taste. The prices are decent for one scoop.
If you drink , u need a wristband. Get it at the front counter. Or no booze 4 u!\nLaid back. Ok sushi nothing special.\nBasic Sushi in Tempe. Great for ASU students
Great concept and nice alternative to the standard Las Vegas buffet. \n\nYou basically get to pick mini-dishes of individual portions of whatever you are eating. You get 1 large plate and then you just place smaller plates that have say salad or steak in them. You dont have to scoop anything and
For Asian that's a place for American, cause the menu is design for them.... But the food still taste good n the place is clean. If u r looking for American style Asian food try here!
I got food poisoning from their food after talking to the hostess about the poor service we received. They were very rude and,  I'm guessing,  did something to my food.  Horrible experience!
I'll leave one star just bc the waitress was nice. But seriously it has to be hard to make food taste that bland and unflavorful. It was horrible
I ate here for the hundredth time and this time had the glass noodles. It has vegetables and I added fried Tofu. De-lish!
Grapes has new owners. Go meet Bill and Jo. Nice couple and I love the little \"extras\" they have added to the decor. They have new, very comfortable, patio seating, a great Happy Hour and new snacks. Still great music and atmosphere as always!
It had been a few years since I had been here, but my previous experiences were always enjoyable.  \n\nThe food was very tasty (had nachos), service so-so, but I got a dramatic and painful case of food poisoning.\n\nDefinitely won't go back.
The bouncer let a woman in knowing she had a fake ID, but wouldn't let myself in because my ID was stamped for an address change.  It still showed that I was clearly 26 years old!!  Not coming back and will definitely not advise people to try it!
Food - C\nService - F\n\nSlow service, never brought my appetizer but tried to charge me for it. One refill in an hour. Worst service I've had in the area.
We stopped in to get a couple things serviced while we were shopping in Vegas.  The woman at the customer service counter was very rushed and wasn't paying attention to what we were saying.  She kept jumping to assumptions and leave to the back room based on the wrong assumptions.  Had she paid attention to what we were asking the experience would have been far better.
I'm a fan. The classes are hard to the whole atmosphere is fantastic for those with an academic bent. No better way to be surrounded by so many different people. Fantastic.
Great little place, the guacamole made at your table is good as are the tacos-we bad both the fish and the pork.  It was crowded and I think over priced, but still good food!
I had pear ravioli which sounded great - it was 'meh'.  Nice location in the Venetian, but I wouldn't eat there again.  Too much great food in Vegas.  \n\nGreat service though.  Authentico!
I am a huge fan of most frozen treats. Dairy Queen is no exception. If I just don't care about calories, I am going through the drive through for a mint oreo blizzard. The kid in me cannot resist and they jam pack it with cookie goodness.
Excellent service. The staff is super friendly and accommodating. They worked had to make us feel relaxed. My husband enjoyed our massage so much we came back the next day for another 90 min... he's spoiled.
Have only had good experiences at this small restaurant.  I have only had there sandwiches and breakfast which was all good.   Looks like a fun place to take a date for a glass of wine.
I had high expectations here, but I was sorely disappointed. I didn't really enjoy anything I ate here. \n\nSo yeah, I give it one star for the variety of food they offer. Another one for it being edible. \n\nThat's all I have to say about that.
Slow at the register. No self checkout lanes. Rotisserie chickens are NOT fully cooked. A lot of their products are past the expiration date and their deli is a ghost town.\nThe only good thing about this store is they have a Starbucks!
Yummy food & great service. Matt is really friendly & serviceable. The place is decorated really hip too. Check out the artwork in the restroom; you'll come out laughing.
Heaven in a cup is the breakfast buzz. I seriously think about that damn thing multiple times a day. It is my new addiction. Ummm I could go for one right now...
The restaurant is located in a strip mall, but not strip mall quality food at all. The Phoenix and Dynamite rolls were both good. The menu tells you what is both inside and outside the roll so easy to choose menu items if you have dietary restrictions.
This was the first \"Vegas\" show my husband and I have gone to...loved it! It was amazing!
I wouldn't recommend coming here bad service you have to wait a hour for your sushi that you order to come. I recommend Sushi Kaya down the road and its cheaper. New place isn't usually a good place.
Got three entr\u0117es for take-out, $30.  The flavor was OK.  Pretty disappointed that the food was about 65% rice, 20% beans and 15% meat.
Food is very good a little on the pricey side for me. But I'm cheap when it comes to eating out. For the quality of the food and flavor, good price. Floors where cleaner than some other places I've been in. So I wasn't grossed out. :)
I was so disappointed. I don't eat red meat much anymore so I was looking forward to this double double burger but the meat was do small and thin, I thought I was eating a grilled cheese sandwich. Two thumbs down for In-N-Out. Sorry!
Food was ok.  My shrimp po boy wasn't very fresh.  And the food was bland. Place was empty for lunch at first I thought the place was closed. Service for lunch was a snails pace.  I won't go back.
This is my faouorite gamestop location. they always help me find what i need! its sometimes packed but customer service is key over there
Spicy and good. Love the Thai green curry.
The staff here is competent but their practice of writing prescriptions as dispense as written for brand name drugs that a generic would work just fine is unacceptable and they won't just write on my chart that I prefer generics like most offices. I don't care if the coupon makes it the same price because the activations are such a pain.
This place is amazing! I love going here. \n\nmy friends and I love coming here for $20 all you can eat sushi... \nI have never been disappointed. the staff is wonderful and the good is great!
so apparently this isn't the one it was anymore.  sad.  The place I went to has now since closed, and is now run by other people and the food is so different now. BOO!\n\nAlso - don't fake like you were the ones on Triple D.  That's just sad.
This was a travesty in every way. HORRIBLE service AND food. The chicken teriyaki was totally bland and watery. Chicken was chewy and lacked any quality. The beef special lacked ANY flavor. Brown rice is an extra charge and is terrible. Worst experience ever!
May 30.14 at Coyote's at 9:18 pm I was turned away . The hostesses said closed.  So disappointed its Friday night in Vegas. WOW,, So Outback got my business.  I was not the only one turned away.
Less than stellar food. Absolute crap service at a time when there was only one other party there. My girlfriend left hungry, because she couldn't stomach the poorly cooked tofu.
Lovely husband & wife business. The husband is humble & enlightening. The complimentary appetizer was cooked to perfection by the wife. The sushi was good, the Korean food was good & the service was 5 star quality! I definitely recommend this restaurant if you're around the henderson area!
Great hotel, great staff and we had an awesome dealer at the Roulette table (his name is Dennis). Beds are so comfortable and the remote drapes are so dark that we lost track of time sleeping. We had such a great stay that we extended our vacation another day. I would definately stay here again.
This place SUCKS!  Every time I go in here it depresses the shit out of me.  People say it's haunted and I would agree - haunted by degenerates and meth heads.  I always say I'll never go back but that never happens...
Hugo's is an exceptional place to go & eat, & relax. It is old Las Vegas. A place where adults can get away. The food is great, as is the service. Everything about Hugo's is wonderful.
We came here before with friends and it was amazing... but this place blows if you're not Korean. They stereotype their customers. A white chick and a black guy obviously can't get service here. I guess if you aren't Korean or Asian, bring a friend who is. Good luck!
this place dont even deserve a star! all of the food was old mushy and cold!  the mongolian bar b que was disgusting! the place wasnt good at all!  they get -100 stars!!!
I was just there. I had French toast, 3 eggs w/bacon. If you know the difference in good food, this is an excellent breakfast. The staff is as good as the food.
Overpriced and make sure you tell them your order 19 times!
Great coffee...great location...great atmosphere.   I'm not a big Starbucks fan so I look for local coffee shops...this is one of my favorites!   I highly recommend it.
Service is excellent! Food is excellent! Very friendly and accommodate any size of party. Ordered the Joe's Philly burger and holy cow! Its awesome! 4 dollar cheese pizza on Saturday's and Sunday's have 20 dollar specials! They deliver but it's great just coming in. #SinCityMopar
Salad-overdressed. Steak-overcooked and over salted. Lobster-overcooked and over salted. Too much money for a crap meal with a cool view. Seriously, anywhere else would be better. DooDoo Steak.
Place is ok. its cheap, food is average; i had better pupusas, service is below average and dont ask for curtido or salsa because you will not get any more even is less what you get for the food. Overall, below average.
A really nice outlet in Vegas!  Better than the one by the state line!   Come and check it out.
EXCELLENT food. The flavors are great.
I love going here on Wednesday nights at 8 to listen to the live music they have (they have a singer named Holly) because it's wonderful!!  They serve half-price flatbread pizzas all night, I recommend the braised rib one.  Delicious!
That was not a great buffet that i expected. They have simple food. So do not spend your money there.
Love this place. Jeff knows his craft and I dig the \"you have to be in the know\" to even find this place.\nLuckily its damn close to work. Maybe a little too close. \nNevertheless he makes excellent beer and I'm a fan.
tip: the clear soda from africa is the bitter one!!!!\n\ngreat for taking vegas first timers here, the pics with the polar bear is free now, it costs money before
I cannot agree with Lauren V. more!!   Just thinking about my experience at this place makes my blood boil.
Love the way it's run relaxed perfect for study ,reading or just enjoying the window in state st,I love to find unconventional treats and teas,art is another thing I like to check too
Worst service ever. Bar tender refused to put the World Cup and NBA Finals on one of multiple televisions. So much for hoping to watch sports in a sports bar before my flight.
Had the ribblet dinner... it was ok.  I should have had the ribs.  The 2 for $20 deal is a great deal.  My mom got the bacon cheese burger.  The bread was hard.  I know normally their burgers are pretty good
The store is filled with any snack or beverage you may desire while filling up. Plenty of pumps to use. There is a car wash that is in working order intermittently. The staff is friendly.
How hard is it to get a 2 donut order right??  \n\nOne chocolate glazed and one strawberry glazed donut.  That's IT.\n\n\nApparently pretty hard.
I don't know much about women's fashion or cloths I suppose, however I can say that my wife absolutely loves this place, she always comments how everything is a fantastic price.  The other doctors wives rave about this place also.
The Pool Supply store is good. The prices are OK. If they don't have want you need they can order it in a few days. They test your pool water for free. The toys for the pool is kind of pricey here. The sales are decent, No super sale but they mail coupons out sometimes.
Smoothies were decent but floors and counters were filthy would definitely fail a county health inspection. Visited 1/25/14
It's Jack in the Crack but worse because it's next to Sexxpresso and you're not there.  Good SCFries
Great service! terrible food, a shame.  The Ceasar salad had the wrong type of lettuce, wrong dressing. Came with tomatos!  Lasagna bland and mushy!  And why. The Tv??!
Our family has been going to Dr. Lee for over 10 years.  She is always very professional, through, and caring.  The staff is helpful and friendly.  There is a great selection of frames and the techs never make you feel rushed.  It is always a good experience.
We stayed here back in 2006 and we came back in 2013. The service was still excellent. Two thumbs up for the friendly, accommodating, and attentive employees. The property was huge, but it was a bit old. We always enjoyed our stay here, couldn't ask for anything other than cooler weather.
I love their shaved ice! Especially the yogurt shaved ice!
This doctor was extremely rude and did not listen to my problems. He spent more time explaining that he doesn't prescribe narcotics than he did explaining what might be wrong with me. (Note: I never even mentioned medicine to him other than what I already take)
I came here to get the new Preztel Bun Cheeseburger. It was decent, although I probably won't be back for another.
The food was okay but I was noticing a lot of dirty plates.  I had to search through the pile to find a clean one.  The service was very nice and attentive.
Went for breakfast.  Had the pancake stack, left disappointed.
Food is good service sucks. Super slow! Not good for people who work here and have times breaks. I wish they would pick up speed. 15 mins for French fries is out of control. Get it together!!!! So I can enjoy your food.
I am sorry I am used to another type of Thai. I dunno but I hated the pad Thai, I could not eat it in fact. The service was great and the place was pretty nice and clean.
Read the other reviews, and I agree with all of them. I've had good and bad meals there, BUT it is the only place for an Apple pancake. Don't order anything else. Skip the extras and REMEMBER to bring cash.
Food was enjoyable and there was plenty. I just hate when restaurants cheapen the quality of the meat. The steak used to be actual steak but is now a cheap philly steak type of thing and charging for the sauce that used to be put on the food is a bit much as well.
Back again only two days later for seis tacos de tripas y horchata. I'm going to miss this place when I leave Phoenix. I hope it's still here the next time I'm back in town.
Lovely place. Great food. Marvelous environment.  The pizza is very very good. Great wine selection.
I came here many years ago and used to love it. My family and I came here recently and the meat was TOO salty. We thought it was a one time thing and decided to go again, and again the meat was too salty and two of us got sick. \nWhatever you guys did, change it back!!!
Amazing customer service. Makes you feel like you're the most important customer she's ever had. Great selection. You feel right at home shopping here :)
Microwaved food over over over seasoned gyro meet horrible food and very expensive. There are much better Greek restaurants ..
Me and my fiancee finally got a chance to come here. We ordered one of the dinner for 2 (can't remember the name of it) but its a sampler. All of them were awesome. I cannot wait to go back.
So my wife and I had ceviche tostadas as an appetizer, really raw shrimp no spice no flavor no nothing. We asked for veneno shrimp and those were so so but the sides were horrible. Rice tasted like vinegar and their salad is bad!!! Not coming back.
Fast friendly service at this off site rental car mega garage! Nine minute bus ride from the airport to the garage.
Great tacos and the house salad was awesome
Love the food here actually the Az smash reg fries & drink! The flies are gettin Redic though. OTHER than that BOMB food! :)
Great food and eclectic decore and atmosphere. Deanna, our server was super friendly and overall awesome!! What a great dinning experience we had at lunch!!! We will be back often.
Food was good had chorizo and eggs drinks are well made the bar keep is friendly and a bit twisted but a cool fun place.
I have taken two of my cars here. I feel like I am being treated well and I am charged a good price for quality work.\nI recommend this shop!
Ok, this place is next to a liquor store and a check cashing place but despite the sketchy location, it's actually pretty good! Had the cheese pizza and an order of mixed bone in chicken with a honey biscuit. All for under 14 bucks! Can't beat that, right?
I placed an order online. I would suggest calling instead. It took an hour and a half from start to finish, because they weren't aware that it had been placed. Food was ok.
Great food at great prices!!! I'm glad we found this place,  what a gem! The special steak dinner was delicious,  then we came here again for breakfast and had the steak and eggs for $9.99.
I've tried Ultrastar, AMC, Studio Movie Grill, Dickinson, and Century theatres.  Not only is Harkins the best theater option out there with there free popcorn(with shirt) and $1 sodas (with cup), this is their best location!  I will never go anywhere else again!
Cheap gas, clean restrooms and safe area.  I would visit this location again if I'm in need of gas.
Great place to stop for an early morning bagel.
I ordered a gyro with fetta cheese, and the hummus appetizer Togo online. It was already ready to go when I got there, and it was delicious. Will definitely be back.
Great Madison beer.  Have not met an Ale Asylum beer that I don't like.
Alas Sabatino's, you will be missed. But your pizza crust has been pretty darn tough the last few times. And it used to be so good! Someone must be over kneading in the kitchen. :-(.
Lunch comes with chips. I was called cheap for not ordering fries. I do not think this is how a customer should be treated. The food wasn't memorable either. I won't be back.
Awesome ...love the hours and friendly staff
Could not believe how far downhill The Cheesecake Factory has gone downhill!  Four of us went and our meals were terrible!  Clearly not as I remembered from other The Cheesecake Factory restaurants.  Would I go back? NOT!
Alright first things first the Oaxaca burrito is a solid 5 stars but the rest of the menu is mediocre in the taste category with little in appeal beyond just a normal little mexican restaurant. The one on the south side is better than the one up north!!!
Super yummy sandwiches and soups. They make all of their own bread, and have many original choices. The roast beef gorgonzola is awesome!
Place was alright.  Nothing special.  I only got the eggs so tough to compare to other places.  I'll certainly go back and give some other items on the menu a try.  The wait on a Sunday morning, 10ish wasn't so bad at all.
My favorite Thai place in Arizona by far! My go to spot for dates, business meetings, and just because it's Wednesday.
The prices are high, but the food quality is not there. Do yourself a favor and go to Golden Steer or Binions Steakhouse.
Get ready to feel like you aren't welcome by the rude guy that has seated me the 3 times I have been there. I only go there for the funny name. The wait staff is rude and very slow. I will go back if someone else is buying. I'm sure I can find better Pho places in Vegas.
Perhaps I'm biased about the Nugget, given that I won $1000 bucks at a penny machine this weekend!  But really, the best money for hotel stay on Fremont.  Affordable and the classiest on the street if you ask me.  Love everything it had to offer.
Very bad service and wait time. My first time here and never coming back again !!! Seriously it's bad management !!
This bar is great! Gaming is awesome and bartender and servers all are as good as they come! \nSliders and spaghetti night is super yummy!
Went here over Memorial day weekend for my bachelorette and we had soooooo much fun!! it was awesome and and we all said we'd do it again in a heartbeat :)\nThose blokes are hott!!!!
Service is extremely slow and the food is nothing special.  It seems convenient until it takes 2 hours to have breakfast.....Not a fan!
Quality has completely deteriorated.  Not impressed with food of customer service. So sad.
Wide selection, but customer service wasn't all that great
\"Slow service. Received hardly any fries with meal. Guacamole was frozen. Broccoli was not fresh. Not coming back\"
If you're desperate for Mexican food and can't bare to drive any further, then this is your spot. They have a decent menu but the food I ordered was basically flavorless. \n\nGo to Moreno's.
Yummy enchiladas. I like this restaurant. I prefer to take out though because the dining room doesnt have a comfortable ambience. Delicious, quick, Mexican food though.
They have really good pizza for really cheap. Bloomfield rocks!
Pretty good gyro.  Ordered extra meat and they delivered.  I have always hit up Pita Kitchen once a week but now torn.  Well played.
Horrible place ...unpleasant food, bad service, and the base of the music is so f**king annoying ...poor neighbors...I hope they will close this restaurant soon... I will never go there again... They don't even know how to take care of their customers...
The wait was 10 minutes on a Sunday! Not bad. The food was good, service was great! I ordered a side of gravy for my biscuits...I wish I didn't...it wasn't that great actually. Their jam is amazing!! Order the jam instead of gravy!!
Not very vegetarian friendly. They only had one vegetarian option (squash ravioli), and the best way I could describe it is MEH. They may or may not have vegan friendly salad, but I'm not sure. Conclusion: NOT a place for vegans or vegetarians.
Great place for lunch! They have a varied selection of entrees, and the complimentary side dishes are quite tasty. While it gets pretty busy during lunch and dinner, it's much better to wait and have food here, than to do takeout.
Good food, good service. More of a bar than restaurant.
I don't know how but I swear the Chicken Fried rice got better... We actually crave this place. \n\nI find it hard to believe that they do not get good reviews, they are always busy.
Great deli.  Had a very good Ruben today.  Great food and friendly service.   I'll definitely be eating here again.
Very helpful, you never feel alone for the instructors are always available via cell...
Well trained staff, clean layout and everything Apple! One stop Apple shop! \nThis local has better service than Carrefour Laval.
Four of us had to wait 1hr for food. The cook in the back was fighting with the cashier and the cashier was telling everyone she did not have enough chicken. Service was horrible. Two people for a place full of customer is not good. A few people walked out including us. I wish I could of tasted the food.
Been here 3 times and had a Gyro the first time and Philly Cheesesteaks the last two times. All very good.
Courtney does great waxing! Erica is an amazing manicurist!  Love these girls!
Breakfast: Very high quality food from various genres. Amazing array of items too. OJ is fresh squeezed. What is impressive is that different genres are of equal quality. Guacamole is solid all the way to salmon benedict. About $20 per person.
Nothing special. They brought me my drinks without a problem.....need to work on their quality of food.
The show was really good and there are not really any bad seats. We enjoyed ourselves and would recommend seeing it.
One of my favorites! Ive been there twice and got the soft shell crab which was exceptional.  The oysters are very good too for apppetizers and so is the manhattan clam chowder. It looks very small from the outside but the restaurant is underground.
Great sushi, first place i goto when i get into town, all you can eat is awesome. The staff make you feel wecome and also give some great suggestions if you cannot make up your mind from the vast selections of roll's
This club is small but very happy to have it here in PHX. Thank you United! Since the merger the bar has free drinks. The old united charged. TV expresso free drinks. Nice!
This restaurant was indeed, Mashisoyo.  My husband and I had the sundubu jjigae (tofu soup) and the dolsot bibimbap (hot stone rice & veggie dish), both without egg since we are vegan.  My dad also enjoyed his meat dish.  We will definitely come back!
The love the dim lights, the temp was perfect, the server was prompt, laid back just the way I like it. The portions are huge but they have a new skinnylicious menu that I love.
Great service and excellent all you ca eat sushi for $26 per person, we will be going back.
i like this casino. it smells good and the people are friendly.
When you walk into a place and even the air feels dirty something is amiss.  It's all electronic games. No tables with real people dealing.  We went out of our way to check it out and were vary disappointed.  Not worth the walk from anywhere.
Pretty good. Oxtail was awesome. Plantains were just like I remembered them in the Carribbeans. The jerk chicken was okay... Needs a little more heat. Beef patty good (I'd eat it again). The workers were outstandingly nice.
Food was really good but the service was terrible. Wish I was able to give 2.5 stars.
Good enough for the price.
I love that there are more locations now. I can't get enough of this place. Good food and the Acai Bowl is my favorite. The service is always great.
I love coming here during lunch and getting their crawfish etouffee. It has so many spices, so much crawfish. The portion is generous enough to keep you satisfied. The only issue is the price. Everything seems pretty expensive (even for seafood).
I stopped in this QT yesterday for the first time in months. I love the clean bathrooms and friendly staff. There is a large drink selection and it was nice that the machines were all in working order. They have a good food and snack selection. I will definitely be back soon
Sure this store is clean and organized, and they have great deals on clothes. But as a guy, unless you like golf shirts and cargo shorts you won't find anything worth a darn here.
Caveats: these yelp reviews must be focusing on the price to taste ratio. Brought my grandma here for the all-u-can-eat prime rib. Poor dear couldn't chew the tough but tasty steak.
What a great place to have innovative Pizza and other delicious dishes. Always great tasting food, fantastic atmosphere, and wonderful service!\nIt's a regular go to restaurant any day of the week.\nSo glad it's in the Summerlin at Tivoli Village!
Went in here without knowing much about cigars and the person working was very helpful and pointed us to affordable, delicious cigars.  The shop itself is very nice and brand new and features a bar and a room to smoke in as well with large TVs.  Great place
Great food and fast service. Loved the chicken fried noodles.
Out of business. For some reason, I have to write a whole paragraph about this. So, I will say that they are really, really, really, really, really out of business. Doors locked. Signs gone. Paint peeling off.
Excellent food.
This place used to good not sure what happened. Lamb chops were flavorless, soup was bland, and the service was terrible. Gazpacho was the worst! Barely ate anything we ordered. Don't waste your money.
Superb!  Amazing suites..the bathroom itself could make a hotel room in any other casino.  Great accommodations, pool, restaurants..the buffet is decent (the best thing worth eating was the ravioli).  If I could stay here every time I came to Vegas, I would
First time visitor and I highly recommend! The staff and hair stylist were very welcoming and nice! I only had to have extensions taken out this visit but will definitely return once back in town. A++
For the price and location  not a bad value. But I wouldn't stay here again. I saw check-in lines go well over an hour during my stay. It looked like the airport TSA line on a bad day. Just wouldn't be worth it to start a weekend with that experience.
I went here the other day for the first time since I'd never heard of the chain. I had a mushroom swiss burger that was alright but the cheese curds were great after I got past the name. The staff was very friendly too. I would go back even though I'm not big on fast food.
This place is a JOKE !!!! From the pulled pork to the tri tip both NASTY !!! Got apple pie and it was damn near frozen !!! Service was nothing to desire !!
EXCELLENT ESTABLISHMENT! The managers and staff are very respectful and tend to your needs immediately. Girls are friendly and clean and locals get treated very well here. Better than the gentleman's clubs out east with what I am used to!
Excellent pizza place.  I had the Italian meat pizza and it was great.  Service was good too. Caesar salad was good but not great.
I have stayed here twice now with my wife-lovely place to stay for a three day weekend on the strip. Buffet here is a pretty damn good one (as buffet's go that is..)\nI would go back and will....
I love that this place is a family owned restaurant. Wife and I tried the Trio platter so that we could sample several different things. We also had a traditional gyro. Everything tasted quite good. Well we both agreed it's not something we will eat every time we' re in town but we will go back.
Good solid beer, get El Heffe (that's how they spell it) and \"Live and Let Rye\" good choices.
Not the greatest ale house in the city but certainly not the worst.\n\nI like the food and I have tried all the beers.  They're just \"OK\" as far as beer goes.\n\nLarge portions. Friendly staff.
Good happy hour menu and great specialty drinks. Very fresh food and good service. been here twice and will go back when I am in the area.
I really wanted to like this place because its hard to find grassfed beef in most restaurants but he first time I checked out Coal Burger I thought it was over priced and not very tasty.  When I went back to give them another chance my original thoughts were validated.
I love Fat Tuesday but I always get stomach pains after I hve a whole yard stick by myself so I wouldn't recommend get the slushes but instead have a drink you like made in the yard stick
I stopped going to this Einsteins awhile ago but when I was hungry walking by it the other day I just stopped thinking I would give it another chance. Boy I was wrong. Same old Einsteins I always new. The service was terrible and they rushed everything. Next time I need to remember to stay clear of this place and hit up another Einsteins
Very rude manager( Jennie ). Poor customer service. Employee Joyce was very disrespectful & will not be returning to this location.
Black Coffee is really good here. I think prices seem a little expensive. I just had a cookie and called it a day.
This review is specific to there chilli dogs. I went expecting the worst, and they were worse than I expected. \nOne word: Nasty!
Kids meals were disappointing.  Terriyaki chicken is a basic kid meal staple but Flos kid meals only include rice.  If you want noodles instead with the Terriyaki meal it costs extra $2.  That's $7.50 for kids terriyaki with noodles.  Pei Wei much better and more flexible with pricing.
I also received a card in the mail from the receptionist, Rita, that said they have their changed lab and they will give me a discount on a new pair of glasses. It is very nice of her do that but I already wasted a lot of money on a pair of glasses I will never wear.
I should have known better than to come here. The food was awful. I ordered the Dandan Noodles. I struggled to eat  my entree and could only finished it because I forced myself to, and it was a painful experience. My girlfriend agreed that it sucked. We had better Chinese and Japanese food in Vegas both at higher and lower price points.
Horrible experience - 50 min wait for food and the server misplaced my card and didn't seem to care at all!
Can I leave no stars?!?!\nWent here Saturday afternoon because it has been on my bookmark list for a few weeks.  PFFTTTT.  We went at 3pm and they were closed.  No signs saying emergency, had to leave early..NOTHING!!!
The best tasting healthy organic food we ever had. The staff was friendly and helpful.\nIt was great to find healthy satisfying food for the few days we were in Vegas. I wish they had a store by us.
We found this place from a recommendation from a friend. It is a gem and we love the outdoor patio. \nGreat skinny margarita and excellent poblano enchilada\nNo overly priced and great service
Best sushi in Arizona! No matter how many other sushi places I try, I always come back to Tokyo Lobby. Great service, fair prices and always delicious!
Awesome food, excellent customer service.  Our waiter was very knowledgeable and helped me make a great decision.  I enjoyed talking sports with him...even though he is a 49er fan...lol.  Thanks for a wonderful lunch experience!
I ordered Pho dac biet and it phokin sucked!! Only thing that was decent was the eggrolls. Decor was nice but food thumbs down!
When I ate the Chicken Parm in the dining area... I loved it. When I got it delivered to me house... horrendous. You decide.
Very slow service, over 55 minutes to check out . Lady did not know what she's doing.
Their #13 Italian sub is consistently the best sandwich I have found. Fresh sliced in front of you, piled on with the right veggies and the juice is just enough that blends the sandwich together.
Same great food and great people as the old Q. Probably been here 20 times since the name/ownership change and its still great!
I had the dry aged ribeye, with arugula salad. The steak was so tender I could have cut it with a fork.
Have had good and bad experiences. The last was bad. Don't go during the hours between the lunch crowd and dinner. Our service and the lack of effort to fix the situation was bad.
If you're young, single, looking to party, and meet other singles, and you have some money, this is the hotel you want to spend your saturday night at.\n\nAlso, if you're a slots player, Palms casino is said to have the loosest slots in vegas.
It is true, I like their pizza - or maybe it's just better when you eat it here while relaxing and enjoying a beer.
this place rates a bit high on the bro-meter for my liking, but it can be fun with the right group of friends.\n\n3 stars for doing a SHOT-SKI with my friend's mom.
4 stars for coffee and a zucchini muffin. 2 stars for ambiance. Not a cozy place, but had a delicious latte with a barista styled heart in my foam!  Love that touch!
Yum lennys. This one is not my preferred Lennys location, but still decent. The inside could use some updating and so could the menu.
Great little place. The food, service and the Big House Crew are consistently great each time we come to enjoy a meal. Look forward to many more visits to this little spot.\n\nTip: Try the biscuits and gravy!
Stopped in for lunch today food was delicious and service was great! We will definitely be back
Got the creamy pesto penne pasta i added some shrimp,  absolutely delicious.
Not my top choice for a Chinese buffet. Over priced on the dinner & the food was barely warm. Service was the only great thing I would compliment on.
This place is great!  So much stuff and such great prices!  There are always new items out and the staff is so friendly.  They really try to help you find what you are looking for or give you ideas about what you can use.  And, its a nonprofit!  All the money raised goes to support the local schools through their education foundation.
Kinda pricey ... I suggest you guys to go to Chinatown's Harmonie , which is the same store but less expensive ...
Trini is great; he listens and gives you exactly what you want.  Or tells you why it wouldnt work.
The food is good. I have been 4 times and the service has always been horrible. 20 minutes to get a diet coke after having to call the manager. This is the last time I am going there.
I'm not really an outdoors person but this place is pretty darn huge.  Really big gun selection.  I usually come here and wait for my husband to peruse.  All the camo apparel they sell keeps me entertained.
This review is of the medieval dinner buffet at the Excalibur.  The chef is italian and the food represents that. Had an amazing dinner. Sausage and peppers are what standout here along with the sheer amount of food. Go off peak and enjoy it pretty quiet as well.
The people were nice, the prices were reasonable.  Would go again.
We thoroughly enjoyed our hot air balloon ride with this company.  Very professional, very safe but friendly and informative staff.
This place has a lot of potential, with that being said, for the price, I expect the best most thoughtfully prepare bowl of Ramen.  It was good, but not that good.
Really good margaritas and a great happy hour. Short rib tacos had a ton of flavor. Chile verde ones were really good as well. Great guacamole. Seems like it has a good set up for a nice scene at night with a cool patio.
this place deserves five stars! the ones who gave any less most likely did not order the SAGE FRIED CHICKEN BENEDICT! lol \n\nbut beware, servings are huge so plan to share!
Don't go! Left with a bloody ear and cut on the other side of my head. Ive gone 2 times and both times was told they were too busy to add me to their system and it would be 45 mins.  Both times only one other peron there, too lazy and not the brightest group working there.
The best all you can eat sushi? Almost sounds like and oxymoron.
I got the Luv-It Special and it was good but it was drowning in a massive amount of crummy frozen strawberry sauce. When we finally got down to the custard, it was really good. I suggest you get an order without any sauce or ask them to put less of it on there.
Items were nice, but some pieces seemed to be overly priced just because that certain look is in. Additionally, I agree that there is a lack of customer service. No one wants to shop and spend money where they feel like they aren't welcome.
We got one frozen hot chocolate to share and it was the right amount of chocolatey sweetness. I love chocolate but sometimes it's a little too sweet for me, but sharing it was definitely a great idea.
This was the most expensive buffet I have ever ate. The food was not even worth the money that you have to spend to eat at the Buffet in the Wynn. I will never eat there again and will not recommend people to try it.
We ate here and all 5 of us will never return!! Warm sushi not fresh, cold food and small expensive portions.
Is there rain or shine\nNice little farmers market\nSometimes hit or miss
Susan and Danna sold the business and the new owners are really struggling, it took me over a week to get an estimate and I couldn't approve it because it was written up wrong AND I never received another one fixed SO~\n\nI found another printer and they are great!
This place is overrated. I don't understand why people like this so much. My server got our order wrong, and charged us for the food he brought by mistake. Terrible service. I will not go back again. The chicken is on par with Church's and Popeye's at best.
way over priced for what it was, i asked if they could substitute mashed potatoes instead of rice and was told NO, and it's crowded.  It's a crappy diner with nice decore.  If you want to spend that much skip Taste of Dahntahn, there is better food at better prices avail elsewhere.
Love, love, love!  They do hair, makeup, nails and much more. A beautiful, clean salon with friendly people.  Would recommend people check this place out. Great prices!
So good so friendly   amazing attention to details  had chicken salad on toasted brioche
this bar has an inflated sense of self. no flip flops or yellow jackets.. but t-shits are ok. the bar upstairs is much better.
Dumplings are way too greasy as is everything else. Nice selection of dishes but poorly made. Its a pity as the concept is interesting but the actual food too junky.
Dinner was delicious as was the service and the view on the 50th floor of the rio.decor was different  but the meal was great as was the show the rat pack returns.this was the reason we were there .
I love this Pizza.  I go here often due to the affordable slice specials and the terrific taste.  I get the Chicken Wings as well which are phenomenal!!
http://kristilynk.wordpress.com
Lots of fun stuff. Planitarium really neat. Great learning and hands on for kids and the kids at heart.
I work in Charlotte and I like to eat at Bodricks whenever  I'm in the area at lunch time. The BBQ sandwich, fries, and drink special is a great deal and very good. The owner is a really nice guy too! Give them a try!
This Safeway sucks! There is never any product on the shelf. When I go to other Safeways there is plenty of the Open Nature products and so much more variety.
A diet coke at the bar cost $6! \n\nEven at Vegas prices, a normal 20 oz. Diet coke only costs $3. I expect to pay high prices for alcoholic drinks, but not for soda. Crazy!
A relative of mine recommended Carmon for a lock replacement I needed.  Carmon responded quickly and was able to fix my problem in an easy and painless way.. definitely recommend the service!
Really enjoyed stopping in here and checking the place out. The owner was super friendly and helpful. We discussed making sausage and the wide variety and selection that he had in his display case. I will certainly be back to check out some boneless rib eye as it looked amazing. I will update once I do.
Good place for traditional Chinese dim sum. The decor could use an update but they make good food. Take advantage of their $2.49 any dim sum dish, Monday - Friday.
Good food. Great staff!!! Thank you.
Dirty bathroom, NO plugs for my MacBook that fit. All floor plugs have a metal frame that blocks my charger. Chairs have no plug. Terminals are separated too far so they can fit slots
service was slow. food had no seasoning at all, very bland. better mexican food around.
Best carwash in Henderson!   They always do a great job and their customer service is top notch.  I have 3 very hairy dogs and they trash my car on a constant basis.  Everytime I have it washed, it looks brand new again.  Thanks guys!!
The most authentic shanghai food, and the best shanghai restaurant in Las Vegas and LA. I go to there every weekend, I like the roast fish and lamb there. And they have the special cheap price on lunch time.
Las Vegas Grand Apartments is an amazing place to live! Rooftop amenities- pool lined with cabana's, full basketball and tennis court. spacious, great atmosphere, and a location which is conveniently close to the strip. would highly recommend it to any future residents to LV!
If I could I would give this shit whole NEGATIVE 3 stars! We ordered at 10:30 and they got here at 1:15 am!!!! Our food was cold, they gave us a cheese pizza when we ordered pepperoni, their excuse was that they 'had too many orders at that time' bitch... Please.
Had dinner here while staying at the JW Marriott. Service was very friendly, but a bit slow. Food was decent, but portions were small. Decor is very nice, but I think there must be better options in the Phoenix metro area or even near the hotel. Don't think I would have dinner here again.
Fresh food, excellent taste and very nice new owner. I tried a few others and had to go back to Gandhi time and again. Buffet was excellent too and when ordered service was quick compared to their competitors.
Addicting Brunch. MANY veggie options
Horrible service!! This place is all hype. On Christmas Eve, I called in advance and they confirmed they would be open till 4. We arrived at 3 and they decided to close early and wouldn't serve us!! Anyway, I wanted to try something new but I'll keep eating at Patati Patata.
I would give 0 star for the service.they don't even answer the phone properly and delivery time is too long.it was my big mistake that I called here .
As usual their hamburgers are tasteful, but the service at this location is the worst! I got almost yell at just because they gave me a wrong order. So if you want a great hamburger you can just skip this location and go to another In-N-Out Burger other than this, because their service sucks...
I called and spoke with David. Said he would be at my house in one hour and as advertised he arrived on time. David took the time to explain what the cause of the problem was and fixed it in no time at all. Very professional and courteous.\n\nI have this company on speed dial!
I like the #5..
This club is tiny and hard to walk around... the dance floor is small and people spill drinks all over the place.  The drinks get more expensive as the night goes on... that truly sucks!
I miss Sunflower Market. Gone are the days where I would avoid going to Whole Foods because I could find a wide variety of health food for a fraction of the price. Now the stores tend to run the same.
I've been here for breakfast and the oatmeal is yum. Today I'm doing lunch. Man salad, sure to be satisfied as usual.
They did a good job. Tried the magnet look on my nails. Pretty cool look.
Loved their Sheridan sandwich! Great beer selection and a kick back style makes this the next best in Phoenix!
Nice enough atmosphere, but poor service on a Friday evening especially since the place wasn't crowded... I guess that should have been a clue !\nAnyway, the hot wings had a nice bite to them... finally, something flavorful and hot enough...
This place is like being in Hawaii! Usually see alot of people I know.  Comfortable enough to cruise around by myself! Food is reasonable & tasty! I enjoy coming here!
yum yum\n\nthai iced coffee\n\nfried tofu starter\n\nand lots of the basics\n\ntry the lunch buffet\n\nbut be prepared to wait in a long line
First time here. Our server, Amanda, has been wonderful. Drinks and food have been great! Beaitfuk girls and great atmosphere! Wish there was a Twin Peaks closer to home! We were on this side of town for a movie and decided to stop in on our way home and we are pleased :)
The staff is nice. Didn't try anything to eat but ordered a flat white espresso and a monkey mocha. The monkey mocha is sooooo good!
Great food, small selection for me as I don't like to \"fishy\" sushi. I'm more interested in rolls, but I guess you can ask the chef to make what you need. Just not on the menu. \n\nOverall, it was great and there was hardly ever a line.
Will wrote more when ready............
Great food, great beer, awesome live music! Best Irish pub in Town
I went to new location so excited.. What I found was today at 8:30 am was a rude waitress and manager more intrested in eating his breakfast. The waffle dogs was dry and the piggy thing was rubber. I was super let down at this place. Never again!
Have family that lives in the area and when we come to town to visit, this is one of the places we have to go to.  \n\nOther people comment that the place is busy during dinner time.  A restaurant busy during dinner?!?\n\nHighly suggest you try the pulled pork sliders.
Friendly customer service \nFresh organic food\nRefreshing drinks \nCozy and calm environment \n\nI had the Nomnom breakfast burrito and caf\u00e9 latte. Service was prompt and the food is yummy! I really enjoyed their decoration =)
Lots of good Oregon beers, should replace Full Sail with Double Mountain.  Food was good.  Fairly high hipster quotient, it'd be right at home in Portland.
+ Low limit 3.00 craps.\n+Cheap beers.\n-Casino has some unpleasant odors floating around.\n-A few shady characters floating around. My wife said she felt a little uncomfortable cruising the slots while I played craps.
Favorite pizza restaurant.   Altho we cannot eat cheese, Metro always makes the pizza with enough toppings that we don't feel deprived.\n\nWe take home half of large pizza and have dinner the next day.   What a bargain!
This place is great. I had a Groupon 1 month unlimited classes. There are many classes available for all levels. The place is clean and very modern. I enjoy the Foundations class, Jenny Brown is a great instructor. Everyone should try this place, you we will be hooked.
A vegas hotel who doesnt have frenzied desk staff, actually let us in early to our room (a first!) and has a bathroom bigger than my college dorm\n\nClose enuf to the fun but no presence of screaming drunk wankers in the hallway.  Its great.  Really!
Justice Cafe and Patio is a nice perk. Rooms comfortable and clean. Our refrigerator was not working and service promptly got it working. Good location for access to toy district and little Tokyo. Can't beat the value.
love the chicken noodle soup in bread bowl.  sandwiches are awesome as well.
My family and I are huge seafood lovers, but Rayan was the worst experience ever. I do not recommend this place to anyone, because the service was terrible and the food was disgusting. All of the three dishes we ordered were absolutely unedible.
You get what you pay for. 17 dollar oil change equals 1 and a half wait with no other customer or cars being worked on.
I had the rotisserie chicken. I was not impressed. BOSTON MARKET is a lot better. The service was horrible. I wanted 10 minutes to have my order taken and it was only 2 other people in the restaurant. My first and last trip!
I have always had a great meal here.
If you find yourself having to wash your clothes as soon as you get home from the bar, it's probably best that you stay away from that bar altogether.  That about sums up my experience with this staple on-campus venue.
Awesome place! Billy did my pink and white for $33 he didnt even cut me!  This was the best nail job i have ever gotten
So we came in to give them a chance at redemption, and they did. The brisket was good, the service was good. And we will leave it at that.
The food still sucks but it's perfect for getting wasted and dance on the bar. Shot shot shot shot !  Hopefully I don't loose a shoe and end up in the river bottom. Friends don't let friends get fucked up and drown in Tempe town lake.
Very good, but I was not blown away.  I will admit that the quality and presentation were uniformly high, and the mashed potato was memorable in that it was more like whipped - must have been the smoothest I have ever tasted.  It made sense that some diners were from France, and I give it a solid 4.5 stars.
Nice place to grab a bite before your flight.
Good service and good selection of whiskey.   They have very comfortable lounge chairs as well.  I would go back to this place.
They have many choices on the menu and reasonable prices.  The service was friendly and we were seated quickly even though they were busy.  The food was excellent and it was nice getting away from the strip.
Fast delivery but horrible customer service. The guy who answered the phone was rude on the phone when I asked if they had dessert. He even hung up the phone on me when I had more questions!!
This crepe is positively creepy. Burnt, hard around the edges, veggies in middle were cold.  They are so busy they don't care. Concept is good but they definitely new quality control based upon the other positive reviews.
Nice location. Too bad Westmount Park is just a bit too far to make it before your ice cream melts! Delicious excellent ice cream and nice place to sit and enjoy.
The staff was friendly and the food tasty but I didn't like being served in plastic, disposable containers while they advertise their dishes with photos of nice wooden bento boxes.
Sketch but the burritos are alright. And, in the food desert that is this area, you gotta take what you can get.
Run of the mill McDonald's which is one convenient exit & about two blocks off the freeway.  Appears to be a newer building with two ordering lanes.  There's a HUGE cactus for you to stare at while waiting for your order to come up.
They are CLOSED due to A/C emergency.  The sign said CLOSED FOR GOOD!  \nNeed a refund on our $20 voucher and do not want anyone else to be also inconvenienced.
Been here a few times and return when I have a coupon. Service is friendly, but food is average. Tried pancakes, french toast and a variety of eggs. I've liked the southwestern scramble best.
There's Not much to say  except it's a step towards catching up with other major cities...
Slowest Starbucks ever. I have been here numerous times, and it never gets any faster.
Amado's Bros is a new favorite Friday breakfast joint for me and my co-workers.  The breakfast burritos are not huge, but definitely fill you up without a hitch.  Friendly smiles and good prices will keep me coming back for more!
Cute little store. I love going here to find new treasures. They get new stuff in all the time. A lot of nice brand name items. My 2 teenage daughters love this store, I have never left this place empty handed.
Its difficult to find and my gps just kept making me drive around in circle.\n\nThey are very rude on social media too. The fact that they said that they are the best studio in Scottsdale (or something like that) before they even opened left a sour taste in my mouth.
Brio is delish, plain and simple. I have yet to get something that isnt tasty. I live about 15-20 miles from one so I dont get out there too often but I do wish there was one closer to my area.
We just moved to the area and see them in the neighborhood all the time. So we thought we would give them a shot. I'm glad we did great pizza and good the next day reheated!
This store has a service oriented crew and a very helpful owner, Andy.  They are always eager to assist and never have steered us wrong.  We are new to bicycling and they have been patient and informative. If you like two-wheeling, give them a try.
This is the best pizza place in Centennial as far as I'm concerned. The food was good, the beer even better and the ambiance could not have been better! It'll b a great place to come and watch sports...
Arrived @ 6:15pm on Sat without a reservation, restaurant was fairly full.  We were seated immediately though.  No one even acknowledged our presence for 15 minutes.  We got up and left, once again, without being acknowledged.  Disappointed.
Great food, beautiful girls and ice cold beer! 29 degrees!! Wow! It sets a nice setting of a mountain lodge surrounded by tons of huge flat screens. Love this place!
This place is like dirty Mexico in the middle of Scottsdale. Not a fan.
Closed down? I just renewed my membership with a 6 month commitment about a month ago, I went by after being away for a week and the place was cleaned out, looks like they went out of business. Even if they were moving or renovating, they never let me know. Shitty.
***be aware if your buying a whole pizza*** \nThe pizza is not bad but is it worth the wait of 35 minutes for a whole one? That will be up to you
This was the 1st time using Handyman Xtreme and it won't be the last! Tom, was very  professional and courteous. He installed and reassembled my ceiling fan, and dining room table with efficiency.\n\nExcellent Service!
I could not find a dish that I could eat it with pleasure.\nIn addition, some of the dishes were not fresh.\nSometimes serves delicious cheesecake.\n\nLow price, only $ 10.
Not as good as XS but still a good time. Shout out to the bartender who I won't mention by name but I still want to thank for hooking me and my girl up with some thick patron shots. You know when your struggling to gag it down after two gulps your in trouble. Big ups to you sir
This shop has not been in business since 2012.  They were part of Griffin Mansions which closed down.
Great place for a late night bite and no where else is open.   Fresh take on some traditional type dishes done burger style.   You can customize each one with a selection of diff toppings to make it all your own.  Pair your burger with the deep fried pickles.  The chili powder ranch dressing is superb.
Everytime I go here it seems the food gets worse and the price gets higher. I'm pretty certain this will have been my last trip to the Ihop chain.
By far one of the BEST pizza places i have ever had. Huge slices and the coal oven gives it a great flavor. They made a small mistake on our pizza but they were Super nice abt it, gave us free drinks and made a new one very quickly.
Breakfast as good as it gets. Been coming here for 10 years and never been disappointed. Lunch while not looking as good as breakfast is surprising good just not as good as breakfast. Give it a try , great service plus watch a plane or two take off and land. Much better than the big breakfast chains.
Love this place. alough they need to stay open later and stock beer from the rear of cooler so you alwasy get cold beer.
This was my 5th visit here. We love it. Everyone I bring here loves it too. The food quality is great & the prices are great too. Soooo worth it! They are very friendly and personable staff.
I've been hearing of several instances where this group has recued puppies from surrounding shelters, but made the decision not to also rescue the mother.  This usually ends in the mother being euthanized.  Just my feeling, but doesn't the mother deserve to find a forever family as well as her babies?
originally landscaped by Frederick Law Olmsted (Central Park, Prospect Park, Belle Isle Park), the park is the heart (and lungs) of the city and its ultimate recreation destination--think:  walking, running, cycling, hiking, skating, sledding, skiing, snowshoeing, etc.
The service is hit or miss, but the food is almost always great. The staff was all eating lunch at the same time one day when we came in. They had to fight over who was going to get up to seat and serve us.
The food is very good. The service is beyond horrible!  Such a shame would love to go back but just can't handle the terrible service
Hit or miss.  Trendy.  Service can be slow.  I used to come here years ago but haven't been in a while because I had one too many so so dining experiences.  I think there are better places for sushi in the valley.
Awful experience. Really made you feel unwelcome. Very strange to meet hatful movie managers at 11 am ona Sunday. They did refund our movie and popcorn.
If happiness was an art form, it would be Barb's Bakery. The cupcakes are adorable and delicious! Everyone at work demands Barb's for meetings, birthdays, ect. The cupcakes are a regular at every family event. Thanks for being so amazing Barbs! You rock! :-)
Food is tasty but the prices are ridiculous.  Service is also very slow, and they are not very apologetic about it.  Portion sizes are tiny for the price.  I had to get a hotdog on the street to satisfy my appetite after spending $300 at this place for dinner.  Go somewhere else.
Over price.
We visited Villa Antonio for the first time for Restaurant Week and I have to say it was remarkable.  Food was fresh and very good.  Service was absolutely outstanding.  We are already planning our next visit.
Extremely slow service, forgot my beer, didn't bring soy sauce to the table, food took forever.
When I start craving ice cream from here, it's hard not to give them a five star rating, plus the staff has been super awesome each time I've visited.
The manager, Michael is not a people person. No personality what so ever. The rooms suck.
We have been to all of the buffets on the strip over time.  I will tell you that for the price and quality, this is one of the best!  Clean, fantastic quality of seafood and so many other items to choose from if you are not a seafood person.  GREAT buffet!
Ive been dreaming of the The stuffed Piquillo Pepper & the Ahi-Tuna Tempura!! Both were amazing!
stay away from this place!!!! the owner is a nasty man and his office staff is incompetent.. took almost two weeks to get my repair done.. everyday was a different excuse and never any fault of theirs...
Good portion of food for the price.  However, their salad lacks substance and dressing blend.  Their meat is cooked well (a bit dry) but lack any kind of flavor.  It doesn't seem like they marinate their meat.  Even rice lack flavor.  I have had better...much better Greek food for that price.  Not going back.
A friend recommended to try there sandwiches, its really good and the size is prefect. We tried the All American and pastrami..both really good. This will be one place we will hit when we come to vegas..
Delicious burgers, reasonably priced!  The burger toppings are delicions and fresh - I love the \"build-it yourself\" options.\n\nDon't miss the fantastic lemonade or orange-ade that is fresh squeezed when you order it!
I love Arepas and while planning a trip to Vegas I found this food cart on Yelp. What a find it was. I had the #7 chicken and avocado Aprepa it was excellent! Trying to figure how I can go another time or two while I'm here.
This is hands down our favorite sushi restaurant. My friends and I have been coming here for over 8 years and have never been disappointed. Can't beat an all day happy hour Mon-Thurs. Great food, service, and the prices are reasonable!
Will not return. All you can eat at its WORST!! stay away. they have no idea about cleaning in this place. Check out they're recent health inspections no wonder we got sick!!!\nhttp://www.southernnevadahealthdistrict.org/restaurants/inspections.php
Pros: none\n\n\nCons: Gave away our cabana\n           Did not let a friend of mine in (even though he was dressed more than appropriate)\n           Drinks sucked!!!!!\n           Would not recommend to anyone of color guaranteed half of who your with are not getting in.
Best Walgreens ever.
The food was just okay... I had the eggs benedict. Way to expensive for the quanity and quality of the food. If your looking for unique breakfast items that cost way too much this is the place for you!
The best buffet in town. Very high quality food.\n\nBut - it is pricey. Dinner was like $45. And no alcoholic beverages with it either. Go to the lunch if possible, pretty much the same food for half the price.
The white pizza truly is delicious, as are all of their fatty appetizers.  They also offer pasta and other options so there is something to please everyone in any size group you bring to Bado's.
It's a McDonalds, not good, not bad. Playplace was clean, and the people were nice.\nI iwsh I could say more about it but nothing stands out, just food, typical temp, typical employees.
Great shrimp rolls, Average crab rangoon, horrible sesame chicken! Will go back to try dim sum though.
Bey good food. The only thing is that it's a little bit pricey for what your getting.
Watch out, this Starbucks is more expensive than normal Starbucks locations because its tourist central.
Food was good but nothing special.  Coffee was horrible and I was shocked that they charged for cream in your coffee.
Worst service ever!   4 people went for lunch. 2 got food and 2 never received!   They did not understand enough English to complain.   As we were paying they brought the 2 dinners and wanted to charge!   Crazy
Southwest Airlines does have convenient flights times but the service is mediocre most of the time. Firstly, my husband and I checked in online at the same time but got different boarding groups - one in A and one in B. When we proceed to board together at the gate as coupDoesn't make any sense to make a couple traveling together
Other than the cheesecake, which is 5 stars, I have been severely disappointed in the food lately.  We did 1 take out order recently and the food was soggy and slimy when we got home. The cheesecake was the only saving grace.
Great atmosphere. Great food.  \nNot from around here, so I can't speak for the locals, but it was enjoyed by these 10 guys from out of town. \nAsk to get a seat on the 3 rd floor to look over crescent st.
For having the word \"coat\" in the store name, there was a surprisingly small amount of actual coats here.  \n\nDespite that fact, I did manage to find a decent winter coat that didn't cost me an arm and a leg.
Great lunch place. Fresh, well seasoned food. Has more than sushi.  Kimichi pork was tasty.
No more hummus app or yummy bread? $7 for Captian which is the same price as Crown? Place was dead on Saturday and Dos had a line of people waiting to get in there. What happened?
Superb vegan fusion food. The chef really make you feel valued too.
No stars! Walk to the restroom and see the salsa and so called bean dip sitting on the counter with the dirty dishes and other cleaning equipment. I should have left then. Seriously on the cusp of calling the health dept on them.
Long line. Manager on duty turned down additional help on the phone.  Not sure why.  Waiting. ..
Seriously this is the worst mcdonalds. The last time I went it took 20 minutes to get a spicy chicken and a fry. They have two windows and they ignored the window I was  at while taking orders of 3 other cars. Lame.
Tried this place 3 times so far. Great fried rice and fried chicken - I wish I would like their ramen noodles too, but it's a little too oily for my taste and I cannot tell the differences. I know Chef is still experimenting, and I respect his craft. Eventually he will get it right :)
My boyfriend said that this is his favorite Indian food buffet in the Phoenix, and so we've tried to eat there again. Three times. And every time we've gone there's been no buffet, but were offered the higher price main menu. I don't think we'll try again.
Me & my fiance really had a great experience, the only thing is that the table next to us received bread. Why did we not get any??? Anyhow the server was very knowledgeable & we will go back.
A hidden gem in Tempe offering a tasty variety of popular and authentic Chinese dishes. Prompt and courteous service in this small, understated location.
They advertise they are authorized to ship FedEx but they do not ship FedEx ground. The staff is friendly.  Costly, but convenient.
This is by far the worst place I have ever stayed in Las Vegas. The room does not event have a coffee maker. They shut down room service at 1 pm... but they claim it is available until 1 am. The rooms are dirty, nothing works.. what a joke! Do not book here.
I have been here several times and always had great service and food. The stuffed mushrooms are awesome.
I think REI has great outdoor products. But the last time I was there, I was some bombarded with sales people I did not even feel like I was in a outdoor outlet. Maybe it was because of the holidays, but they should restructure some of there front training to match what they are selling.
We had the home made pasta with veggies and the flat iron steak. It was nothing out of the ordinary. Noisy because it is open to the casino area.
I'm from Cali, this ish was alright but at least they had good service. Enchiladas weren't bad just wasn't feeling the beans and rice. They're chips and sauces are delicious.
Just barely ok.  Below average free wine.  Food looks like mass prepared in mess hall. It's ok but but not wonderfully by any stretch.   Pretty pricey for what it is - IMO.  I wouldn't go back nor recommend to any of my friends. Expected so much better.
Didn't care for the Italian Soda I got here. Neither did the wife.  Baristas seemed nice enough. \n\nThe place seemed a little run down, but the balcony was a nice touch. \n\nProbably would not go back just because there are so many other options near by.
Love the authenticity of the food.  \n\nI tried a large Asada burrito.  Loved the tortilla, beans and the Asada.  Had to top if off with the green spicy salsa.  Washed it down with a great tasting Horchata.
She did a great job! Very friendly and cute space. I highly recommend her and will be back again.
Service was fast, but the burger, hotdog, and fries were overrated for the expensive price.\nInn n Out  is still my favorite fast food burger and Bachi Burger is my favorite gourmet burger place in Vegas!
Food is not that great ..taste like fast food...but wouldn't mind going back there for the drinks and the desserts..
The restaurant was clean and the food was tasty.  Selection was modest comparative to other Indian buffets.  Service left much to be desired and there were as many workers as there were tables seated.  Price was on the high side, again, in comparison; $32 for two people.  The two of us felt all but ignored until right before we left.
1.00 movies(Tuesday Only) and 1.50 every other day? What could be better. It is cash only. You end up spending more money  on then the actual movie. The theaters are pretty small, but find a time to go during the week or earlier in the day.
No thanks. This event was an opportunity to view trashy people in their natural habitat. Mediocre music (I'm being charitable.), some decent beers and a bunch of over-tattooed guys and duck-faced girls posing...trying to show all of Facebook just how cool they are. Pass.
Tom Collicchio of Top Chef fame has a chain of Craft steakhouses. This is his fast food sandwich place, hence the clever name. Excellent chicken salad and roast turkey sandwiches.
Food is not really good. We had wings, a salad and mashroom pizza. Wings and pizza were not good. This place shoul be 2,5-3 stars.
Cheap and decent bbq, worth going back to...
getting ready for my friend wedding they seems to be very friendly so i trust them of fitting me a suit!i pick it up after 2 weeks,but when i got home pant hem is short of 1 inch and sleeves is short i told them i want my shirt to show at least a 1/4
I love everybody and everything about this office and have been a patient for many years. My experiences have always been excellent. The doctors are kind and professional, the hygienists are through and gentle, and the staff is friendly and helpful. You couldn't ask for anything more.
Really poor food especially the lemon chicken; It was burned and chewy. More of chicken jerky--totally unedible. Egg Foo Young was not traditional. Wonton soup was okay and that's about it. Took forever to make our food. My strong guess is that the chef is not trained in cooking whatsoever.
The best Mexican restaurant in the valley!\nWe always ask for Omar to serve us. Great service!
I tried three different dispensaries...this one is the WINNER, hands down! Best staff, best prices, and best SMOKE!!!  I LOVE AZO, and the point system rocks!
TERRIBLE!!! Would definitely not recommend. The gel polish came chipped 2 days after I got it!!
Love this place. Great breakfast for $4.99. I always get the crescent breakfast sandwich which is delicious.
Food was ok but came out staggered.  Waitress was horrible.  Had to ask several times for refills .  they were out of root beer, sausage, asparagus. bartender was off duty. over all very disappointed.  Will never return--or refer anyone to come here.
Caroline is a color and extension God!   Check her out!  She's friendly and so talented!  She's also crazy hott so she's not bad to look at why she makes you all yumma and delicious!
The car was fine but the service was very slow and the facilities are a little run-down. There was a very long wait with only three customers. The parking lot looks more like a used car lot than a rental lot.  It definitely wasn't worth the cheaper price.
worst way to get around the strip,first the machine was out of order to buy tickets,additional machine on 2 floor,got there a security offer told us to back again.\nWhen  we finally got the monorail was not even easy to get out to the strip ,they make you go throw every casinosw
I know there were others before me in the diner, but 15 mins for JUST cheese fries? :/
Wonderful service, fantastic food and an overall great experience! Highly recommended! The filet was cooked perfectly, halibut with lump crab was amazing and the desserts were over the top!
Good place to go for cheap food, great location, especially in the Tempe area.  Fast and friendly service.
I found the portions to be very small for the price. I had the garlic chicken for dinner and the amount of chicken in the dish probably added up to the size of a small kitten.
Good.  Intimate.  Expensive.
great apartment
Service Great - Rosemarie helpful in selecting drinks. Food great as well. Price reasonable.
I have always been a fan of TGI Fridays, but this location is ruining that for me. For some reason the food here is just not the same as other Friday's locations. Be cautious.
Really good shawarma, Horrible service.
I will always pick the Coffee Bean over their corporate competitors because they actually taste good. I might not be the biggest fan of their powder flavorings, but I like their selections of tea.\n\nThe additional sitting space on the side closest to the entrance is fantastic. It is the perfect place to study and still be comfortable.
This location has closed
A solid average buffet in Vegas. Decent selections although I found some food was borderline cold. Don't expect too much and you won't be disappointed. I was satisfied overall but it wasn't something to write home about.
yummy...good portions lovely atmosphere!
I was there with my co-workers. It was an eye opening experience. We went for the tour and then started volunteering for 2 hours.
Market Bistro has the best Caesar salad in Phoenix! I love their specials and the food is good both there and taken to go.
Made an apt and showed up and the man was short with me and said it didn't matter and I had a 20-30 min wait.  There was only 4 people working and they had all started a service.  So I went down the street to nice nails and they took me and did a great job
Went to dinner tonight and it was different  from every other experience I have ever had at Pig & Pickle. This was just upsetting. The server didn't have much time for our table and actually let us know that. The food was good as usual, but the service ruined my night. I'm disappointed. Worst birthday dinner ever.
Quick little spot next to marquee! Good food and good service-- let alone our server is kute!
$30 hookah, meh service...and it was completely dead when we went. The saving grace? Really great cocktails. Bottoms up!
wierd. it's just a facade epitome of las vegas culture.
My wife and I had dinner here last time we were in Vegas. It was by far the best Chinese food we've had in Las Vegas. Great food and great service.
One of the best Mexican restaurants I have been to.   I live downtown Scottsdale and eat out a lot.   This place has good food, atmosphere, drinks, and is not over priced.   I love the shrimp tacos, shrimp salad, and shrimp burrito.   Highly recommended!
I really like pong pong when I am craving some Chinese food. The sweet and sour chicken is very good, chicken lo mein, and the cream cheese puffs.  The actual restaurant is a little scary, kind of old and always empty - I usually get it delivered.  Good portion sizes.
Horrible customer service.  The manager was very rude and seam  to not care much  about his establishment or his customers
Certainly one of the best bike accessory shops in the east Valley. If you're looking for a bike, try Global Bikes (or one of the other excellent independents around the valley) - but if you're looking for bike gear from shoes to shorts, Performance is hard to beat.
Don't get your hair cut by Courtney she's awful. In a rush and is just looking to get it done quickly. Paid 20 bucks for a buzz cut she did in 5 minutes. She didn't even fade or detail the cut right. Worst.
Amazing! The food was divine, the lobster mac n cheese rendered me wordless.  Coconut cream pie for dessert is a must. The service was great, our server was very knowledgeable. I would highly recommend this gem of a restaurant if you are visiting Phoenix.
This place is awesome. I've brought my car here several times and my friends have done the same. They are always very nice and do a great job, none of us have ever had any problems at all. Definitely recommend them for a great carwash!
The food was very good and service great. The portions are not small at all from their appetizers, sandwiches or plates. They have a nice variety too.
We go there on occasion.  Not a great variety of steaks on the menu but they have a decent  children's menu.  Service is always very good the food though is just average.  I would recommend Johny's Italian Steak house over in Greenway Station.  For the same price you will get a far better meal.
First timer and it won't be the last. One of my new favorites! Amazing, friendly staff and an incredible choice of wine! Appetizers are delicious too!
The restaurant looks really nice and impressive. I came with a group from my class and we got to enjoy different kinds of food like a buffet. I really love the food and I would like to come again.
Awesome people, beautifully organized shop and very reasonable prices for good quality work. Can't say enough good things about Jason, who is extremely organized and meticulous. If you, like me- are particular and methodical, this is the place to come to for your car.
The food is good and the service is good. Lots of history and info.
I like it hear. Had the perfect breakfast. Two eggs sunnyside up, a slice of french toast, and FOUR turkey breakfast sausage. It was the right amount and delish.
Great place. Good service. Tasty bar food. Friendly attentive staff. LL Cool J in the background. Life is good!
Food is great and so was service. Wings plump and juicy
I really. Like the roasted tomato soup had that & a chicken Caesar salad. Nice portion size, friendly staff who took time with customers. Their portion sizes are larger than Wildflower Cafe across the street.
One common thread that seems to run through the Pita Jungle restaurants is POOR SERVICE. Waited 50 minutes for food and then had to deal with a sour, condescending bartender. Oh joy. That was truly my last foray into Pita Jungle.
Good prices, decent food, friendly service :-) authentic Taiwanese.
Go to there happy hour. 3pm-7pm, good selection I recommend the slider combo. Good variety.
Food is good.  Not one of my first picks when in Vegas but if i was staying at the Cosmo again and didn't feel like leaving the hotel, this would be a good option.
I would like to comment about their Nanny service but they never called or e-mailed me back. I made several attempts to contact them and they never returned any of my calls. It is basic professionalism to return calls or e-mails even if their service is busy at the moment.
Laurie Roth is the absolute best colorist and hair cutter I have ever had. She is extremely knowledgable and knows how to make my hair look fantastic. Her prices are also very reasonable. She is a gem!
Love the atmosphere of this place! The owner was really nice and I loved their very berry waffle! Their hot green tea was amazing too!
You should look into brisket sauce and rice paper.
I enjoy the decor, the food is very good. The service is great, the restaurant is clean, be sure to bring your eating shoes cause your going to be here for a while.
When your Security Guard follows someone into the bathroom who is carrying a bag. ..and wants to check in on the person carrying the bag... be careful, because that bag may contain a laptop computer, in which the annoyed and bothered casino patron will go on the internet and write a bad review on Yelp.
This restaurant has delicious food and a comfortable relaxing ambiance. \n\nI had the country club panini with a side green salad. The dressing on the salad was so good and sweet.\n\nMy husband had a mushroom burger and I took a bite of it. \nIt was absolutely mouth-watering.
Reasonably-priced a la carte Mexican.  Decent little terrace.  Weak selection of vegetarian.  Be prepared for a massive dose of cheese.
Never have I been treated so badly. It seems every time I eat here I get treated like I am a bother.  Why have honey hot as an option if I cannot order it. I will not be choosing mcdaddens ever for my future needs.
These outlets still need work, the outside stores are better than the ones inside but I would say go to the location on the north end of the strip.
Was having a great experience until my girlfriend pointed out a roach on the sushi bar! I understand it can happen, but it really did ruin my appetite. :(
Chopped Salad Rocks!  Love the way it's plated up with all ingredients lined up in rows, dressing on side to add as much as you want and the awesome bread on the side too!!  The sausage and egg sandwhich in the morning is also perfect brunch fare.
Weird vibe here. The drinks were overly priced (e.g., $27 for a Grey Goose & Cran), but strong. The seahorses are cute, but not like a main draw. There are so many other amazing places to grab drinks that have much better atmospheres...why stop here?
Delicious and fresh. Friendly environment and staff. The sushi, rolls and teppanyaki are top. Highly recommend.
Delicious food and drink.  Great atmosphere.  Love it.
The view was excellent\nFood was good\nService was less than ok...
I usually go here because they have some Halal dishes but it's definitely not my \"go -to\" place for Halal.  I find that I have to be in the mood for it in order to really enjoy it.  However, my husband swears by their chicken and I do really enjoy their kefta with rice.
I absolutely love Caribou Coffee especially this location because it's located in the beautiful South Park/ Fox Croft area! The baristas here are super friendly and if your looking for a nice place to study or get work done on your laptop this location is not too noisy it has a beautiful cozy cabin feel to it!
we went there on Chrstmas day for lunch, food was ok but the servers is slow........i mean very slow i have to wait 1 hour to get my food. not really happy about that.
PLUS: Big burgers, cooked when ordered. Variety of sides (fried mushrooms, zucchini, etc.) No attitude.\n\nMINUS: $4.95 for a shake? Really? The fixin's on the salad bar can look a little haggard at times.
We went here for a date night and really enjoyed the food and drinks.  Will go back!
This new restaurant offers indoor and outdoor dining with a continental feel--serving Italian, Spanish and French Cuisine, service was excellent, and the food better. \n45 for two without wine.\n\nA great addition to the Charlotte restaurant scene.
I LOVE my Mini and wanted to give it some spunk and personality. Matt at Penske Rapid Repair helped me come up with the perfect custom stripes and had me back on the road in less than an hour. Thank you Matt!!!! Super happy!
i think this is now operating under the name francis and sons. regardless, you can pay for a better wash, but you'll still only get the basic. then when you go back to ask about the additional services you paid for but didn't get, you'll get glares. save your money, don't go here.
Food is amazing!!! And staff is ALWAYS so nice!!!
Absolutely amazing place. Reasonably priced, friendly/attentive service, and great food. Don't review much, but this was worth remembering my yelp login.
I changed sun glasses.\nAfter I got new lenz, I heard scretch is not covered.\nIt was funny to hear only something to protect themself.\nI didn't want to go back for glasses there again.\nI like the experience at Target much more.
Craziest and best club in Vegas, enjoy the club scene and have your own space .
Like the convenience and prices on some items. Disappointing that they don't take manufacturer coupons.  Some items are missing (low cal, low carb, etc)
Great car wash and coffee. A little pricey, but what do you expect for North Scottsdale.
Hands down best shrimp ceviche in Las Vegas! I would come back over and over again just for that! My lobster tail in garlic butter was also delicious, happy hour on drinks was a plus. Be prepared to eat large portions when coming here, I was not expecting that much food!
This place looked really awesome and I wanted to go in and take a look. There are many fine ingredients around that I cannot find elsewhere such as truffle butter, certain Japanese tea and coffee presses and meats as desirable as Jamon Iberico. \n\nPretty awesome!
Not terrible, but I probably won't be back. Food was so so. Drinks were inconsistent. Every margarita I had tasted different and none of them were quite right.
Not very good the atmosphere was ok. The food was ok. We had a lot of kids with us and they were not that impressed also. There are better choices in Vegas.
Cafeteria taste- airport friendliness
Jenny is extremely talented and professional. My dress needed to be let out. Jenny did a perfect job. Would highly recommend.you can trust her to do a beautiful job!!!!
Great food, Awesome service and very cool environment... Loved it...
This used to be a fav but last few experiences both food and service have been terrible. Will miss this place after being a dedicated patron for 15 years.
This place is bland bland bland! I thought I ordered Mongolian beef but it was just meat cooked with veggies! Orange chicken was it chicken? Not ordering again
Loved it. Great music. Great setting. Great Cast. Great seats. What more?
Local shop with a great selection and very helpful. \n\nGot to support the locals!
Restaurant is now closed. A new sign indicates that it will become a JAVA-U shortly. Stay tuned.
The smell there is overwhelming... not stinky but sweet soapy-like.\nVery friendly employees, though. A great place for gift shopping.
Trendy and overpriced. Bartenders don't pay much attention. The food is nowhere near worth what they charge for it.
Great food, friendly people BUT, they have removed the CHOW MEIN menu??!! Very confusing to order that now? Ples put the CHOW MEIN menu back in!
Do not rent a storage space from these people. They are thieves and every time I went to visit my storage unit my things were not in the same place where I left them. Plus my unit was very hot with terrible lighting. It gave me the creeps every time I had to go there.
Best Italian food in Vegas. Everything was fresh and the service was incredible. The waiters were these two Italian guys. Hilarious!  This is our new regular stop when we're in town. My wife loved it so much she gave the waiter a hug!
It's hit or miss. Sometimes it's good and sometimes it's not. I was very upset tonight when I ordered take out, the food was not good. Wont be going back!!
Love this restaurant! One of my two favorite Chinese restaurants in Las Vegas area! Everything I've had here is very good. I especially love the shredded chicken salad. Out of this world! It has a wonderful dressing and seasoning that I've never had anywhere else before. I definitely recommend this place!!
I came here for steak night and it was great. However the lines are long. The rest of food, I don't remember because I mostly ate steaks. I would come here again just for Steak Night.
8 out of 10.  I thought this place was great until we tried the Buffet at Paris Hotel.  See my review there.
This has become a must eat place by my family when in the Venetian complex. The food is consistently worthy and Fresh. The wit staff service is exemplary. The Manager brought us new items at no charge, and it was great. They even have fried collard greens for us Southerners.
Disappointed to order carne asada nachos to get home with no carne asada. I'm not sure how it happened when there were six people working and I was the only customer!  This location is the same distance as the one on rainbow so that's where I'll be going from now on.
Phenomenal! Hot & sour soup I dream of and honey shrimp beyond my best dreams!!!  My Chinese friend loves the BBQ pork fried rice, Mongolian beef and salt & pepper pork.
Good chinese food, portion size, and dollar-to-bite ratio.  Friendly enough service and excellent location.
Overpriced and not even very good. They were ok when I didn't know of better sushi options in Phoenix.
First time here! I loved it! I just moved from Colorado and when I have people visit me in the future I'm going to bring them here for a treat.
First time there and tried an \"Adult Milkshake\".  I had the Granddad burbon milkshake and thought it was the best.  The burgers are good but very large.  If the menu says that something is spicy - it's HOT!
Let William carve you something nice. He lets you sample anything from carvery with a smile and a bit of humor. Then talk to Adriana in the pastry shop. Great recommendations with a smile. Staff surprisingly kind and passionate about service.
I was so excited to try this place out at the Estrella mountain event on July 3rd. Unfortunately I was extremely disappointed especially after paying $8 with tax! I had the goat cheese melt the bread tasted old. I love goat cheese but whatever was in the sandwich was just bland. After my first bite the half I was eating completely fell apart.
We came here a year ago since we were staying at a nearby hotel. The tacos were great that time but maybe it was because we were starving. The 2nd time around the tacos were okay and tasted a bit salty. Free guacamole is a plus.
The food is absolutely amazing here.  Love the atmosphere and the drinks are the best! Try the Dr. Funk or Painkiller. Also one of my favorites for Sunday brunch, try the Hangover Hash, delicious!
Everybody is helpful and friendly.  Great atmosphere.
As hotel general restaurants go this is run of the mill nothing special. Wait staff were quite friendly. Food was ok but again nothing out of the ordinary. If you are staying at Harrahs the breakfast buffet is a far better choice.
anything you need you can find it at the market :)
Service was good but the potatoes and biscuits were frozen. Fresh homemade biscuits and some hand cut potatoes would be nice.
Although I never visit these clinics, the staff and Dr were incredible! Very nice experience!
The restrooms looked like after an bombardment, an improvised shack amid buckets of olives and spices. Highly questionable hygiene for a food store!Disgusting. I will not go back until they clean up the place. It's just filthy!!!
I really wasn't impressed with the Cafe. The service was pretty good and we got a table right away. The decorations were pretty cool- the conveyor belt of Harleys was fun to watch. I ordered a wrap, but it was just ok, nothing special.
This place has great coffee and a cool retro feel!  The groceries are definitely over-priced but there is a convenience factor in the cost, I'm sure.  The breakfast bar is great for omelettes, etc.
Food was very good! Great breakfast variety and lunch options as well. Love the dog friendly patio! Amanda was a great waitress! Very friendly :) I will definitely be coming back.
Food here isn't great as far as options go. Rarely ever win at the machines either so I'd prob not play them too often.
Amazing yoga place! They have a huge studio that's very clean, and is perfect for working out! They also have jewelry and a hangout area too.
Amazing service from Jelly for lunch today, and seriously good food!  A wonderful hot sauce with heat and a great pico start things before you even get to sample the tasty tacos and enchiladas.  Highly recommended.
Yeah yeah yeah...  what everyone else said.  I have nothing to add.  It's a tad claustrophobic, but still a very cool space.
Nice place to stay if you have a pet. We had a small dog with us and they let him stay in the room. Not much for a work out room but it was clean. Good breakfast and very nice staff. They helped us find a plave to leave the dog for a day while we saw the Hoover dam and the casino's.
Fantastic Ambiance.\nSo so service.  I don't like that you have to get your own water.\nOkay food.  I had some veggie/egg thing with truffle oil on top.  The best part was the turnips in it.
Tres leches and the brownie cup are to die for! If I wasn't on a die I would be there everyday! If you haven't tried their tres leches, what are you waiting for! Go there and sample it. For sure you will be buying more after that LOL
Yum...had to check this place out after I heard they won best gelato in Phoenix!  I thoroughly enjoyed the pear gelato while sitting in the park this weekend - flavorful with figs and so refreshing.  Definitely made me feel like I was in Italy!
High priced and the clock repair person was arrogant and rude. Take your $ elsewhere.
Look.  I love a real diner/hole in the wall/greasy spoon.  But this place is just plain filthy.  God.
SO GOOD.\n\nJUST GO.\n\nYou're welcome.
This location is perfect came in and waited for 25 minutes they accidentally forgot my order the management was very sincere about the mistake and recovered my order very well. I love this location friendly and real!
This place is amazing ! Whether you're a history buff or not this place is a \"must see\"!!! So interesting to see Remains of the Golden Days of Vegas!
It is close by. To me it tastes the same as the other locations They get it done fast..
I have been to this place once and it was really nice, but I've heard that it is really great, so now I'm going to have to go again and really get into the groove.
The place is small but trendy.  It's always packed with good looking people and bartenders.  Good burgers and the fries are OUTSTANDING!
They offer new customers a better rate then existing customers.  We left after pointing out this was not showing customer appreciation.   Left 10 days before next billing period.   No refund.
A maze of gates, you need to be here early to ensure you get to your flight on time
Solid 3 stars. There was a lot of people, so food was fresh and hot. A little better than what I expected, based on the other reviews.
$7 per person to get anywhere up and down the Strip? Yes please.
Sucks. Artists are rude and the \"food\" they served made me severely ill for 3 days. What a waste of time and money. Steer clear of this place.
It was pretty good. I had the B.M.OC,pork chop was good. That being said,waffle was soggy from too much syrup. The eggs were well,eggs. The donut thing was ok all in all it was ok I'll go back to try something else. Oh and the coffee was pretty good.
I have never been so confused as the morning I woke up in a Double Down Tshirt after going out to dinner at the Wynn.  Last thing I remember was say .. \"Sure, I'll try some ass juice...\"
This may be the most terrible experience I ever had in USA. The cashier throw his face on us and slammed the drawer. When I was asking for a seal he just throw that to us.And we had done nothing wrong since we entered the office!!why!\nDon't go to this office dudes!!
I was extremely happy with Red Seven. Their customer service is above average and they fixed my problem at a very reasonable price. Turn around time was quick and exactly as promised. Nolan was extremely knowledgeable and very pleasant to work with. I would highly recommend this company. A big thank you to Yelp because the reviews by others were very helpful.
one word. racist.
Bland but good prices.
Nacho supreme, Carne Asada burrito, and fiesta burrito  very good as always excellent food as always.
I love this place. They have a great salmon blt that I get without the 'b'. Their waffle fries are killer - they'll do a mushroom cap burger that is REALLY good. Annnd bruschetta is really good there. \n\nGood service and good food. Nothing to dislike.
We use to go to this location before the name change and it was excellent, but now I have to agree with the review below, the meat is over cooked and while the salad bar has great selection, it just doesn't taste good.
We used them for a special cake for a big open house party. The cake was the darkest chocolate with butter creme with salted Carmel frosting. The finest and most beautiful cake ever. The store is beautiful and Cisco was so helpful and talented. They are simply the best!
Eh. Coffee was gross. Waiter got my order wrong (which he never wrote down). Service wasn't that great and food was crap. Rather go somewhere else. \n\nOn the plus side...Military discount..but not much.
I never leave reviews but this food was so terrible I threw all $40 worth in the garbage. In 32 years its by far the worst food I have ever tried.
Best place to get food late nights the Pho is really good and always fresh and the orange chicken and sweet and sour chicken are pretty good to.
I love it here. Everything I've ever gotten was delish. The food comes out fast and the people are super friendly. Only reason I gave 4 stars is because the parking is horrendous because it's near ice den.
Not too bad for brunch.\nIt was good, but not AMAZING good.\nInteresting interior decoration.
Always fantastic food always fantastic service. \nTravis is a Fantastic Chef, and Brian and Bo are fantastic managers who always make you feel like your the most important people in the place. \nThis is my favorite restaurant.
Absolutely one of the best nail spas around. Super clean and professional. We had amazing customer service and felt so special the entire time! Would recommend this place to anyone. Great decor too!
Small and cozy diner atmosphere. Good friendly customer service. Burgers and fries are really good. I will be visiting this place often to get my hamburger fix!
This has to be the best place on the strip to get your gourmet burger fix.  I have been coming to Stripburger for years & i have never been disappointed with their food and service. I highly recommend the cheesy fries.
Sooo fresh and yummy. A little on the expensive side for the price of one donut ($1). I'm used to them being 50 cents each at certain places but its the closest to me so I put up with it.
The location looks questionable but they have VERY delicious pho. The place is clean, the staff are friendly and the food is yummy.
I had the baby back ribs here and got major food poisoning. I spent the rest of the night in my hotel room feeling like crap. They were pricy and not even that good. This place is just too overrated.
You get what you pay for. Nothing is super fresh. Seating was okay, drink service was friendly. Other patrons were loud, lots of\nkids. Not really somewhere I'd go again or recommend to others.
Very polite but extremely SLOW!!!!!  The slogan is\"freaky fast\" but that is definitely not the case at this location.
Went to pick up pizzas one night and walked in to an employee shoving cheese into his mouth...with his bare hands. It was disgusting and he knew he was caught. Contacted corporate and the manager and no response. Terrible service and disgusting atmosphere. Go else where.
Awesome place to have a dinner with friends and family, great wings 2!
We went here because we had a voucher for it, but I wouldn't return. The texture of the noodles were a bit off and the soup was not flavourful.
Booked car rental thru Orbitz at PHX airport with hotel combo. Dollar had my reservation as soon as I walked up to the desk, like within about 15 min (time it took me to catch the free shuttle to rental car area.) No problems at all, simple checkin, nice & clean.
I had the worst experience of my life trying to ship something through this guy.\nHe made me wait for 5 minutes in the lobby while he finished up his phone call.\nHe then proceeded to try to charge me $29 for a very small item to ship.\nPlease avoid this place!!!
Been here many times and it's always the same. Slow, confused service. I only go back because other Cave Creek bars aren't much better. Now with Oregano's opening I don't see myself coming back to Harold's anytime soon.
Great food and the service was pretty quick as well.  We had a party of 10 and everyone enjoyed their meals and drinks.  Can't wait to go there again!!
This place is alright.  It's a nice place to chill with a small group over some dessert.  I had the famous frozen hot chocolate.  It was good and I enjoyed it, but really it's pretty much just a glamorized frappucino.\n\nA-OK
Great price (duh) and they are super fast. I've never waited longer than 5 minutes to get in and grab some food. Nice folks behind the counter, too.
Great place especially if you bring the whole clan and get the meat and veg combo plates to share. Very nice server as well. Lemoncello cake was the only disappointment, just a basic lemon cake.
Can beat the place. Food served with heart. Clean place. Go for it. You can't be disappointed. All Good.
By far the best shooting range I've ever been to. Facility is top-notch, staff are nice and knowledgeable, great selection of merchandise.
First trip to Vegas, and had no issues here! Will def be back!
A big disappointment! The kimchi selection was pathetic, the service was slow and impersonal, and the food are over priced for the quality. Will never go back there again.
Place is a joke. A girl turned me away at 11:55pm. They close at 12am and I  just needed a gallon of milk 20ft inside the door. I'll go to safeway across the street from now on. It's nicer there anyhow.
I hadn't seen a dentist in over a year since I was new to the area. The process was extremely simple, they got me in right away and the dentist cleaned my teeth! Typically it's a dental assistant which I don't I mind at all, but the attention they provide to new patients is top notch!
I love BB!!! Grew up on it in the Midwest. Love the bacon scallion cc on an everything bagel. I also really like the onion & chive cc on a salt bagel. They have great iced tea. Their location is not ideal bc parking is limited.
Large portions, great service, great place to get dressed up & share a date night with your loved one.
Customer service is terrible. Coming here on graveyard the lign takes for ever.  They should have more people working and managers on duty that are on the floor not hideing in there office. When a team member needs them they are looking around for a manager.
Fresh food. The Devils scramble is really good. Egg, chorizo, peppers. Just the HOT if you like it spicy.
Great food, its affordable and the burgers taste awesome! I also loved how polite the staff was!
My FAVORITE Chinese place ever. It's fancier (and a little pricier) than your average take-out place, but wow. Outstanding food.
They have a great crew working here. Range is always clean. I'm here once a week.
I have been coming here for at least 7 years and I will keep coming back. I love the staff and I have been happy with my pedicures and eyebrow waxing.
Andy took great care of my truck, the install was professional and.sounds great.\nHis price was 200$+ less than the same exact Pioneer deck quoted to me at Audio Express..\nThanks Again, Andy.
Just walked out. One worker not acknowledging our presence as he walks in the back room. The only other worker spending over 30 mins on a 3 length cut for a minimal hair customer. And I assuming a manager who walks in coordinating schedules.   Finally walked out. Been to many well organized and run Supercuts, this is not one of them.
Rude & uninformed staff.   Sales girl did not know what an insurance appraisal was.
Just wanted to let everyone know that Sylvia's is now a wait-to-be-seated, order-at-your-table restaurant.  They are still working out some kinks -- as in, training waiters to be actual waiters. But, the food is still great!
My buddy took me to this place, I had some sliders and a couple hot dogs, The sliders are very simular to white castle's and I wasn't very impressed with the dogs but it was fairly cheap and you got a lot of food. Fun little location. I did buy a shirt haha.
Just went here for the first time and will now be faithfully getting my eye brows done here! Malika is amazing and the sweetest lady ever! She took her time on my eye brows and fixed them up perfectly. Not only is she talented but she is also warm and welcoming. Great service!
By far the best guacamole we've ever had.  Excellent food.  Remarkable service.  The manager came over to check on us.  \n\nVery conveniently located (across the street from Wynn).  Not too busy either.
Called the dealership  and schedule for  an oil change automatically Jonathan scheduled me. Arrived at the dealership, lots of waiting customers its a good thing I was scheduled for  an appointment.
Have gone multiple times. Bad service. Should not cost that much for such quality.
Nasty!! Left early couldn't take it. Cigarette buns in the blanket. Water dripping all night because the faucet had corrosion.  Flat pillows. Old bed with no support! Gross pool and hot tub. All round gross. They should be shut down!
No consistency, sometimes service is great, but lately I've left with sloppy manicures and pedicures.  I'm going elsewhere, not worth the headache when you're trying to treat yourself.
My favorite place in Pittsburgh! The crispy  tofu there is so amazing! My next best dish is the thakkali curry.. The drinks specially the Asian plum sangria is fantastic.. Love the ambience! It's like a place in New York. Good veggie options.
Came to Nosh for coffee and croissants this morning. Coffee is decent. My dad was eating his scone and when he pulled it apart to take a bite.. He saw a bug crawling from inside.. Interesting.
Come here for the view - it's like no other in Vegas! The atmosphere was decent enough and it was a good place for a group of us to grab a few drinks.
Best Chinese food around! Good prices, excelent service...
I popped in on a whim to grab something for breakfast. The chocolate croissants (pain au chocolat as I know them) are of the best I've had in this country, Highly recommended.\n\nService was great too.
This (their Poutine) is one of the best things I have ever eaten in my entire life. I've been to about a dozen countries...
This is an entertainment experience, not a historical tour of the dungeons of Edinburgh.  It was reasonable entertaining, but we thought we paid for something more educational in nature.  I would spend my entertainment dollars elsewhere.
The food is expensive, and the service was mediocre.  It's like going to a mediocre noodle shop in Chinatown, but with (a much) heftier check because of the decor and location.
Sat at the bar. They provided wonderful service, and food was correct to order. Cheap burgers from 5 - 7pm!!! Mature people that work there.
Food is great. Staff was unfriendly. Went to pick up a pizza, walked in had 4 staff members sit and talk to each other while I waited for someone to acknowledge me. I say loudly \"I am here for a pick up\" and I have to get the pizza box myself before someone comes over for me to pay.
This is your stop if you want real food. Real fresh Asian food. Try it and you'll understand I recommend b4.
This was the worst food we have ever eaten in Las Vegas! The margaritas were weak and too sweet. We will not be back.
Ate here on a Sunday afternoon. Nice clean place, friendly staff & good food. Our waitress was excellent. She put a rush in another customer's order so they would not be late for their flight that afternoon. \n\nHad a burger & fries. The Shoestring fries are awesome!
Just go, probably the best cirque show I have seen. Awesome
Great takeout for dinner tonight. The scallop nilgiri kurma is delicious. I also had the garlic naan which on its own was a little bland but great for dipping into the curry sauce from my meal.
they basically have your average hot dog stuff with one exception....their chilli is pretty rad so make sure to get it on the dog of your choice....i got mine with chilli, nacho cheese, jalapenos, onions, mustard, and no regrets
I appreciated the talent, but The 39 Steps had too much \"nudge nudge wink wink\" humor without ever really being funny
From the moment Dave walked up to help, I knew he understood my helmet needs, fit, and concerns. All the staff made us feel welcome and appreciated, for that matter. Because they are all motorcyclists, they know their helmets, and are enthusiastic, to boot. Thank you!
It was a great experience and what an excellent job Nick has done! Nick is very professional and he knows exactly what you want. It took about an hour and he shot about 100 pics for me in different angles and poses. It was a professional studio with all the necessary equipments including lights and backgrounds. Five stars and good job Nick!
Service crew is very slow.
fantastic nachos and gyro. very trendy place, feels like Seattle.
Love quality hair stylist don't get no better. Tiffany is the only one I let touch my hair, I'd refer anyone to her
Like any other buffet. Lots of variety to choose from, but food quality was not five stars worthy!
Went to dinner last night with friends. Food and waitstaff were awesome. I highly suggest the Tangerine Man drink. I will definitely be back.
Great spot to get off the Strip and unwind.  Menu is unique, food was very good and the atmosphere was like a good massage.
Stopped in for lunch last week. Excellent service and excellent meal. They have the new Coke fountain that I love. Stop in and check them out! \nI had the steak and cheese sub. Had a great conversation with the manager and several employees.
Shabu shabu. Boiled meat. Boiled vegetables. Really...would you even do this at home? Flavorless.
Try the lamb filet mignon! The deserts are simply awesome too! It's as good as it gets.
They are very friendly and truly love dogs.  They do a great job on our shih tzu.  I highly recommend them as a pet groomer.
I dont think I will go here again. The menu is pretty slim, the cuban sandwich was on bread that was not firm enough and they used processed cheese. The service was good it was just not good food for me.
Saw a guy smoking in the car while delivering pizza in my neighborhood. Called and spoke to a manager, who says this is ok and that ALL delivery drivers are allowed to smoke. \n\nI respect the fact that people have the right to smoke, just not in a car while delivering food..GROSS!!
Loved the Kale salad. Kale is popular where I am from, but the person I brought along was staring at the dish, initially. When she ate it, she actually liked it. Love the presentation. Had a great sandwich as well, good  enough to share. Nice location as well
All you can eat shrimp Thursdays was perfect for my man with big appetite! He chose cajun and lemon pepper and was pleased. I opted for blackened chicken pasta. The chicken was a little dry but pasta was flavorful. Ambience was perfect for late dinner wine date :)
This place is very spacious and the price is very reasonable. I like this storage place, because it's nearby and has easy access whenever I need it.
I just passed by this morning...it's back in business
The guys who work here are great, the comics stay on the shelf for a long time so you don't have to pay for them bagging and boarding. With their subscription service you save %20 off the cover prices. I would strongly recommend this place to anyone looking for comics in the Charlotte area.
They offer sushi at this location, but I would not recommend it. The Chinese chicken salad is amazing, but I was not impressed with the hand rolls. \nService was ok.
I do not recommend Korean dishes at this place. Some people say they are okay but the quality and taste are not consistent. I suggest you should try one of udons they have or pork cutlet.
Next time you order a drink and it comes in a glass.  Ask to have it put in a Styrofoam cup. A cocktail waitress brought me a drink with lipstick still on the glass {gross}.
IT's small, they gave me wet sandals, lighting's meh. My facial was great ! My only complaint was the size of the facility and the overall look. I'd go back to Luxor's spa instead.
First of all, good luck trying to get an appointment scheduled; not convenient - had to wait a week and a half to get an appointment.  Then NO CALL NO SHOW!  Did not return my phone calls; made no attempt to resolve or reschedule.
This place is amazing!  The food is always great and the owner is always  so pleasant.  Try the different flavored mimosas...we love the blood orange.  If you like crepes, this place is a must!
Great little hole in the wall bar.  They have Karaoke which was a lot of fun.. Stiff drinks and the most interesting and diverse crowd I have ever seen in Madison.
Went there once the only good thing about is the salad bar. Chicken salad was horrible and the steak wasn't even cooked on the grill
Got a seafood Pho soup with rice noodles. It was tasty, but they were really stingy on the meat for the prices they are charging!
Drive thru is pretty fast. Employees are attentive. They get our orders correctly everytime we ate there. Clean. Marko is good respectable man he works the drive thru window. You cant pay for kindness but all the employees are kind show appreciation people
I really like the green tea mochi!  So delicate and fresh!! sweet buns were soft and delicious too!  Plus s'il vous pla\u00eet ?
Woefully understaffed.  One bartender and one server for the whole restaurant. \nLeft hungry and thirsty.
awesome as always
Delicious ribs and pulled pork. Great service and free refills of homemade iced tea. \nNot very expensive for what you get. \nI will definitely go back again. Cute interior. Limited seating but it seemed like most people got takeaway. \nMust try.
I admit my spouse is a bigger fan, but the food is fresh and authentic in style. We go often as the lighter fare is a nice break from traditional american cuisine.\n\nThey regularly have coupons in the val packs which arrive in the mail monthly making a full meal out hard to resist.
This place sucks. \n\nOver priced. Sub par quality food. But the subs have cute pot related names and there's posters on the wall, so let's deal with it.
had a terrible haircut and will never go to anyone else.\nstay with cynthia, she knows how to cut hair and she listen to what you want.
Excellent quality bar food plus the more elevated stuff is good too. Good sized beer menu. Definitely my favorite place in Champaign-Urbana for outdoor dining and drinking. \n\nMy favorites: Turkey pita, sweet potato fries, whatever the \"special\" hamburger is
Great motivating and supportive environment.  Emphasis on your own personal best and overall fitness.  Loved the stairs!
zowie bowie really knows how to get the crowd goin and they sound awesome!!!\n\nprops to 'em!
We have used AZ Elite  several times for bringing us to and from the airport and they are always awesome. Clean cars, always cold bottled waters, professional drivers. They even took us down to Tucson and back to attend a UofA football game and it was an amazing time. Highly recomnended
Absolutely horrid. Save your money. \nService is non existent \n......never going to this place again. Escalator should be one way only and the tram station should be an evacuation portal.  No stars for you.
Bacon bloody Mary nuf said
Very fun laid back atmosphere! Had the bleu burger, soooo good! Service was awesome! Love it here! Great music too!  Bye bye miss American Pie!
The fries are really good.  The turkey sandwich was creative and big, but the processed turkey slices didn't quite cut it, whatever they use for the bun was way too small, and they didn't mix enough dried cranberries with the mayo.  It was good and filling, but nothing to write home about.
Very nice facility and everyone is pleasant. Plenty of dining options and gaming choices. Will definitely stay there again!
I like Panera more than this place.  Their menu is not that extensive and the ambiance was just drab.  I had the chicken noodle soup which was mediocre at best.
Everyone in this office is wonderful... Sharon is our favorite... We simply love here... Daisy at the front is always polite and friendly.. Dr. Hansen is very personable and treats us fabulous...
Once again we brought family in from Los Angeles and they went crazy for the Stand Burgers and Short rib Tacos!   We washed it down with the chocolate chili shakes!
My BMW was rear-ended and in need of a new trunk, bumper, and side paneling. After doing some thorough research I decided to go with Scott's Coach Works and could not have been happier. The staff was very friendly, and they kept me informed with the process the whole time. I would definitely recommend SCW!
We had such a great time on the patio!  The food was wonderful and the service perfect.  Would recommend this place in a heart beat.
I was very impressed the service last night! The cashier was friendly, quick and welcoming.
Went there today and it was wonderful.  The food was great, atmosphere awesome and ambiance  excellent.
Although they were closing up, they were nice enough to let us stay and eat.  They have the best macaroni salad in Las Vegas.  Big portions and great service.
One of my favorite places to go eat!!!   Absolutely love the fish taco!  Chicken Tacitos are great for appetizers!  Make sure to get guacamole on the side.
Terrible customer service.  Have been going here for many years and will not return.
Great staff.  Very knowledgeable about their services.  The prices for my front brakes was awesome! $144 out the door and was finished in just over an hour.
OK but would not choose it over other great restaurants in the area. Portions are good, but the food did not taste fresh the taquitos, were dripping from lard just not appealing.
Great neighborhood sports bar!! Price is right, lots of drink specials. If you like playing pool or darts this place is for you.
Belinda is the best eyebrow artist in the Valley! I always know I will walk out of there w/ terrific looking eyebrows and some great tips on how to keep them looking their best! Love her!
Relaxed ambiance; decent food; reasonable prices; very good service; wifi-warrior friendly. Watch out for big crowds on weekends and holidays. Highly recommended.
Angel at the front desk made my trip. She was so helpful and friendly. She went out of her way to go above and beyond.
Pretty basic casino for locals.   Sports book, bingo, slots and tables.  A bit smokey but not too bad.
Finally stayed here - awesome! Great room and great view!
Pretty cool looking restaurant giving you that outdoor cafe feel inside the Paris Casino.  That is about the only good thing I can say.  Service was slow.  Snail slow.  Food was less than adequate. I had better meals at fast food joints.  Meal was costly.  I guess you live and learn.  I will not return.
Best Korean restaurant in Las Vegas, I am half korean and lived in korea for 6 years and this place tastes like home. The food tastes great and the staff is always fast and efficient. I am very happy with this place and take all my family and friends here if they wanna taste real authentic korean food.
The lady at the Bar was beyond Rude I drove a half hour to eat at a restaurant that a friend told me about at work and I didn't even order because her service was so terrible and I know it has nothing to do with the hands that prepare the food but the experience was terrible.
I am so upset about the experience I had once I left this place.  My stomach was destroyed for a full day almost immediately after I finished my meal here.\n\nI really liked the food and everything about this place.  Unfortunately, I will not be having their Mahi Mahi tacos ever again :(
Best coleslaw of my life.  The pork sandwich was a little dry but they give you a cup of their homemade BBQ sauce which was really good.
Have used this numerous times and always prompt - way easier than driving and parking on my own.  Highly recommend this service\n\n\n\n\n\n#Supershuttlewin
Tried it for the first time today.  Yelp has never failed me and this was no different. The owner was super friendly and welcoming. The everything bagel with cream cheese and sliced lox was awesome.  Will definitely be back.
Don't get the hype here. Ordered the popular chicken fried steak and ended up smothering it with tabasco sauce and salt to add some flavor to the gravy. Sweet cream pancakes were decent. The orange juice was too sour but the coffee was good.
What the heck! We tried going here for lunch today, they were closed. Their hours posted said that they should have been open at 11, but no, kinda sucks cause we were excited to do something different.\n\nMaybe we'll try again soon.
Have been here a couple times, and always enjoy myself. Lots of great fish and animals to see. Lots of places to sit and relax and watch the fish swim by. Can be pretty short if you don't stop to take time to observe all of the aquatic life there is to see.
I've been here a few times and I must say that I'm enjoying it more more after I go there each time. The prices are little high, but I do understand, because it's all made fresh and healthy and that's the best part!
We just tried to eat at takara. I say try because we walked out after waiting 80 minutes for our food. Horrible service.
Lara was the best.  Incredible customer service.  Thank you for picking up slack for some other PB locations.
This is a great place to go for above average bar food. The Mac and cheese is delicious and they have multiple varieties. Their food menu is also available all night. They're beer selection is hard to beat with 50 beers on tap. The service is good and they do have video poker at the bar.
This place is terrible.  I just moved to laveen and was craving some fried rice. The reviews were high so I tried it. Big mistake.  The food was over cooked and lacked flavor.  I tried 2 sushi rolls, gyoza, and rice...what a waste!
not bad.  not great.  But it worked for me.
Went here on Tuesday for a buddy's birthday. Food and service were killer. Definitely recommend.
Meh. Kind do disappointed. Burgers and curly fries tasted good, but everything was just warm. If I could have microwaved everything to heat it up, I would probably give two more stars.
I guess it is just standard place... Not impressed  at all. Ordered Greek omelette, it came without any flavor. I do it better at home! Ok, checked first time, no reason to come here again...
Good grilled cheese for the kids and hush puppies. Good pork sandwich but not so crazy about the bbq sauce! :-)
Good tacos.
Best Mexican in town!!!!  They also have the most amazing salsa!!!  Great place for Mexican food!!!
Chicken Empanadas=Delish!!! \nGotta try them! I wasn't very fond of the beef :p\n\nI heart their Ube (purple yam) cake! Delish....moist...the best!
Super fun nerd store with comic books, some games, and fun gifts.  It is unusually clean with really nice salespeople.  They also have fun events periodically.
The sushi here is pedestrian. Really basic stuff. Tempura seems to be their gimmick.
It's Monday at 9am and they are not open for breakfast like their sign says. \"Daily 6-10am\"
We paid a $20 premium per person to skip the fucking line and are still waiting after an hour in line.  Don't give a fuck how good food is not coming back
$$$$$$ for two small tacos?!?!\nsure they taste good but no thank you
Susan is the best I love her and this nail place is awesome been coming for more then a year and I won't go any place else
Good club, great music, long lines, a friend hooked it up so we didn't have to wait.  Ladies, if you don't have a table ,wear comfortable shoes, men get the table so your ladies can sit.  I swear I think my feet would have been more blistered and bloody if I couldn't sit.
Pros\nChips and salsa\n2 for 1 yard drink coupons\nLocation\n\nCons\nBad wait service\nFood\nStingy with outside seating (even if you're their only patrons)\nExpensive
Overpriced food and just OK service. They have a denny's downstairs..maybe a better bet..
The best ballpark I've visited. Great food selection and quality. Not a bad seat in the house. Beautiful views of the river. All this park needs is for the Pirates to win more!
Daria is the best bartender!!!!
so far just tried their napolitana pepperoni pizza. good. real greasy but it's a pizza with pepperoni slices. i've ordered pizza twice & will review the other foods when tried.
love this place. i came here twice visiting from dallas and it has not disappointed me. a nice place to take your family for some great filipino food (at good costs) and some formal dining experience.
The worst ER ever! Rude and nasty staff. I'm left sitting for 5 hours with a dislocated shoulder! No pain meds NOTHING! Do not come here
Nice, hipster, downtown ambiance :) I had a burger and beer at the bar and I would definitely come back for that!
dont eat here!\n\nonly drink here!\n\nand only if you are not in a hurry bc the  service is awful.
Food was ok the burritos come with just meat nothing else. So if you order the chicken burrito you are going to get a tortilla filled with shredded chicken. Their floutas were good I would go back for them especially with their salsa.
Gorgeous dancers, great drinks, but if you're a gay man coming for the male strippers don't expect to get much attention from their boys. Save your money and go to a better  venue.
I've enjoyed everything I've had here.  I especially appreciate the range of vegetarian options.  The garlic knots are a family favorite!
I have been to this location multiple times and every time the service is horrendous and the food is mediocre. Not sure if the location being in a mall has to do with it, but stay away unless you are really disparate for some grub.
Veg spring rolls, Hot&Sour soup,were good. \nMapu tofu was the best!!...\n\nService was good and quick.
Highly mediocre food.
Had great breakfast for my sister's bridal shower brunch with even better service from Donna or waitress!! Thanks for a very memorable day!!
Clean, organized; Halloween toys are on sale!
The staff nice & helpful for the most part. The Hail Kale salad was very very tasty & side potato salad with sweet & red potatoes was tasty too. I would go back again & maybe have some of their beer selection.
Great food & entertainment.  Fabulous Drag  shows with.Kiki Vermont Andrews.  Mondays $5 Martins and Manicures and Pizzas
Freddy was extremely skilled, knowledgable and funny. My water heater needed replacing and he came out immediately. I had to leave for a few minutes and felt comfortable leaving him at my home. I came back and boom.. Had a new working water heater. The price was very reasonable as well! Will definitely call again for future fixes
Great feel, good food best humus ever. A little on the pricey side but I will be back
The chicken schwarma is awesome!  Filling and very affordable. My boyfriend and I got the same tHing and a large drink, came out to 13 bucks. \nAlways looks dead though, seems like they don't get as much business. Which is crazy cause its delishhh
Here on business and absolutely love this place. Funky art and entertainment... Great staff and the ability to buy wine or beer while watching a great movie. The Filmbar is a worthy experience while in the Phoenix area.
This place is awesome.  I love the Reuben and always get some quality beer they brew themselves.
This is our second time here in four days. The food has been great, the music is very chill, beer is cold on hot Vegas days. The only reason for the four of five stars is the service has been unfriendly for both for both visits. However we will return in the future. Hope this helps.
Like someone else said...it should be called the Sux-or!\n\nThey need to update this place.  Its kinda rundown once you get out of the lobby.  Its also on the far end of the strip so you have a nice little walk if you wanna go anywhere.
Cute mix of homemade and garage sale finds fill the space with stuff to look at.\n\nFun stop in the middle of thrift and antiquing.\n\nFood is \"good diner\" cuisine.\n\nWe will be back.
Well, Taco Bell is Taco Bell. The service here sucks. You have to remember to ask for hot sauce up front. If you don't you won't get any. If you ask after they give you your bag they get all mad. It's like you asked them to walk 5 miles to get some.
Their tomatoe soup is my fav! Along with the Chicken Lime Cilantro Salad. Soooo guud!!
It's not often I can walk into a store and find my favorite Coconut Water!!  Now I'm a fan of Freddie's.  And Freddie is a cool guy, too.
Good for a quick food or liquor run, but ghetto by Cali grocery store standards. Needs a makeover. Extra star for convenience.
Came here for my birthday yesterday, i was not impressed AT ALL.The staff at the Spring Mtn locations are more personable and perky than these ppl, i just didnt get the awesome vibe that i usually get at the othr locations
Food was great and service was absolutely awesome!  Best ever!  Thanks Lauren!
Since 1985 Great wall has focused on quality and great food. I live about 30 min away now and still come here to eat. Passing at least 10 other Chinese restaurants.
Fresh Sushi\nGreat Price\nSuper fast service.\n\nMy only complain is that they are packed on the weekends and the place is small. Expected at least an hour wait!!!!!!
Dr. Wittenberg was friendly, professional and awesome! His office staff was really nice as well. Made having a broken foot a lot less awful. Highly recommend to anyone who needs a podiatrist in the area!
As good as it gets, fast service, excellent pricing.  A destination when we are visiting the Phoenix area.
this place is kinda bittersweet, the facility seems fine for the dogs but customer service is so low, it's frustrating
I absolutely love this place.  The owner Shane knows his sh!t!  I walk in and tell them how I'm feeling and bam, boom! There's a nice healthy drink to get me through the day within minutes sitting in my hand.  I feel great after leaving this place.  Please go there and support this great local business.
This place is so bland. Great location, but the food and drinks are dull and consistently disappointing. Additionally, their remodel with the new outdoor patio furniture is tacky. I like bingo night, but the prizes could be better. Overall, this place is major \"meh\"...
Pretty fountains... water movement to music.\n\nLooks delightful and sounds nice.\n\nIt is FREE entertainment in Vegas!
Awesome Pho, Egg rolls & service'
After visiting several vapor shops I found the E-juice i have been looking for.  There selections are all made to order and they will make custom orders if they have the flavor to make it.  The atmosphere is a cross between a very casual local bar with very friendly people and your friends house.
Amazing BBQ, best definitely in Champaign/Urbana area. It's pricey but definitely worth every penny. Would recommend getting the burnt ends.
Not sure - why the bad reviews - good and creative pizza, friendly staff,  nice ambience, full bar, convenient location downtown.  What's not to like?
Not a fan of Apple but will say that this store is better than the one at Scottsdale Quarter.   Less Apple peeps at this one just standing there looking cool doing nothing! The guys/gals I have used for training have been decent, not amazing but have tried to be helpful.
Read the mixed reviews and decided to try it out. I had the chicken vindaloo brown rice bowl. It was pretty good and definitely very spicy. The naan was great too.
Horrible showers, but nice folks.
Truly terrible food, awful quality and full of deadly sodium!\n\nWayne Gorsek
Unfriendly staff,  food less than average, tables dirty despite just being bussed and the bussers seem lost as you watch them try and clear tables.  For a day that was not especially busy I expected better and the price they charge I really expected better quality food.  We won't be returning here.
Excellent care. The teams in A 3 are Top Shelf. From the cleaning crew to aides to nurses to room service to midnight vampires to doctors, everyone was fabulous. Always cheerful, kind, warm, gentle hands and hearts and good ear.
Found them on Groupon for a bachelorette party. They were fun, patient and professional about the event. We all had a great time! If I lived in Vegas, I'd try to go for lessons so I could get my feet up there!
I was disappointed in the small selection... maybe this is why it's not called the King of Sandwich.  The prices were reasonable for the strip, the sandwich was okay, but not worth recommending.
We came here for our anniversary, and they made us a special dessert just for that. Was a special evening we'll never forget.
Very good hotdogs
well, pinnacle continues to hit home runs for us.  We love this place.  When Dawn can be our server it is extra nice.  I don't know how she does it.  She runs the place for the owner like a well oiled machine.\nandy and annie gervase
AZ 88 is a good starting spot for a night out. I like to grab a drink and a bite to eat and then head out for the night. Staff is friendly and attentive, never had any problems. Great atmoshere , the DJ can be hit or miss.
The food was mediocre! If someone asked for a place to eat in Vegas I probably wouldn't recommend this place unless you don't mind bland food and semi ok service.
My favourite buffet on the strip! It is absolutely delicious and worth the price. So much variety in food and amazing quality. Wouldn't come to Vegas without missing on a meal here.
SO good.  and good prices.  I loved, and recommend, the red velvet ice on top of the full fat vanilla custard.  Delicious!  And for taking home - try their Oreo custard cookie sandwiches.  I demolished my whole pack within a week.
Okay I've been to Thailand,  cooked Thai food \nProfessionally and eaten  since 1985... This place rocks. Great Tom ka gai,  and some of the more unique Thai dishes. Very much worth it.
A class act joint.  Good people, great sushi, especially the dam jumper roll.  Great place to go for a glass of wine to wind down or for a bite to eat before you head out for the night.  Best sushi in town. You won't be disappointed!
Totally disappointed - over priced and they were totally put out that we arrived 20 minutes prior to closing.  Sorry, but if you are open when we get there, it's still business for you.
I had an amazing experience here. Not only did I get a great wash, I had one of the best customer service experiences with Elijah. I'm typically not loyal to any car wash, but because is Elijah's customer service, I'll be coming back here often.
We went here for Thanksgiving. I was neither impressed with the quality of the food (particularly the main dish, which was the turkey) nor the service. The side dishes were delicious, but the turkey was undercooked and lacked flavor.
Suites are very large. However, you can hear everything going on outside and thru the bearing walls in each bedroom. I had to turn the fan on and insert earplugs to attempt and drown it out. Aaargh.
When I'm in Vegas, I always make a point of stopping at Sammy's. the balasamic grilled chicken salad is out-of-this-world. And don't forget the big messy sundae to top off all those greens at the end of your meal. \n\nGood stuff!!
Love this place. The tour keeps me coming back with over a hundred beers to choose from! Food is not the greatest but the atmosphere is worth it.
Meh, it was okay. Not the best food ever but not terrible
Food has gone downhill vs when they opened about 4 yrs ago. Prices went waaaay up, attitude of wait staff is off the chart arrogant and they are a seriously disfunctional crew. Everything there is pasta for entrees. Not good if you want to avoid carbs. I will not return.
I love a good falafel!
Place needs some work to be done. But overall I get excellent service here during the late hours after a night at the disco! Hasnt let me down yet!
This is one of the classiest, hipster-ish places in Edinburgh ... The decor is great, very vintage/ bohemian and demonstrates extraordinary attention to detail. Prices are a bit steep, but special cocktails are great! I've never had a problem finding seats, but it's never dead either .
Wonderful food and an amazing addition to our community!
Very rude, unprofessional,
I've been there only once but the place is actually pretty small and the crowd is pretty young (around 18-20). \n\nThe entrance fee seems rather high for the place.
The food was great and reasonably priced for Vegas.   The ribeye was perfection.  Adrienne did a great job and the staff accommodated allergies with grace.   Go here!
The food was good nothing to go crazy over they did however bring out a bean dip with the salsa that was very good & different from most places. The decour was fitting for a mexican restaurant
Definitely my favorite pizza place in Madison. Very fast, and every time I go in, all the employees are enthusiastic and make amazing pizza! Smokey the Bandit and their Mac N Cheese pizzas are the best by far! If you are trying to go on a Friday or Saturday night, beware of the long lines!
Looking for cheap sushi? You'll get it here, in terms of portions, quality, preparation... everything but price. This evidently is what happens when Koreans sell Japanese food prepared by Latinos with a total emphasis on cost-per-serving control. All in all, this is a must miss.
Used to really like this place. But just came here and sat for 40 minutes and no one ever came up to us. Got up and left. Huge disappoint.
Drove 35 miles to have their Walleye fish & chips.  Guess what?  They didn't have it. \"Oh, you're the second person today who wanted the fish & chips, but we don't have it today.  Sorry.\" I'm sorry too. I won't be back.
Returned to this place and still love it!! I decided I would love it more if they had normal happy hours. The HH begins at 8? Strange. We would go more often if it began at 4 or 5 and lasted until 6 or 7. Just a thought.
$24.99 for brunch.   Food was soso, I expect much better from Mandalay Bay...
Great Thai food - ambiance is great, good service, great food!
was just what i needed, love the spice
Old guy with bad knees rporting in.  This park is not great if youre looking for lots of vert action, or bowl runs..very wide open with lots of flat and corners and hips.  Fun to skate--definitely more street style.
waste my money. the shrimp and grits were the worst I ever had. You can tell it was a can product. The crab cake, taste was ok.  The first time had it served with no sauce at all.  The French toast sticks were a little hard around the end crust. The Sunday brunch had a good menu, but fail short on taste
Worst. Fucking. Place. EVER.\n\nWalked in with a Romo jersey after the Cowboys won, the bartender yelled at his buddies at the bar Homo. AMERICA, the.land of the free.
Went there on  a quite Sunday night, shared a different number of appetizers, not very impressed with the execution. It was just ok, i guess i was expecting a lot better considering the good reviews and the high prices.
The buzz was minimal to non-existent, even with the extra shot of liquor for $5. You'll get diabetes before you'll get hammered.\n\nA pathetic knockoff of Fat Tuesday at a designer price.
Delicious Chinese food!  I had the Trio of shrimp, scallops & chicken and all food was very fresh and wasn't salty like other Chinese restaurants.  The servers were very  polite and this was a wonderful experience and will definitely go back!
I just booked 4 nights at the quad @ $15.40 per night....At that price, I don't care if its a broom closet.
Taco Bell is good. \n\nCheap\nQuick\nFriendly\n\nMary the older lady here might be the coolest person ever working in fast food. She is one cool lady.
Let's see. My appt was at 8am,I was called back at 8:56am, and didn't see a doctor till 9:10a A 60$ copay for the visit and a prescription the same price.. I'm kinda a big deal and my time is valuable. Thanks for wasting it.
Too salty.  Server was interruptive to our conversation.  Manager was also interruptive and checked in 4 times.  Don't you trust your employees?
Very Very Slow! Not a lot there to draw in the crowds except Blu Martini.
Used to be the best in town but they aren't. So sad. They keep messing up my order and I order the same thing every time.
cheap suds, pool, darts, and apparently karaoke on wednesday nights.   next time i'm in pgh, i'll be stopping back here
always good
Just like Munich... love their good and brewed German beer. Eat and drink in the beer hall, the beer gardens with German music and atmosphere...our fine in quietness in the dining hall. Love this place.
This diner offers an unexpectedly large number of vegetarian options, including a fantastic \"Sheldon\" sandwich--their veggie analog to the Rueben.  Fresh hot fries would have nudged this rating to five stars.
Worse club ever. They advetisted  free drinks for ladies but was not true then once got inside there was nobody in there. Dance floor was empty.  Go somewhere else
New bbq place in st. laurent  is really good at a really good price i cant decided wich place a i like the most blackstrap or diablos they both are awesome!!!
This is the best sushi in Las Vegas, I love all the creativity involved. You can't go wrong with regular sushi or sashimi orders but try the Madai Midori. :P
Closed on Sundays? Automatic low rating.   Some people have to work weekends, and it's frustrating to walk up to a place while you're hungry and have to turn around.  If the company doesn't have a national policy of being closed on Sundays,  then you should be open.
Pros: Hearty food, big portions, reasonable wait, pleasant friendly service. \n\nA good place to bring anyone who might be into planes as the front tables (inside or patio) offer a partial view of the runway.\n\nCons: NOISY & food could have been hotter (cool potatoes ).
Today was the first time ordering from this place and let me tell you....the food was very YUMMY!!!!!!!!
Horrible Halloween experience, really bad organization, sleazy bouncers literally taking bids for the highest amount, no one accountable for anything!\njust WOW guys, get it together!
The original BevMo in the valley, if memory serves me well here.  Selection is better than some of the other locations and service has never been a problem for me.  Convenient location not far off the I-10 on the north side of the road.
Omg I just got the spinach calizone and it was so flipping good.  Perfect size for one person. Cant wait to try something else on the menu.
This place is just like coldstone creamery but the ice cream just isn't as flavorful but the prices are fair
Slightly overpriced but decent pizza. I went on a Saturday night. Primarily ASU crowd. As for anywhere on Mill Ave, this is not the place to go if you're looking for a quiet dinner.
Great service and talk to Wyatt or Chris. They did a flat repair and balance for free on a tire I did not purchase there. Going to be returning with my other cars.
beef noodle soup is awesome~
I come here every weekend, I love the food! Plus it's inexpensive as well.
Every time we go here my husband comments on how fresh and delicious everything is.  We've tried probably 80% of the items on the sushi menu and have never been disappointed.  The staff has always been friendly and attentive.
Awesome fried chicken!  Quick lunch service even when they're busy-take out only.  An easy walk from the Lynx Bland Street station.  They only take cash but do have an ATM machine wedged in the corner.
The food is good but its overpriced.  $11 for pasta Barilla and Classico?...I'll pass.
Place is pretty good. Overall I stop going here because it was too pricey and the portions were too small.
Since there's over 200 reviews before mine, I'll keep it short.\n\nCibo is a cool place, with hip customers and an emphasis on quality.  The bruschetta appetizer is a winner.  See pic. Try to save room for the crepe desserts.
The crabcakes are great patties of thick, delicious crab. I thought the hush puppies and corn were pretty typical, but the fries were really tasty. I wouldn't mind a better drink selection - all they have now are their house-made lemonade (which I didn't try)  and bottled coke products.
My first time here and I love it. The menu is playful, fun with a lot of variety. Being able to enjoy made to order crepes with Sugar Factory signature cocktails is delightful. I can't wait to bring my family next time. Great place for adults and family.
Good times for sure. I'd do it again. The false advertising of one block off the strip beats us down a tad on the walk. The pilots lack of communication was frustrating as well. He said it was due to other helicopters in the area...
Portions are big, their eggs are tasty. Great breakfast joint
Mi Ga is located in the food court of Greenland. I ordered Short Rib + Meat Jun Combo and it was decent.
I was very disappointed in the haircut I received recently. After giving my stylist explicit instruction on what parts of my hair to cut, she cut my hair way too short all over. I tried to control what she was doing, but she went on cutting anyway.
Not a bad place. Plenty of menu choices, and the food was better than I would have expected. I had a couple tacos, topped with sauce from the salsa bar. Pretty good meats, decent toppings, and I'd say above average rice.
If I could give them a zero, I would.  I went in there today with intent to buy a Chanel purse. It was my reward to myself for getting through two emergency surgeries last year.  Sales people were rude and didn't even try to help me.  What horrible stuck up sales people.
First time dining at this place. Service was so-so.  However, the  crab cakes and the cream of crab soup was amazing! The shrimp was a little salty. The hush puppies wasn't that great.  Overall, not a bad spot to dine in and watch the game.
Good food but way overpriced for the food quality and overall experience...was cool as a one time experience but that's enough... Rather enjoy a Morton's and save money with a better overall dinner.  Not impressed.
Eggs Benedict was horrible. Country potatoes weren't any better. Avoid this order. Staff was friendly though.
When I am in the mood for a good sandwich- I will drive 20 minutes to get to the strip, struggle with traffic and parking and walk through a casino just to get to Earl of Sandwich.  Prices are good and every sandwich I have had there is fantastic.
My husband and I went here for our wedding anniversary. Everything we had was unbelievable testy.  I would highly recommend the beef wellington.
This is our favorite Chinese restaurant. The food is delicious and the price is right. They are fast and always quite friendly.
The whole place smells like the sewer backed up into it. Thank God I was just there for eye drops; had I been after food, I couldn't have brought myself to eat it.
One of the top 3 Clubs in Vegas!!\n\nThe place is pretty nice but they have the Best DJ's From all over plus Monday nights are free for locals!!
Tried this place on our way through from Idaho to California sure to seeing it on Hungry Investors. Good good and what you expect for breakfast. The chicken fried steak was cooked perfectly. I would say the breading needs some seasoning. Same with the chicken strips. Price for 3 adults and 2 children was about $46.
Great place to eat, large portions and the prices are so low it's ridiculous. The steak and lobster specials, breakfast and burgers are delicious. The service is great. You don't have to ask for a refill or even have to ask for a stack of napkins (they beat you to it) Lol
Amazing pizza, great quality! From the same family that owns Nora's Italian here in town. Drop by and grab a slice, but not during dinner Friday or Saturday, they get backed up with to-go orders. Grab a cannoli too, they're awesome!
The food in general was pretty decent. Although the tandori chicken was a bit on the dry side. The restaurant is quite small and doesn't have much of an ambiance. I wouldn't bring a date here.
Not the best, nor the worst, could be a bit cleaner, but the pricing is spot on and if you are in desperate need for a mani/pedi it's a good place to go. Just make sure to check their tools or bring your own.
I have seen better.  The girls could be cuter and the show was kind of boring.  I did like the humor and the main comedian guy was funny but I got bored of the lady hosting.  Honestly, it wasn't great.  I would recommend many other shows over this.
Mother's Day ruined. very expensive. had to wait 45 minutes for our food. beautiful decor .
The food overall is just ok, but the bakery is very good.
Not good.  Stale bread.
If u want great pizza this is the place to go! Not only good food but great service and a friendly staff! If you are on this side of town you must try it!!!!
Simple store with basic indian groceries. Store is clean and staff are courteous. Items are pricey , minimum of 20% more than market price. I like the store except for the prices
This place sucked. Great DJ lineup, but that's about it. It's the most over priced piece of crap on the strip!!\nSave your money and your time and head to XS or Tao.
Came again during a non-busy period, pretty much got ignored. The owners children ran around screaming the whole time. No refills, no one checked on me, had to go and ask for the check myself.
This is one of the better malls in this area. They have a variety of stores for men, women, and kids. However, I'm from California so I'm used to much bigger malls with better stores.
What a great hidden gem in Scottsdale.  Interesting cafe that's next to Subway.   Owner is friendly and helpful.   Delicious hand made buttery croissants.
This place can kiss my ass.\nDon't try to sit down at one of the million empty tables. They will try to kick you out.\nOrder a glass of water..$7. really? After the $10 drinks? Eat it. \navoid At all costs
Ok if you need a toco fix.
Great staff, nice to have a family owned bbq joint to go to. Food is always excellent.
The food's fresh, the service is good and we eat here fairly frequently. We like the baja burrito with fried fish :)
Great studio for hot yoga!
Service was good, sushi was fresh but for an AYCE restaurant, Sushi Freak can't compare to House of Goyemon.  The selection at Sushi Freak is limited and they only allow one dessert per person? C'mon!
Great find in Madison! We ordered the ahi tuna, ceviche, pork belly, and calamari fries and each one was delicious. Also it's just a good place to relax and chat. My coworkers and I are def coming back here one last time before we leave
Great coffee, food, and pastries. I really like this place. It is always packed though, so expect to look for seating. They even have a nice craft beer selection. This is a great coffee shop for hanging out, but I might not study here due to how packed it gets.
Went here for the Bloody Mary bar but the breakfast itself was delicious!! This is such a good choice for breakfast/brunch in Vegas that isn't a buffet.  I got the special of the day which was lemon crepes with blueberries and homemade whipped cream.  Will definitely be back here!
Love this breakfast place! Some of the best breakfast items! You order at the counter and sit wherever available. They definitely need to expand their space and open another location. It's nice they that they cater to vegan and gluten free. Food is excellent -- try anything on the menu and you won't be disappointed.
Really happy with Coleen's.  Helen Zych was great, helped my wife and I find some great pieces.  She also helped us match some furniture.  He opinions were very valuable.  I do not think you get this kind of service anywhere else - no pressure, great advice, extremely helpful.  The quality was excellent.
I have never eaten a bad meal here. \nConsistently good and always delicious. \nNo alcohol permit :( but great moroccan mint tea!
Nice hotel right in the middle of the strip. If you want something super fancy, this is not the place for you. But it worked for me because I was close to everything, and the room prices are not bad either! As others stated Harrah's is a good deal. And the buffet they have is good too!
Very Good Food.  Great Service.  Fantastic Drink Menu.  Chef even sends complimentary samples of potential new entrants to the menu.  You can taste the care put into each dish.  Very impressed.
Waited 20 minutes for fast food. I could understand if your busy but I was the only damn car in the parking lot! So needless to say after 20 minutes we left without food! :(
Slow service\nBelow average food \nIll pass
Don't waste your time trying to find this hidden store.  overpriced dated clothing.  The handbags looked to be about the most interesting thing in the store.  Goodwill would have a better selection  and condition clothes.
This place always finds a way to mess up my order, I suggest going to a different location. Employees are always in bad moods also
There is a reason why it is a quick wait to sit down.... because the wait for quality service and food will be endless. If you're expecting the Scottsdale Breakfast Club, you will be disappointed.
Best nail place I have ever been to!!! I have had Danny and Nancy and they are amazing.
cant go wrong here, in the mood for sandwich this is it. its baked and toasty, healthy and filling. its not as good as jersey mikes but almost there.  price is very Worth it.
Pizookies here suck, but the service was awesome.
We didn't stay here just toured the facility along the strip. It was fun to stop in and see everything.
Gym is nice but don't ever sign up with the girl named Ashley. She has a big attitude and hates giving customers their way. Even refused to let my friend in once when I had a pass. Cancelled my membership cuz of her.
This review is based on the fact I can't bring my camera in here. I was very disappointed in that. I just wanted to take some great shots. Bummer.
Beautiful decor but way too expensive and service was just mediocre.
Was there last niight, I do love the food however it is hit and miss, I ordered for a large party one night one of my dishes was minus any chicken but  after home who wants to go back out. Oh well , they are somewhat close, and inexpensive.
Been coming here for 10+ yrs (3 kids) & since Dr Conti's death, this practice is failing fast.  Longer waits ( fewer people waiting) staff has gotten RUDE!  Time to look for a new Dr.
I loved the atmosphere I loved the service...  I did not love the food I did not love the price... im not a cheap guy i believe you get what you pay for... maybe i just went at a bad night
They have a nice selection of vinyl.
Came here for a boxing event and had a blast. I've been to many events here over the years and always had a great time!
Went here for Padres Spring training. Very nice new stadium. Tons of beer and food options, although it is overpriced. The stadium seating is very nice.
Very cool - LOL The whole place is made up of ice - walls, bars, decorations, sculptures, seating, table - yes fairly cold. It was worth the extra money to go with the package that included the fur coat, hat (that you keep) and drink.
Is student friendly...\nGood prices on single malt...\nDon't miss the nachos!
This place is GARBAGE. Food tasted like a frozen microwave food platter. Service was slow. I wouldn't recommend this place at all. Your better off going to Roberto's.
I frequent Chandelier Bar and I can say the best bartender there is Todd..he is always friendly and making me laugh with his meows and bird calls...Best BARTENDER IN VEGAS..Cosmo, you are lucky to have him.
Friendly with large selection. A bit cleaner than other hardware stores but their appliance selection isn't as complete as the other major hardware store.  The tool selection is nice and they have a wide variety of stuff from the cheap to professional grade.
Whisky selection is limited. But food is good. Crusted calamari is a delicious appetizer
Small portions for a specialty that is meant to be abundant, generous and shared.\nThey have some good things but some others feel like menu fillers and don't bring much to the table (ahah).
Unclean environment.  We brought our dog in for grooming with specific instructions on how we wanted her groomed the first time they followed our request the next time we barely recognized her she was shaved almost to the skin.....never again will we use Smoochie Poochie....
Not bad....I've just had better....
all you can eat sushi & all you can drink sake!
Most incompetent doctors office I have ever been to. Stay away at all costs. I am still getting bills in the mail from three years ago because they couldn't figure out how to bill my insurance correctly.
Not worth the wait and the price.  I had other las vegas buffet for third of the price that was much better..... and no 40 minute wait in line.
Great location, in the heart of everything. There's a metro station right across the street from the hotel, which is perfect. Great included breakfast, reliable free wi-fi. Roof terrace was a bonus. Would stay on a low floor next time, as the wait for the elevator was always long.
Decent
Update: manager refunded pricing difference to my wife.  Thx
I got the 32oz. Mango Kush, I wasn't impressed.  The cups are weirdly shaped with a long straw.
The buffets at the casinos in Oregon have spoiled me. All of the food at Spice Market was either bland or blatantly over-salted. Puhlease. The seafood was a joke.
Great cocktails, kick ass burgers, and world class people watching. The decor and setting in the civic center park make this a go to destination for anyone wanting to hang out in Old Town for an evening. The service can use a bit of cheering up but all in all I had a great experience.
Club is a great place to pick up an old lady or sugar daddy for a few hours. Bathrooms are the only nice thing about this place.
Sat at the bar and had a very good experience. The lettuce wedge salad is excellent and the burger was done to perfection. The service was very attentive at the bar. A good place to watch a game, have a drink, and eats.
This place has awful customer service and a bad attitude. It was like being in eastern Europe where attendants think they are doing me a favor by selling me something. No thanks. I won't be back. Meditate on that.
TERRIBLE service! Awful beef tacos! And horrible service. We actually had to approach the bartender for our food and drinks. Wish I could have a job where all I do is sit and play games on my phone. Would NOT come back and definitely don't recommend it!! Two thumbs DOWN!
My  adult daughter and niece, mother in law, wife and I ate here while in Vegas.  Well worth the drive away from the strip.  Excellent food And service, full of locals.  Try the bread bowls.  Everyone  left full and happy while saying only good things  about this gem
These jerks call over and over again.  To get them to stop I cut the sales person off mid - sentence and told her I live in an apartment.  The calls stopped shortly after that.  What a bunch of buttheads.
I would also like to note that the telephones in our room did not work (both) nor did the internet (as a business traveler, I need to be able to utilize the Wi-Fi.
Everything was very good but nothing really blew me away. This may sound strange, but the food came out of the kitchen startlingly fast...almost as if they they didn't actually cook anything to order. The service was good and the decor was interesting.
This is my favorite steak house in Vegas. The steaks are huge and always prepared to perfection. It is a bit noisy, but gives you that NY feel I guess.\nNot crazy overpriced for Vegas, for the quality you are getting. \nNever made it to desert as the steaks are so big!
Simple and convenient. The need to be a little better about having hot dogs ready cooked for lunch rush. It seems like every time I went in there in the past 2 weeks the hot dogs were never ready.
They have good prime rib in the cafe and I always seem to win on the slots!
Food is average ,delivery and time scheduling very very terrible ... Schedule time and had too wait an hour after schedule d time will not order from again.
Mmmm.... Pork tacos and chips n queso!!!
Nice place with the typical Sam Fox feel. Very relaxed feel to the restaurant. The portions are small and expensive. The flavors are great. Not a place to go if you are hungry or on a budget.
No matter what time of day it is...the staff is always cheerful and ready to help you! Great team!
Best fried zucchini and onion rings! After ordering, the food was brought to the table quickly. I will be going back!
Worst gym I have been to. It's not even like a gym it's more like a hangout spot. They have cookies and pizza there.
This has to be the best fast food chicken fingers - what makes it is their sauce tomatoey with just the right fried chicken spices.  The fries are crinkly and crispy too!
Amazing!  Great food, great wine, great atmosphere, great location!  I've visited here several times and each time it's a 5 star place!!
The Dane has the best beer in town. For that reason alone you should check it out. It also has a great outdoor area in the back when it is warm enough outside. Sometimes I believe the servers think the beer sells itself and therefore could care less about giving good service. Unfortunately they might be right. The food is good but not great.
Very poor service. Had a line of 7 people yesterday (I was one of them), and they ignored us for quite some time. One guy finally blew and made a scene. Today standing there  by myself. Nobody acknowledged me today, so I am not impressed.
Unpretentious Wisconsin-y hangout with good live music.
I wouldn't go back here...\n\nTook 40 minutes to get an order of eggs :(\n\nThe manager corrected the time that it took me to get my food instead of apologizing.\n\nBad food BAD service!
I get my pedis here. Love the staff. Unfortunately I had the joy of sitting next to a whiner.  Complained about everything. For the love if God, you are getting a $20 dollar pedi!  Because they are fast, efficient and super friendly, I will keep coming back.
Mmm! Close to home and delicious! Try a banana, strawberry, Nutella crepe with vanilla ice cream. It comes out hot with the ice cream wrapped inside and is so amazing!\n\nThe ambiance is wonderful and the staff is very friendly!
I had some old jewelry and was more than pleased with the price Jim gave me. Everyone in the shop was friendly and professional. Great place!! I would recommend it and I'll go back for sure!
Food was good till you go in the restroom. Terrible sewer smell and the next day stomach was not very happy!
Hubby and I love this park for fishing. The waterfall is really nice to listen to also. There are 2 bathrooms and both have been clean every time I use them. My only complaint is the lack of shade on the bank. They should plant more trees next to the water.
Amazing!  Food tastes great and the staff is nice.  Hot and juicy special sauce with the lobster, king crab legs, shrimp, mussels, and clams is the winner.
This is the most disorganized buffet plus bad services.
It may have taken a little while, but I'm finally in love with St. Francis. \nWhat'd it take? A pear & blue cheese salad, and a delicious peartini. \nI *love* their mixed drinks here.
I love the beet salad and date milkshakes. Food is really good and love the atmosphere. Tons of outdoor seating under huge trees. Another good place for big groups and or bringing kids.
Went to the capital Grille last night. Service there is really good and food is also excellent. I ordered the medium well steak which is delicious.
i wish that every city had a place like this, so that in the dead of winter i could trudge through the snowy streets of boston and walk into a beautiful victorian greenhouse. \n\nif you're visiting pittsburgh, phipps should be at the top of your things to see.
bunch of shops.. nothing extroardinary..
If you want a nice view go, but if your looking for good service and food go somewhere else.  The price for that kind if service is not worth it.
Came twice in one week and got the pretzels with cheese dip both times. Both groups I came with enjoyed their food! Try it!
Marginal food, small portions, over-priced.  Service was awful.  Pass
I've never had such a terrible experience at a sushi joint before. Our waitress was extremely rude to us. She was slow to bring us our food, and there was only one other couple in there. The sushi wasn't very good either. I would not recommend this place at all.
Nothing special. My braised meat was dry and my husbands pasta was bland.
Just as good as the location on Tropicana.\n\nI suggest that you take some of the sauces and mix them. I like adding that green sour  cream guacamole with the red roasted peppers salsa.
Great service and menu. We were especially drawn to the atmosphere and history behind the house. If you haven't been yet it's highly recommended.
Great fresh sushi,for a fantastic price. We go at least twice a month for lunch. Many rolls to choose from. You just can't beat it for the price. You also can't forget how fun the revolving conver belt...YUM!
Best Australian coffee and the only one I've ever had. Who would have imagined putting a scoop of ice cream in hot espresso? Whoever it was he/she is a genius!!!!
Although the decor could use some updating, the food and service is good... I was appreciative of their late hours, as I arrived a little late in the evening
i guess if you are in Pittsburgh and you want to do Pittsburgh things you have to grab a Primanti Bros sandwich but it isn't that good of a sandwich. Pittsburgh is loaded with great places to eat.  you can certainly do better.  having said that, i  totally get grabbing a Primanti Bros if you are in Pitt.
Unfortunately overpriced for the quality of the food. I feel like you could have the same items at another restaurant that is less stuffy and old-school than this place.
Food and service decent, restaurant was a little messy, but overall a good visit.
Great sandwich. The location is out of the way but I'll go back.
Chocolate chip cookie was hot from the oven, big, flat, tasty. \nCoffee was fine.\nCustomer service was fine.\nNo atmosphere. Just an in and out place.
food was ok
I guess I don't understand the hype. The service was very good, but the pizza was completely flavorless. The sauce was the strongest point, but the cheese and sausage were completely bland. The service earned them a third star, but I won't be going back
Found a shard of glass the size of a silver dollar in the bottom of my glass.  The manager took $3.50 off of our bill. I've never been so shocked by such terrible customer service
Don't waste your time or money. Beyond dreadful. Not sure who was supposed to be in charge but the inmates run the asylum here.
Amazing! It was my boyfriends and my first time here.  The tacos were amazing!!! Make sure you try the barbacoa tacos.
Great food, nice decor and excellent service - Martha is awsome!  Thank-you!
Nice steakhouse. Consistent meat quality wher you have their bone in ribeye in Vegas, NYC, DC, or Chicago.
So i got htis hotel cheap, but finding out that internet is $14.95 a day. The deal basically, was no deal. I would have been better off staying some where els. If you are staying here and want no ammenities. Tis is the place.
Awesome services, outstanding brisket and great prices! Authentic Bar-B-Que joint!
constantly busy but the staff is pretty quick with your drinks.  I always get a simple ice coffee with hazelnut, however some days the coffee just doesn't taste right so I suggest don't go for ice just get a regular cup of coffee.
Had the special breakfast burrito and horchata. Burrito was great and the horchata was some of the best I've had.
Came for lunch had salmon salad excellent service decent portion size. Everything was freshly prepared.
Service was not good, young teenagers running the place.  Food was ok but there are way better choices than Flos.
What's the point of yelp if you delete negative comments?
Their smoked and cured meats are to die for and the people running it are really sweet. I'm glad this just opened in our new 'hood.
Food is great but tue service was not. No one taking orders for almost 5 minutes and a huge line developed. When they finally came back only ONE person took orders. Long wait for food.
Cheap and has all the essentials. Food, casino, decent rooms, somewhere to sleep.
Get the feeling this place is for \"bike snobs\" as we are casual cyclists and have had three experiences in store with unfriendly staff. bought a couple things but get the feeling we aren't serious enough cyclists to get the friendly treatment.
Had the Mango Avocado salad! It was exceptional! Could of been bigger but it did taste great! Price was reasonable for the quality.
Pretty cool bar.  The drinks are good.  Some local beers on tap which is awesome a plus for me.  The food was good although I was disappointed they didn't have fried green tomatoes on the menu anymore.  The veggie burger was tasty though.
My friend and I rented a small unit for the summer with an amazing discount!!! The service was very good, Lacey was a tremendous help for us, making the sign up process quick and easy. The unit itself was clean and just what we needed to store our belongings.
Located near enough to the bus station for one last pint before leaving town.  The staff was friendly and the clientele were fun.  Great interior!  I'd definitely return.
Beautiful facilities and gracious staff.
I absolutely love Elizabeth and the gel ombr\u00e9 she did for me! Super nice atmosphere and everyone is super friendly.
The pizza is pretty good. Especially at 2am. But when it takes over an hour for delivery, no thank you. I shouldn't have to call 3 times to find out where my pizza is. Then when he finally showed up he asked for a tip. That's the best way to not get a tip.
I love the every time I've walked in to a Lucky store, they always guess the exact size and style of jeans that I'm wearing.  This time I also bought a bunch of shirts.  The staff offered advice and opinions and was very helpful through out.
Alright, the guys who work here were all very friendly; however the food was terrible. We got meatball subs. The meatballs were crusted over from either frying or sitting out... Not sure. The fries were too salty. I wouldn't go back.
Mediocre food . The area by the soda dispenser had a weird smell .
Love this office, as well. I have been to both and would see either doctor. Wait time is quick and getting in for an appointment is easy.
First time here. I stopped in to grab a quick bite. I LOVE gyros. So I ordered one. It was pretty average. Not too busy on a Monday night. Service was pretty average too. Overall, pretty mediocre and I wouldn't come back and pay $9 for subpar gyro.
Well worth the price. . 9.50 for lunch. . Clean & comfortable.  Occasionally you can get a 20% off coupon in the mail.
Ewwww!! Nasty Food! Smokey stinking old folks....NO THANKS! It's like the scariest casino in Vegas....why risk getting robbed or stab for a $8 dinner and a $2 beer?!@
Honest mechanic shop with great labor rates. I had the best experience.
The food is great but the service is terrible! I will not go back. It's sad because the food is great!
I love to come here for their sushi and happy hour.\n\nI especially enjoy their scorpion roll but so far all their sushi is good.\nThe service seems to vary on our visits but otherwise its definitely our favorite stop for sushi.
Sooooo good!!! We ordered the pork rolls, beef pho, shrimp pad Thai, chicken fried rice, and beef chow fun. It was all delicious!! I'm so glad I don't have to drive all the way to Chinatown now! :)
I ordered the teriyaki chicken/bulgogi bento. The bulgogi left me wanting more. :-)
Eh, it was ok if you're looking for bland and boring flavor.  The service is good and friendly.  Not much to say about them.
Great service, nice people! :)
Food was good but the service sucked. They stopped checking on us and we had to go to the front of the house to pay our bill. Not really happy at all with the service.
OK, they recently took away my biggest complaint, they added sun sades to block out the blinding late afternoon sun. So now it should be way more comfortable for those facing the windows and even if you are not, you don't have to contend with the over brightness!!  Now if I just had some painting talent!!
I have seen just about every show up and down the strip. BY FAR THIS IS THE BEST SHOW PERIOD. This blows O. I dont know why O cost so much. Le Reve is WAY better show and about half the cost. You should not miss this show when your in LV.
So very nice and helpful.  Explained the process what I could expect and generally made a sucky situation not as bad.
Was there on Sunday afternoon with my wife. Maybe 5 customers in the place, but the service from the bartender was absolutely nonexistent. Will never go back!
Not bad.
The atmosphere was nice and the food was decent. The service was just okay maybe because they were a little bit busy. Not sure if I will return.
Very average. My self-made Kobe beef burger (that is, American Kobe beef, not real Kobe) was AIIGHT.  The pre-made Angus burger was worse.  And my sweet potato fries were burnt!
5 Stars for what it is...Dairy Queen! Who doesn't like a Blizzard? Fast and Yummy. In and out with a Blizzard Meal Deal. I was spoon fed a Hawaiian Blizzard on the drive home...it doesn't get much better than that.
Cleanliness is not on their radar. Outside patio was filthy, server kept running his hand thru his hair.
This spot is a must stop for anyone looking for delectable dishes in the Vegas area that are off the strip. They have previously won the best of Vegas award and continue to achieve that same standard.
Okay, so the crust can be soggy sometimes but the pizza itself is delicious. Best Chicago style thin crust in the valley. Just ask for crispy crust or cooked a little longer, learned that from my server last time i was there. Definitely ask if your getting delivery, soggy crust is gross and unacceptable.
I had a French Dip which was eh, nothing special.  My friend Nicole B hated her reuben because it was toasted, which didn't even make sense. Not sure what the 3rd party had, but probably a burger which is all she eats anyway.  We regretted wasting our per diem on this place.
Cheap easy and very tasty
Knowledgeable, patient, eminently reasonable in all respects. What more could one ask for?
This place is awesome, plus the dance floor is spacious and music is great! Local night is on Sunday, but get in line early because the line will be 1 hour or more... My suggestion is to find promoter and get on guest list, which will make your life easier!
Really wanted to like this place, but the food was so so. Service was fine (sat at the bar), but when they get busy there seems to be a lot of work placed on to one person while a lot of other workers stand around. Pretty pricy.
Amazingggggg! Quick and efficient. Joseph was awesome. Left my carpet looking like new. Thanks keystone! :)
Best tomato sauce in Charlotte (so far, always looking), great Italian entrees and pizza, live Sinatra music on weekend nights, def recommend this mom and pop restaurant.? I recommend the raviolis!
I said NO MAYO, and I got TONS of mayo in my sandwich. It took forever to get the 6 sandwiches I ordered, but next time I know you can place orders in advance.\n\nI prefer Lenny's. My sandwich was soggy.
I got my sandwich. Who cares about customer service, do half of you guys that reviewed this subway complaining about customer service tipped any subway even if they gave good customer service?
Overpriced and food wasn't good! It was a wild place with all the going on with the employees dressing up going around giving free shots etc., but food was bad and pricey!
This place is disgusting. The level of filth is off putting as soon as you walk in. I saw the cook lick his finger and blow his nose without washing his hands within 5 minutes. This place should be shut down. Stay away.
Cheap eats with cheap quality. If you want to eat a lot but don't care too much what you are eating, this is the place for you. And be prepared for lines!
morning after is delicious however day of is only ok... a little pricey though...
If it weren't for the steep price ($20/ person), it'd totally be worth it.  I'd say that $15 would make it feel like a better value.  However, my group spent an enjoyable hour checking out the dolphins and various felines.
Food is always good, but overpriced.  Iced tea was $3   This is not the Four Seasons! This is the unfrienliest Good Egg I have been to.
Not too many sushi choices in the area. Visited a month ago. Place was kinda busy, but our rolls came out pretty quick. Everything was fresh and overall service was good. I would give it another chance.
best strawberry cupcake anywhere!!!\n\nbut, they use too much oil in their recipe. it shows alot.\n\nbut the strawberry cupcake is still too die for!!!!!!!!
Huge portions, great service and the best Chinese food around. We will be regulars for sure! Four stars only because it is small and not many tables.
This is a nice neighborhood Italian place that I forget to visit often enough.  This last visit I had the veal cannelloni which was heavy but very good.  The caprese salad was just OK.  The tomatoes and mozzarella didn't really impress me. My friend loved every bite of her spaghetti.
Can't say enough good things about this small Thai/Cambodia restaurant. Great food good service  try the Tom Yum soup   It is delicious. Will be back soon for sure. Ginger chicken and red curry were awesome. I hope they franchise.
The staff is not only knowledgeable, they're friendly & courteous. Doesn't matter if it's a question on glass for a picture frame or to have an emergency window (board-up & replaced) I have never been disappointed!
Love the food! Had lunch with my boys. Waitress was super nice. Didn't wait long for the food. We order the fried fish balls and eggrolls and the BBQ and palabok. Everything with super good!! We'll def come back again ! :)
Great menu and service.  Sweet breads were fantastic.
very small sitting area, lots of students who study here.  free wi-fi, they've got a drive-through. parking can be surprisingly full depending on the time of day.\n\nbathrooms are pretty clean, staff is nearly always friendly.
excellent food, and great service and even better prices. I will definitely be coming back.
Great food,  great service and a place to watch World Cup games at lunch time during work hours. I had the three taco platter with shrimp,  pork,  and beef.  All were very good.  The salsa at the salsa bar was a nice addition.
The sandwich was great!!!! But my concern was about the fact that is no restroom over there so I couldn't wash my hands,  and instead of eating over there I went home, );
Talk about Slave Drivers, they hire convicts and illegals there.  I wasn't very surprised when my change container was empty when I got my car back.  Next time I will wash the car myself.
these people dont know how to work.... they should fire all the dumbass employees and hire people who need to work.... everytime i come here and get someting they always gotta fk somehing up.... every single damned time this place sucks dickkkkkk
Excellent vegan food.  Crispy Chicken sandwich was delish!
Love this place!\n\nAfter having a few other Ethiopian feasts at other restaurants, Lalibela is the best.  The food is fresh & perfectly seasoned.  TONS of vegetarian options.\n\nCan not complain about anything.
Good flavors, decent portions, shrimp was rubbery though.  Great place for large parties, very accommodating.
Nice little plaza, easy parking - seems a bit expensive, but that's Vegas. Very nice inside with friendly staff.
Yummmmmm!  This place has great sandwiches and other bar food.  The chicken philly and the chicken grinder are both awesome, and  the french fry chips are out of this world.  The staff here is great and if you go here a bit they will remember you and your order.
Really unique combo, Mexican food and Chinese food, served together. The decor is very weird but fitting. We tried out about 12 different menu items and they were all pretty good, maybe not quite worth the decent price tag, but good nonetheless. The waitstaff was very attentive and overall service was very good.
Pint of Guinness & Beef and Guinness Stew.  Say no more. Delicious. Tables on both sides commented that it was very rich but I found it absolutely delicious. \n\nGreat atmosphere for friends, a couple, or a group.
Limited menu, but delicious!
I thought the place was great. They did a good job. They were friendly, cute, and the shop was clean. The price is average for the area. What more could you want from a neighborhood nail shop?
Was craving some Chinese fried rice and came out to find pretty good Chinese food at this hole in the wall spot. Totally a great bang for your buck which is weird to say in Vegas. Great family owned business. Will come back again
Great for business travel and personal. Unbelievable planes, flight crews are the best. This is a great way to travel privately. The costs are more that worth the fantastic experience. Reasonable is an understatement. This is the best private travel experience out there.
heaven!!!!  they have gluten free pizza and it is SOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOD.  once they got there delish pizza i have been there 3 time in 2 weeks.  i am in love.  they also hav ethe best ranch in the world!
Delicious thai ice teas and pad thai. Yellow curry is my wife's favorite and having several  levels of hotness make this a great place on the west side!
Was tempted to give 2 stars, but I think that was just because I ordered something ridiculous--the 3 dog night. It was 3 hot dogs wrapped up in a tortilla with chili. That was an adult beverage influenced decision. Whoops. I would give it another try and get something more reasonable.
The steak was excellent .  But I ordered  artichokes for the table and they were scrawny and there were only 2   Not much taste.  I had had them the night before at Radio Maria's and they were delish.  Also the price was way too high for this type of Italian food in downstate Illinois.
They offer great prices but unfortunately their service is ridiculously time consuming, they quoted me 45 min, it's been almost an hour and a half and they still haven't gotten to my car
It's always crowded here with old people. Icky.\nThe waiters and waitresses tend to be grumpy a lot. I would be too if I had to work around all those old people.
It was good, but not great. I guess I'm spoiled with how well Asian Fusion is done at Gingerootz in Appleton.
Food was good.  The only complaint I had is the shrimp in my sum yum soup still had the \"poop\" veins.  The Mango and sticky rice dessert was great! The carpet needs cleaning. The strip mall location is a bit odd.  Give it a try you will be delighted.
Best refried beans i have ever had.  Big fancy restaurants dont even compare to these beans bro....
Mediocre food, cold cavernous room, loud, way too expensive for what you get (quality and taste of the food is a notch below Eat N' Park, for example).  It's a shame because the location is great and their staff is wonderful.
Fringe +Yelp = a rocking good time. The space was perfect for the small crowd that formed and there was plenty of seating. I was def impressed with the lineup of bands (the ones we actually saw anyway). We didn't stay long since we had other plans but it was a great local experience i really enjoyed.
Very clubby. Good steaks. Excellent service. Expect to pay premium prices
Food was amazing, however I docked to stars because our waitress was extremely slow and very forgetful!
Went back for Happy Hour last week.. It was so much better than I remember, and the service was fantastic! The half priced appetizers at happy hour really hit the spot, and the guacamole was first rate... we will put this back on our rotation for sure.
This restaurant is permanently closed. I told Yelp, they didn't believe me, so I'm telling you directly. Try Kanda around the corner on Queen Mary.
Fun place. Sandwiches satisfactory.
Backyard Taco is simply the best taco in town. The crazy potato -- crazy good. Great service, great atmosphere. I go often.
This is one of the bad location branch of BOA.there are always one or two tellers,no more than three!the waiting line always long,just need one transaction need more than 20 mins wait in the line,if you have any other choice, please choose other location
Reminded me of home. Good food. Service was a little slow but in the Midwest people don't rush so gave you even more that Midwest experience.
I used a Groupon for this restaurant.  I did not know what to expect.  I loved the Hot Steak sandwich.  However, I did not care for the chicken/egg combination.  Not a fan of the house chips.  I will go back but next time I will try something else.
This is the fourth time I have ordered from them for delivery. There pizza is really good and they have unique specialty pizzas. Unfortunately after three calls and two hours, they have not delivered my pizza tonight. They were apologetic and are giving  me my order for free. I hope this is a ONE time mistake!
Awesome place clean, friendly and they will do there best to fit you in for what ever you need
Bad crust (tasteless), bad ingredients, CPK is a lot better. And they are super expensive. How are they still in business??
Enjoying Friday out for a steak during Bike week and had the pleasure of dining with the four mice that occupy the patio fireplace. The staff was stunned then entertained by the thought. Management didn't seem to care either. Disgusting
The pork dishes are like sex on a plate! So happy we found this place!
Pretty good ambience and the crowd was great. The service was good, chicken was okaish but the steak was good. Will try this again if I visit montreal again.\nGood place to have a fancy dinner.
I would rather be punched in the face, than eat anything from this Cook on Wok location.
cool views up top, but food kinda sucks since it's not even considered fine dining. some food may look good, but don't taste very good, do not order seafood; think about it, why would you order seafood in a desert?
YUCK!\n\nI have not been cooking lately - busy with work and home...\n\nI went there for homestyle food and it was not good.  \n\nAlso, like the previous reviewer, the server did not know anything about homestyle food.
NO NO NO, this placemakes Panda Express seem gourmet. Garbage food!
Very good food \n\nAwesome service \n\nPrice a little steep for the type of food\n\nI will return.
Had a really good burger with pimento cheese, bacon, and a fried egg. It was messy, like most good burgers are, and they cooked it medium rare.  Good onion rings also.
Great experience - excellent food and very unique atmosphere.
Went back with some friends to have lunch...had the gyro special for $5.95 (included fries). This was  delicious....service was good this time, but my friends knew most of the employees.
Love the detail that the staff includes , even on a basic wash and always offer a great deal for other services as well. They do take time to get in the cracks and crevices and do a fabulous job, so plan on being patient as its well worth it!!
Loyalty point system is cool, the wasabi cream tastes like old BFG so that is really good.  Tell you the truth I will continue to come here.  It is a bit more than chicken shack though and that's ok.
Landmark is absolutely amazing. .im eating the chicken Alfredo and its sooooooo goooooood..
Food is wonderful but service is not.  I looked at the other reviews and this seems to be the consensus.  NOt sure why they don't try to correct it.  Patio is really nice on cooler nights.\n\nI can't get my husband to go here anymore due to the service but the food is very good.
Wow.  Worst service ever.  Such a beautiful place.   Sat outside for 20 min with no service.  Moved inside and had to go to bar to get wine. Waitress showed up 10 min later.  Will not come back until they change entire staff, other than bartender.  And no it wasn't busy
I thought this place was unimpressive.  The drinks were bland and the food was average.  We ordered a bunch of things to share with the table; one or 2 things were bad and the rest was okay, but nothing was great.
Great property in beautiful setting. One of my favorite resorts in America. The staff is just fantastic and the spa is first class.  BLT steakhouse and Rita's Sunday brunch is super. The outdoor spaces and firepits with live music is perfect way to relax.
Very new and clean.  The facility is excellent.  Definitely would be coming back everytime I visit Vegas.
This location is just ok probably because it is small and yet folks pack into this tiny box of a location. They have offer La Boulange pastries and seem to have a good assortment of salads and sandwiches available throughout the day. I like that this location is open early.
I was in here first week of 2014. This review is only about their dessert ,The deep Fried Oreo cookies were amazing. They served them with Ice cream and chocolate on the side. It was something different and I do recommended.
GREAT everyone should try awesome pizza
Monday night ate at an outside table to watch the people circus on the strip.  Brisket sandwich was good but not great.  Service was good.\nRather pricey but that's to be expected.  $78 with tip for 2 with sandwiches/fries and 1 beer each.
Fanstastic! The staff, especially Luanne are so friendly and the work the do is perfection!!\nWe take all or our household linens/sheets and they come out fresh, crisp\nand clean and no weird smells!!\nTry them, you will not be disappointed.
Mexican not at its best. A Torta is not served on a hamburger bun. You don't make burritos with pita bread. It's the bread that makes it a torta.
This business changed hands and is not the same. I wanted an appointment with Diane for a pedicure but they seemed very evasive and kept suggesting I \"come in and they would take care of me\". I found out later that Diane was fired!  I'm so glad I found her at Encore Nails!
Walgreens pharmacy is not very competent. They completely messed up my prescriptions on several occasions. I used them briefly cause it was convenient now I drive out of the way. Do not recommend for pharmacy services. Walgreens in general I would avoid.
Great Service and Happy Hour Specials. Love to sit at the bar and the staff is very good.
This place did nothing for me.  Concept sucks, building is old.  Specials are like everywhere else.  Only bright spot is that have a good outside area in Univ Ave.
This sushi was DISGUSTING. The service was horrible and everything I tried  tasted like charcoal: burnt. Sushi isn't just deep fried and full of cream cheese. They even overcharged my card by $10!!\n\nNEVER coming here again! IF I could give them no stars, I would.
I go to this bar often.\nI live the staff and the door is some if the best bar food I've had!\nShout out to Chris one if the bartenders, awesome dude!
Lame, the place is crammed and stinks. The drink was ok and the price was ok. Some \"ratard\" spilled my drink because he was oogeling over my wife while she danced on the bar. (can't blame him, and he did buy me another) doubt I would be back.
This time the food was not as good as the first time. The meatballs were heavy & dry. The pasta sauce was just too too sweet! We were really sad to see the quality of their dishes going down
Frais et yummy
Had lunch there today and loved it!  Delicious fresh food and the staff is super nice and down to earth.  We always had refills and never had to ask for anything-their service is great and I will definitly go to Pomo again soon!
The men isn't too bad but the special board is the way to go. The chicken vindaloo and the curried chicken primavera are both excellent. The vindaloo packs a punch! Nice atmosphere and good service.
Surprised to have a good sushi place like this in Fountain Hills.  Can get expensive, but eat in or take out is always great.  Fun to mingle with the chef while making the sushi.
Still, one of the better happy hour joints in Summerlin. And you can eat somewhat healthy on this menu: Chicken Satay & a couple of sushi rolls. But for dinner is where you gotta get sum!!!!!
Stayed for 4 nights. On the second day I reported our bathtub isn't draining, this wasn't fixed until the last night of our stay. Rust in the bathroom and kitchen. Room also had an odd smell. \n\nDecent selection of channels and safe location. Friendly staff and comfy beds.
I loved the water park the rooms are good but the customer service is awful. We called for extra blankets and pillows they did not have any. When i called the front desk it took 30 min before someone finally answered. If it wasnt for the waterpark id give it 1 star.
Very good. We had the topless burgers with spinach dip beet salad and steamed vegetables.  Ill definately be back
Great patios, great sports bar, great beer, great service, NOT so great food. We love this place it is very convenient to where we live, but we only come for the happy hour beers (which are huge) and to sit on the great patios. The food is just really bad...
Greatest Burgers!!!! And don''t forget to ask about the secret hidden menu items!
Skip this place. Overpriced, not very good and strange people.
Nice Place! Good service (they were extremely patient with us and our baby). We had the Lavash wrap and the Falafel wrap and both of them were good & fresh tasting. The falafels were good, but not great.\nThe fries were the best. We would surely visit again.
AMAZING. It is tradition for me to visit this fantastic restaurant each time I visit Las Vegas. The kobe beef burgers are FLAWLESS, as is the yellowtail sashimi. The desert platters are UNBELIEVABLE. I honestly have no complaints.
If you didn't know Kroger owns this, Smiths and some other businesses in the Las Vegas area including a jewelry store. Anyway when I am in the area I don't mind stopping in to pick up a few things.  It does seem cleaner than some of the others ones that I have been too.  I will return
These donuts were the bomb! I had eaten one and a half donuts before I knew what was happening...I was in heaven! Of course I went with chocolate, but I had part of the buttermilk donut, which is to die for! Got to check this place out! I just wish they had one in my state!
I went in with high hopes, but you get better taste and more ingredients in a $5 Footlong.  Being that there is a superb sub place in the same square, they better beef up their game!
Food is always consistent and tastes decent. Service is kind of blah. The place is kind of dirty and this includes the appearance of the employees. Eh...but its cheap and you get what you pay for.
Food is authentic, service was friendly (they even came by while I was eating to see if everything was ok) and the place was very clean. Overall this is a great place for some tasty Mexican food.
I thought in many ways it was better than O. And not because of the boobs.  It was a very good funny show.
Just found this place! I loooooove love the feel of it. Art work on the old brick walls, friendly staff, happy people. I am in. Will be back soon. Who's comin' with me?
Excellent food.  A little spicy for my taste so be careful what you order but it had unique flavors and we all liked it a lot.  Service was also excellent.
Best all you can eat sushi place I've ever been to! No limit on the specialty rolls or sashimi! Great Sake selection as well. Though, my favorite part has to be the waitresses, they are lively, funny, and great at their jobs! I am definitely coming back.
Originally the food was awesome but it has steadily gone down hill.  The breakfast gig they were doing was great but it's inconsistent on when they actually open.  Showed up at 930am and still were not open.
I rather go to freemont street and eat on the ground without utensils then go back to this horrible establishment.
Only open until 3:00 p.m?? Come on guys! I've heard great things about your place, but your hours are hugely inconvenient.  So I've been unable to check you out.
This is the current spot that takes care of my 'cheat' day. The combo dog with chili and loose meat is fantastic and the cheese fries are also really good.
Dinner was better this time. Kids definitely got served first which is a huge plus! Thanks for making the effort to improve.
We eat at 18 Asian and Sushi Bar at Blakeney frequently.  Yes the service can be slow but we have always had pretty good food.  We order the Ceviche every time and really like it.  I would highly recommend 18 Asian and Sushi Bar.
Cool, local, and good.  What more can you ask for?  But there is more, great coffee, great staff, and great ambiance...  Go, try it, and be in the know of this Gem in Midtown!!!\n\nCheers,\n\nDavid
If I had to get pizza in downtown, it would be from here. It's in the Plaza.
The red velvet cake was good and the Jewish sliders were pretty tastey... but this place only gets 3 stars from me because the prices were far too expensive for a casual spot that looked like it needed a good cleaning.  I'd rather go to a clean fast casual place with reasonable pricing!
Bahama bucks is a great place with nice employees. Clean shop (the shop chain is kept up very well) and easy going. I can get 2 smalls (one small is sufficient for one person) for about $6.50.
To keep it simple...\n\nI live in LA and am in the process of coming up with a master plan to have their pizza delivered to me on a weekly basis. I'm talkin that dayum good!\n\nGO. RUN. NOW.
Had mimosas and breakfast sandwiches here. Our server lacked customer service skills. Our $13 breakfast sandwiches came out in to-go boxes and and bags. Wish I would have gone to Starbucks instead. I can get the same sandwich for 1/2 the price there and better service.
If you want a quiet breakfast this place is not for you. If you want great food then come here. In addition to traditional breakfast fare there is a huge selection of unusual omelettes and specialty crepes. Good service. A little pricey for breakfast but definitely worth it.
The service was great, the place is relatively cheap... I ordered some shish kebab and was amazed by the quality of food( maybe not 5 star restaurant level, but exceeded my expectations).
One of the best brunch I ever had... and the cake was delicious!!!
The rooms are small especially the bedroom.  The view from our room is fantastic.  The pool area is not large but there is a large area outside with misters with plenty of shade. Happy hour snacks were light but the bar tender was spot on.
Outdated decor and food not great. Service was okay.
I absolutely love having this coffeehouse in my neighborhood.  The employees and owner are so nice and welcoming.  This place is so much more than just a coffeehouse.  They offer some of the best sandwiches I've ever had.  My dad and I always look forward to one of their delicious creations after a run.
This place is gross and the atmosphere is really really annoying. Who gives a fux about Vince Neil anyways? \n\nFood was typical vegas gross
This location is total crap. Staff sucks, leave your attitude at the door. Also, I found a dead fly on my ceaser side salad! Absolutely disgusting!
This place sucks...  It's really that simple.  The build out is decent, but the staff and bouncers are rude.  Someone needs to tell them they are in North Scottsdale, not LA.  I give it until the summer begins before they are out of business...  Sorry, but it's no tea party.
My score could go lower or higher, so think of the 2 stars as an average. I've been to Sushi Creek several times now and there have been good experiences along with some bad.  The service is slow & clunky at best.  I'd much rather go to Kona @ San Tan.
Amazing customer service!  Used Noah's for our wedding ceremony /reception and they were phenomenal!! Never hesitated to answer any questions I had and were so helpful in making my day flow seamlessly!  Perfect.perfect!
Worst Starbucks experience of my life.  Stuck up staff and my iced vanilla latte was still hot, in the plastic cup! We travel a lot from Flagstaff to Tucson and Anthem is our go to place for a food stop in between, but we stay away from this Starbucks.
Great sandwiches but the service is the worst I've seen out of all of their locations. The staff seems more concerned about hanging out than giving customer service. I have no problem with loud music, except when it's over lunch. TURN IT DOWN!!!
Cons\nExpensive by 33%, untrained& rude workers, and no water cups available. You have to buy water bottle.\n\nPros\nBig dining area.\nSlot machines very near.
We had our wedding cake from here. It was perfect! Everyone loved the pink champagne flavor, which PJ won culinary festival last year.  We had a beautiful 4 tier and they coordinate with the venue and it was flawless. Would highly recommend and the cake was talked about as one of the best wedding cakes ever!
Got their chicken and pesto pizza. Very good and filling. Not busy in there at all.
Decent venue.  They are tight on security which is a good thing.  Tons of booze but wish they had food lol.  Phantogram rocked the house here!  I'd go back for another concert if I'm ever in town but $7 for parking...ugh.  Not happy about that.
Great museum a must visit museum.
An institution as a local pub.  Lots of parking at Waterloo Town Square.  Food is good and service attentive.  Decor is drab but remember, it's a pub!
The most amazing new boutique in Scottsdale! Boho vibe with clothes from Free People, Minkpink, Junk food, Soludos, and more. And the hats! so good.
My experience have been mostly positive and the staff are knowledgable and friendly. Sometimes they get busy but cant fault them for that.
Great service, friendly, and affordable... Always call to make an appointment to check availability so you don't have to wait.
Very pleasant wait staff, great food variety and a swanky nighttime atmosphere. Eno Vino is most definitely one of the west side madison gems. I'd go back everyweekend, but then I'd go broke.
Saw Santana last week in the newly refurbished Joint and was very impressed.\n\nThe place is beautiful, the acoustics are top notch..... I've seen many shows prior to the renovation and in my opinion, the Hard Rock did a very good job.
Amazing breakfast and atmosphere... Hearty delicious meals with great service! Highly recommended if wanting breakfast and a chain restraunt doesnt cut it anymore
Cleanliest Walgreens bathroom out of all VEGAS on the strip at least.
Every time i come to Vegas I usually stop here for the kids.the food is overpriced and not that great.but they love the frozen hot chocolate sundaes.there expensive, but the memories are worth every penny!!
Food, service and options were terrible.  Just stopped in for desert and coffee.  How can you mess up desert and coffee??  Well if you want the worst desert and horrible service, go to caneletto.  With so many other options around, I was really disappointed I wasted my time, money and calories at this place.
I didn't think it was awesome or anything.  The food was ok.  Nothing to rave about.  I did like the \"village\" atmosphere though.  $45 for 24 hour pass is not bad at all.
Great staff with food to match.  Cocktails are superb.  These folks now how to run a restaurant and make sure everyone has a good time. People are just learning about the place in Vegas, so go now before everyone finds out about it.  It will be everyone's favorite place soon!
I ultimately thought that this was a good breakfast, but the service was slow (albeit, friendly), especially when it came to restocking the buffet. The price is high and comparable to other continental type breakfasts at other hotels. For $20, I would expect much more.
No worse customer service than having your customer ask what kind of juice do you have and the server pointing to the menu and replying it's on the menu!!\n\nSeriously?!!!! Okay food and bad server.
My husband took me to dinner here once. For such a big venue it was extremely empty. \nOnce the food arrived I knew why. The food was so bland. I could have made dinner that night for way cheaper.
Hipster bar with teenie-tiny bathroom.\n\nHookahs, loud music, and sweaty wannabe hipsters normal aren't my thing.  But, when in Vegas (and drunk) anything goes.  Plus it's a WAY cheaper after-hours spot than that other joint bellow Bill's.
they are the worst car detailer in town,  they burned my paint and caused swirls in paint like crazy..  i will never use them again...
Great amenities, but horrible if you have young kids. There's a lot of teenagers who play on the playground and use foul language.
Food was good. Service was TERRIBLE from the hostess to the servers to the manager.....BAD. The Price of the food does not leave room for bad service. Take your money elsewhere!
A standard Godiva store, but who doesn't love delicious chocolate? These tantalizing treats will give you the pick me up that you undoubtedly need after day drinking and $hopping!
Don't trust them , no customer service . Don't waste your money .
Meh!
I ride my bike through here most mornings listening to the hum of the power lines. This park has just about everything too. The batting cages are always fun.
The best part about this place is they deliver. I didn't find the food to taste that great, but I'm pretty picky. It's good in a bind if you you're craving some quick food.
Food isn't great, but going here for sports and drinking is definitely a good time. Not as packed as some of the more popular sports bars in town, but it gets just as loud when the home team is doing good (or bad...).
I look for a place like this near every airport I visit.  There is bound to be something good and cheap around the corner, apparently pilots are good customers.  Excellent basic tex-mex and really good carnitas too.  I like to get the chile verde with the pork carnitas.  Now my go to Mexican place in Charlotte.
Good for Lunch
I think \"a-ok\" perfectly describes how I felt after stopping by this place for happy hour. The bartender was nice, the food was pretty good, and the specials reasonable. I wasn't overwhelmed or underwhelmed by the visit, but thought it was pretty good.
KillRoy's... \"World's best Berger\" or well now \"worlds coldest draft beer\"... RIGHT!!... They don't serve food... I don't know what else to say... FAIL!!!!
We got a variety of bags of popcorn for a work party last year and everybody loved it...reminded me of the KarmelKorn shop we use to go to as kids.
I do enjoy coming to this banking center. There is a friendly staff and the lines are usually not too long. I prefer using the drive-thru ATMs, because this bank has them updated to deposit cash and checks, with no envelopes! I've never had a bad experience here!
There was nothing particularly great about this Mexican restaurant. Nothing particularly bad either. Meh all the way.
Love this place! We did the shoot for our morning show there and got the coolest shots-mostly because of the museum background, not us radio faces haha
Called and Levi was out within 20 minutes. Was able to take care of our lock and even matched the old style of the door knob. Very fast and reasonable service. Highly recommended!
It's not as bad as the previous reviews say. I mean how bad can it be? After all, they sell video games.
Sunday night female bartender was not very attentive set there for quite a while didn't feel welcome like in the past.
One star for the shopping. This place needs a new owner and a new staff. Incredibly rude and not customer friendly. I'm sorry did I interrupt your social hour?
Fast service at the drive through, very good coffee. Support local businesses instead of chains and drop in at Cargo Coffee! I always go through this place in the morning when I am in Madison on business.
this mimis has gone way down hill, acouple managment changes really hasnt helped much
Great food!\nWe ordered the shepherd's pie, some cherry dessert, lobster roll.
This Hard Rock is really nothing special. It is much smaller than most of them and doesn't have any really spectacular memorabilia in it. Still, it is a good place to get souvenirs that say Phoenix and very convenient to downtown sporting events. Food and service are OK.
Great food and service! We live right around the corner and go here regularly. My husband always gets the Reuben Benedict and I love the French toast. Biscuits and gravy are really good too.
Not that great. Food is sub par. I am always cold when I go.
If you want a piece of tranquility, this is one the places I would recommend.  Nice location to take pictures, walk, hike, do out door activities and many more.  Recommend everyone to check this place out.
I would like to leave a better review.  According to Yelp,  they are open at 6am.  I have been trying several times to reach them with no success or return call.
The ONLY place we go when craving something sweet.  Pistachio = winning.
Cockroachs running on the tables, burgers were pale. Not so tasty. Needs major change in management. I like other dennys. But not this one.
Not happy with this location. Went in for an oil change and they did not put the oil cap back on. Now I have oil that leaked on my driveway and a huge mess of oil under the hood. Seems like a simple task to put the cap back on, but they managed to screw it up.
Nice friendly people to deal with it, got my Challenger from Paul. Thanks !!!! AVOID Sahara Dodge.
Personally I think it is the nicest hotel in Vegas. It is expensive but if you want to splurge it is worth it.
Amazing food.\nBig Portions\nGreat service
My girlfriends and paid to take a photo in the photo booth and the camera was turned to the wall. I asked 4 different people to help us or at least give us a refund and every person told me to ask someone else for help. After waiting over 20 mins we gave up. Extremely upset with the horrible customer services.
I like visiting ethnic stores and being amused with authentic foods they carry. Fujiya Market is small grocery with Japanese foods and bright (tacky?) magazines. It has little Japanese community corner. Worth a visit.
My aunt found a cockroach in her salad here.\n\nOtherwise, good selection. OK food.\n\nCockroach still scares me though.
I ordered the eggs Benedict and it was bland. The French toast was huge, light and airy but the syrup tasted like it was out of a Kroger brand bottle. Also the oj was not fresh, probably out of a frozen concentrate. \n\nThe service was good and prices ok.
I think the Asian-Mexican fusion is mind-blowing.  Who would have thought you'd get a jade chicken quesadilla?  Sometimes the flavors can be kind of bland, but the Snickerdoodle cookies are to die for. I can't even describe it, you just have to go get one.
Thank you Darla for a relaxing massage. The location was easy to find. Also, schedule the appointment was easy.
Clean location.  Staff could be more energetic.  They were yawning, during the party.
they always greet every customer here
Talk about EXPENSIVE!! Had a hankering for mexican food and this was not good! We got 6 tacos (three for each of us) and one drink, it was almost $30! and they were not even filling. Just blah! No bueno!
Terminal 2 is possibly the slowest security  I have ever been through, anywhere. Allow plenty of time especially in the morning.
I love this place, might be a bit childish for me, but I LIKE IT! It brings me joy seeing all the M&M merchandise, makes me want to buy everything!!!! Might be over-priced....a little bit...
Only come here if you don't care about how you smell afterward. \nAfter you eat here, there is a strong odour that comes with you afterward. \nTheir food tasted okay, but I heard people had diarrhea afterward, maybe their food is not that fresh...
Well, in more recent visits here the flavor selection is really limited, and not good. They usually have 1 SF flavor now and it's not good. The regular yogurt itself is just so-so. Not nearly as creamy and delicious as it used to be. When stores change hands you can usually tell a difference. Sorry!
Pretty good burgers and fries here. If I would have known the amount of fries they served with each meal, I probably would have made the suggestion of just ordering one serving and sharing it amongst my cohorts.\n\nThe cute waitress did an excellent job with service. No complaints.
Even though this is an outlet, the prices are fairly similar to a normal retail store. There are some sales, but I didn't see anything above an additional 10% off. They did have some clothing that was an additional 50% off the sale price, but I didn't feel like buying a sweatshirt when it was 115 degrees outside.
I like the setting and this hotel has a lot of space very chill...
Not impressed with the service or the food. Took over 3 hours, fish was mushy and under cooked. I have used Yelp in the past to search for restaurants but had never signed up until today due to such a bad experience with this restaurant.
kinda boring despite the decent view you'll get from up top, that's really all there is to it.
Price range from $20 for breakfast, $30 for lunch, $40 for dinner, that's just me rounding it up:)  Went there for dinner. Food wasn't anything different from any other buffet. But the customer service was great from the whole staff. I was impressed by the service more than the food.
Employees and staff are extremely rude and unhelpful.  Overcrowded, broken equipment, hazards on the floors.  STAY AWAY!!!\n\n24 hour fitness is a little more expensive but it will save you a lot of grief.
Fantastic place away from the strip. Fresh breakfast and great service. We liked it so much we went both mornings we were in Vegas. Good food and good prices. Their pancakes are my favorite.
Great place! I loved the intimate atmosphere, not like your big salons on the strip but you get the same quality. Prices are reasonable. I had a shampoo and blow out from Misty and have already scheduled an appointment for color.
The bun bo hue was great but the egg rolls were spoiled We had to tell them to take it back...gross.
Haven't been to a dentist in a long time and knew I was past due for a cleaning. Did some research and found Silver State Smiles based upon their positive reviews. So far, I've had two appointments and this place is excellent! Extremely nice, professional and thorough - Dr. Kitchen and Karla are exceptional. Thank you!
The Pizza is above average for Pittsburgh but that is not saying much for Pittsburgh pizza.  It does not even compare to pizza from New York or Chicago but takes a close second to a DiGiorno pizza.
I went in to purchase overalls and was treated so rudely I had to walk out even though he had the item I wanted.  I will never step foot in this placec of business again.
I had an awesome bday here the atmosphere in most high end steak houses is very stuffy these guys were fun and very accommodating .....the food was amazing I cant wait to go back and get more Brussels sprouts...YES Brussels sprouts they were awesome!
woah...different is what I an say...loved the host she's very entertaining.  Definitely go with a open mind because its nothing like any other Cirque show.
The Spot is LIVE, D.J. Mike Really knows  how to mix!!!!! Friendly staff, nice Sports Bar!!!
If your going to have pizza in your name, do it right. For that price on a personal pizza it's not worth it. Staff is nice and clean environment, but we won't return.
The best! Both food and service were wonderful.
Best french onion soup around.  Lunch prices are affordable and this is a cuisine unique to downtown.\n\nGreat addition to market square! Plus they participate in LoyalTree mobile rewards program.
Food is okay, the pancakes are good and you get big portion. It is nothing spectacular. It's ihop quality food but more expensive. The service was extremely poor. We waited an hour to be seated and another hour to get our food. I would not go back, there are  better breakfast options around the area.
I think el torrito tastes better than this stuff.  I know Vegas places has a price premium but there are many places to get better bang for your buck
Best burger & fries for the vegetarians! The black bean burger here is the best I have eaten ever. Plus thy have so many free toppings & sauces! Sweet potato & smash fries are the best! ( hint: try combining them :))
I had to remove my thoughts on Cream.  If you are interested in why I am disgusted with this place and will never go back you can email me.
I will definitely be returning to Luciano's! I loved the ambiance, antipasti board and the service.
the complaints with the portion and price are right. i think this place is no different than any of the other chinese restaurants uptown for quality and taste though. maybe its because they are paying for the location. who knows
Food was not as great as I read on the reviews. I went to have a nice dinner with my wife and the waiter was hitting on me. Gross.\n\nfood was overpriced and restaurant not that nice.
LOVE OHSO so much! Great food. Great beer. And super dog friendly with an awesome patio (my favorite part) 5 Stars for OHSO
The chicken wings were awesome!  And the hotdog was great for the price.  It came with fries for only $3.50.   Great for the price.  Used the wing meat the next day for a crostini topped with a red bellpepper gouda and meat from the leftovers!  It was a good meal at a reasonable price!
Love the ambience! Be it coffee or a drink, it is a calm place to just relax and unwind! Pictures attached
Food is great just don't like that they charge 50cents more if u use your debit card under $10 purchase. That is not a selling point by doing that only drives people away from coming back.
Unique selections. The burritos are HUGE and very good. The lump crab & avocado quesadilla is my favorite. Table-side guacamole is also delicious. \n\nHas complimentary valet  and outside seating.
I experienced my first poutine at this place. Nice quaint little place, but the food is amazing! I'm glad I got to experience my poutine here. Actually went to this place twice in one day. One for lunch and one for after late night drinking.
Best japaneese food in Montr\u00e9al! If you take out, you have to wait 30 min minimum and outside. You have to know that
Good service,  pizza is always made how we ordered it, been going here for years and never had a terrible experience
I had the tuna avocado sandwich and the energy booster super smoothie...very tasty! I will be returning to try some of their veggie juices :)
Our third time here! The peppercorn burger was thick and juicy. The coal fired flame really makes this burger standout above ALL others in town. The onion rings are perfectly cooked and golden brown. The buns are not ordinary either. They are custom baked. Love the burgers here.
I visited this place near 2-3am on a Friday night and it was packed!!!! Cheap delicious food on the north side of the strip available to you at all hours! Yum!
I've been here a few times and it is always inconsistent . The Burgers are pretty tasty but they are super greasy. The fries are good when there hot....
the cashiers are rude.there are a lot of people outside begging for change and they do nothing about it.drug deals in the parking lot.drinking on the premises.i am scared to go there at night so i dont.
Good rooms for a great price... clean and comfortable.. the only issue I had was they did not have a coffee maker in the room. Otherwise great place
Ok place.  Service was good.  Nothing to write home about. Lots of parking.  There are better brew pubs in town if you are looking for good beer, but not many that are bigger.
They could do a better job cleaning the floor but otherwise its a standard Regal which is my preferred movie theater.  great location with tons of before or after dinner options.
Unprofessional. Really nice interior design though!
Pretty good fast Asian food. Nice service. And they got brown rice , so it works for me!
If you love seafood, this is a must go.  If you don't, then go to The Buffet at Wynn instead.  I wish this was on the strip, so I wouldn't have to take a taxi just to go eat this place every time.
Another tired redevelopment chalk full of shopping, chain dining (Cheesecake factory, Pita Pit, ETC.) and lots of pay parking. The only reason the Waterfront is better is free parking and the AMC theatre.
Great ambiance. Food good but nothing to brag about for sure. Quality, service, decor all trendy and awesome.  They had a cool outdoor space that looked great for private events.
Great Hotel. Love it
I had the Mini Iceberg Wedges - (applewood-smoked bacon, point reyes blue, teardrop tomatoes, sweet red onions)-- D'LISH!!!
The good was great and prices are affordable.  We were surprised that the food arrived just five minutes after ordering.   Quick and pleasant service was a big plus at this venue.
I was totally surprised this place is good. The food is cheap and quick but very tasty.
This place needs help in the customer service department for sure! The associates are rude. On top of that,  no matter  what time of day you go in they have a VERY, VERY limited selection of donuts, very disappointing for the kids!
A little surprised..\n\nLunch on a Saturday and everyone that works here looks like they are hung over.  Giving food to the wrong people and not making food at all...  Great food and nice place but I will steer clear of this place for my good at catering needs...
The BEST Sushi in town by far. All others hail in comparison. Head chef Kim is and the staff is very personable. The sushi itself is unbelievable. Best place in town, i've eaten at many sushi places.
Couldn't have had better service. Honest, dedicated mechanics who will only recommend / perform the work needed....great follow up and attention to the client while offering fair and honest labor and parts. if you want to take care of your euro, you take it here!!
Great Pizza but Not  Second Amendment Friendly\n\nIn this area and the free range crack heads I will laugh when they get held up\n\nBut  \" No Guns\" is OK\n\nThe fat balding manager is  jagoff\n\nGood pizza
Out of biscuits.  Yes.  Just out.  Not busy on my visit, and yet my simple food order takes a very long time (remember, this is an airport location with a limited menu and no seating).  Then, they got the order wrong and of course it's too late to go back and get it corrected.
Had a wonderful dinner with John as our chef.  Everything he prepared was to perfection.  There is a tendency of hibachi chefs to overcook food especially the shrimp.   This was not the case.  So happy that the shrimp was cooked perfectly for a change!  Thanks John!
Cara was amazballs!!!! I'm from out of state and my charger stopped working that I bought in CA.  She replaced it, no hassle knowing she wouldn't even be making a commission.. Make sure you ask for her
This is an okay airport, and I can only say this because I have had connecting flights through Charlotte Douglas on my way to Brasil. What makes this airport better than others is that they offer free wifi, but a deserted airport really is not my cup of tea.
One of Vegas's best free attractions!  We go once a season to catch the newest display!
Nothing special!
Very disappointed was our first time at the restaurant and we have to wait more than 50 minutes to get my food but not my wife's food so we have to walk out the server was very friendly but she don't give us a reason. Why our food was taking so long
I love Steele Indian park, but the dog park is GHETTO.  'Nuff said.
Friendly service. Huge portions for our reasonably priced meal. No problems accommodating our party of 6. Our party had antipasta, wings, pizza & Stromboli. Everyone was happy with their meal. Would recommend.
I was very disappointed with this hiking area. The trails are not well marked and there was a lot of litter. Some areas were more like a trash dump than a nature preserve.\n\nI am a very seasoned hiker with a keen sense of my surroundings and did not feel safe.
This is a great mid strip hotel. The rooms are well appointed and a good value. The casino is standard for the strip. My friends and I enjoy Mon Ami Gabi every time we visit Vegas. We also use the gazebo bar as our meeting place whether we are staying at Paris or not.
A great break from plastic Vegas. Real local artists and vendors. Go and support them. A couple interesting eateries too.
It's Vegas,  they have baby free samples of frozen cocktail! \n\nI would have to say of all the quick bites held in ph, next to Earls of course would be Fresh Grill! They have a friendly staff and decent bites of sandwich, fresh house chips and all the different types of sauces you want!
The service was awful! The food was awful! The overall experience... You guessed it... Awful! A group of us were there Tuesday night and waited 15 minutes before ever being greeted! Our drink order was wrong, and our food sucked! So very disappointed.
Love the food, real authentic Brazilian!\nAsk for the lunch special is awesome. \nFantastic service.
Love the location. The staff is really nice and helpful.. The Lockers room needs to be cleaned up. It sucks that u have to pay just to use a locker. The pool can be bigger.
Great place. Nice craft beer selection, food with local ingredients. Try the Turkey Quesadilla! And Tyler, the bartender is so friendly and knowledgeable.
I like to think this is a healthy lunch spot but I'm a sucker for the pizza, the ice cream and the muffins. \nMy grandsons love this place and they eat more than their money's worth.\nGood spot - go hungry :-)
Sat down to a dirty table and waited 15 minutes for service, one of us spilled a water and the waitress asked us to leave. She was extremely rude and unprofessional. If you want to eat at a dirty restaurant with terrible service this is the place for you.
Took 40mins (and i was next in line) for me to exchange my 2 chargers that I had 2 replace 4months ago.the guy that helped me was to busy checking out women to wait on me
Came here only to find out that my two favorite bartenders were gone. And since the current bartenders are catty bitchy females who obviously didn't want my money (as shown by their eye rolling) I happily took my money and my tendency to tip 50% elsewhere. The food here sucks, anyway.
Lovely little shop offering lots for the professional and amateur baker alike.  Staff have always been helpful and friendly when i've been in.
I have been to a lot of all you can eat  sushi places, and this one is at the bottom of my list. I am glad i did not get their all you can eat because the sushi was not that good at all. Overall... i was not impressed and probably won't make the drive all the way out there again.
Ate here on 10/21, and was pretty happy with my experience. I had the chicken pot pie which was great, and my husband had the filet with blue cheese crust which he enjoyed. Good wine list, and service was good. My only issue was the high pressure upselling that was constantly taking place, it made it hard to relax.
Been a dozen times. \nSuper yummy food. \nI'm into the mahi fish, katsu and pork combo now. \n\nFinally nice to get some rice in Arizona.
Pretty weak lunch...calamari salad was tough, cheap Chinese crap, crab dip was edible
Don't plan to eat there.  Clearly the place is intended to only be a carry out place.  Food comes out in to go containers and you get packets of soy sauce etc.  Food wasn't bad but it wasn't very good either.  I would not return.
If it weren't in the Palms, it might be better.  As it stands, it's quite a trek for a bar with a view of Vegas.\n\nBut hey, if you feel like waiting in a 2-hour line before you drink, the Ghost Bar is a good place to start.
if I could give 0 stars I would. they rip you off and make bullshit reservations that don't even exist. almost ruined my Vegas experience but thank god We found ppl who were actually legit and got us into clubs. never trust these ppl. even the club bouncers told us they were fake
Legacy lanes is simply the best bowling experiejnce you will find in Pittsburgh. The food is top notch.  The bowling alley itself is top notch.  The sports bar is a great place to catch a game. My family threw a private party in there reserved area.  I would recommend hosting a party at legacy lanes to anyone
They have a huge selection of flavors. The prices are pretty decent and they let you try different flavors. The staff was very polite and friendly. Good experience. I will definitely be willing to go back.
Found hair in my pizza and they still wanted me to pay for it.
Poor service, worse food. One star because the beer was cold.
This place was just ok... It was not worth the wait in the long line.
I was excited to try this place because of all the yelp reviews but according to the waitress there isn't any vegetarian options on the menu....WEIRD??
I followed Jordana to R Salon when she left Snapdragon. She's awesome! Her cuts never disappoint. She's meticulous and always makes sure you leave happy.
My fave pizza near the burgh.  The sauce is so unique... it's sweet and delicious.  I like the wings here too.  I don't know why.  I just like the combo of hot wing sauce with sweet pizza sauce.  Located in a weird spot up a hill, near a feisty local bar.
Jessica was fabulous and quick!!!  All of it only took an hour and probably because we were talking...ZEasy to find location and great suite.  Thanks Jessica.
They need to rename this the Barffet at Bellagio.  This buffet sucks fatty balls.
I eat here once a week or so. Free, fast delivery even on First Friday! I'm a big fan of the California Club. Super friendly service with a smile. My favorite lunch in the Arts District!
Truly one of the best restaurants we've ever been to, the vegan raw cashew chicken lettuce wraps were incredible, so fully satisfying and the service was impeccable. We will definitely be coming back!
This place sucks. Please seat yourself and please serve yourself. After sitting for about 5 minutes we watched 3 servers ignore us & had to go inside. We watched this happen with 2 other tables. The music sucks, don't order liquor drinks because you'll be paying $10 for soda water!
Huge portions! Good for sharing. Really reminds me of my meals in Kauai & the big Islands. Laulau feast has a lot of selection. Some sides were too salty though. Oxtail soup is very good (comparable to the one at California casino). Huge hit with the kids!!! Will be back.
I stop in here every Sunday morning with the girls from my spin class at MiC and absolutely love it! Prices for drinks aren't my fav but they taste so good it's worth it xoxox
Terrible. Debit card machine on pump never works. And seriously, it's 2013, quit charging for debit card use, you stupid dinosaurs.
Ate here twice (dinner) during our last stay. I would say that is is above average at a price that is lower than average. Good food and good variety.  Clean and good service. I will definitely eat here when I go back.
Had a not-so-great experience at US Egg. My veggie frittata was really soggy, like a veggie frittata soup. The frozen vegetables must have thawed in the dish.
Asian fusion food.  Very busy, usually a wait for dinner.  The food is above average, but the decor is very cramped.  With the usual crowd, this is not a place for a sedate dinner, but its central location makes it a nice place to eat before doing something else in the area.
Great pizza, casual dining and great staff!!!!
Of the three Mexican food places in Florence, Jalapenos is the best! Their burrito selection is plentiful and the burritos are huge...try the Chilli Relleno Burrito.
Though good accommodations, I had a very dishonest experience here that makes me unlikely to stay here again and thank god there's plenty of other options in Vegas.
Great customer service! Ask for Carlos when you need to get around Phoenix he can answer all your questions & give wonderful recommendations!
If you love ice cream that's super thick and creamy, jump on the frozen custard band wagon!  I think the concretes here are by far better than other ice cream I've had!  The flavors can change, and are great, but that consistency makes this amazing!
This place does not have good deep dish. The crust is funky tasting/smelling. I read other reviews that people got sick from it, and my girlfriend today woke up sick. I would definitely not eat this again.
Will agree with Mio S. Good quality, fresh, friendly pep. \nActually their salad looked better than pizza.
pretty good food. We always have the pho and orange chicken. close to home\uff0c always the goto location when in a hurry
Based on the reviews here, I called Jeff and he was able to meet me in the far west valley a few hours later.  I only needed some minor work done, but the service was professional, punctual, friendly, and priced fairly. What more can you ask for? If you need a locksmith, call A 1/Jeff!!
Good food. Good service. Great place to take the kids!
Someone said this place smelled like a bathroom. I'm pretty sure that was the guy sitting next to me. This place is fine. Nothing special. I certainly wouldn't go out of my way to return, and I live within 200ft. But it's ok.
Saturday afternoon I decided to try out the new Dukes Tavern. I was greeted by their daytime bartender Linda a country girl with class.  I had the sliders and a beer. ok  atmosphere but they need to get bigger TV's or I'll have to bring ,y glasses next time.
My personal favorite crazy mocha location. I like the staff and they make delicious vanilla & spice chai tea lattes.
Steve and Justin always do a great job.  Red Truck is the only company that I feel that I can trust to get the job done right.
I'm NOT saying don't eat here. I AM saying make sure to order the right food. Good chimichangas, great salsa and service!. Bad spinach enchiladas! Gross fish taco.\nCarne asada is ok.
First time here! I ordered the Bay Area French Toast, the fb had the traditional breakfast. Both of us were surprised at how much food there was on the plates and how fast they came out (we came at the prime time breakfast hour, on a Sunday no less).
Another of Madison's microbrewery joints.  This one is quite spacious, especially after expanding into the antique market next door and building out a huge billiards room and new bar.  The downstairs area features a secluded backyard patio surrounded by ivy-covered walls reminescent of a New Orleans cafe.  Cool place.
On a recent visit, I noticed the Chinese menu was no longer available.  I managed to order one off-menu item but unfortunately it did not taste like it should have. Found the overall experience disappointing compared to previous visits.
The Pineapple Salsa & homemade chips is amazing. The Wings are great & the beer is ice cold too! Perfect place to watch the games on Sundays, EVERY game is on all the TV's!
I found worms in my esquites !!!!! What the flying fudge Is that !!! I would put no stars if I could I know Lilia and she's better than this Jes\u00fas does not approve !!!
I've been to a ton of sporting events, and this is definitely my favorite.  I will be back at the 16th hole this year for sure!
The wait at the Pharmacy and Customer Service desk is always outrageous.  They need to staff better on weekends. Plus the Pharmacy needs longer hours.
Location isn't everything. Had to stand up after 10 minutes to find a waiter to take our order. Chips and salsa came out seconds before the food. Isaac was a good waiter but he did not make up for the poor and over priced food. They even messed up the chips and salsa which is very hard to accomplish.
Love this place! The food, atmosphere and service all were A+. I can't wait to go back and try their lunch menu.
Easy to spend an hour in this place. Prices are decent, and the staff is very freindly.
It's a Paradise. Friendly service and consistent food as per the average Paradise. Perfect for a quick bite.
Probably my favorite pizza place in the Valley, great service and great food! I've been here multiple times with different sized groups and never been disappointed.  The cassanova pizza here is the best, I would recommend it to anyone!
Service was friendly. Store was understaffed and dirty. Very expensive compared to Yogurtland. I won't be returning. Ice cream was good. Self serve is better... I can pick a little of each topping without being rushed by an impatient kid.
Talk about GREAT pizza!  The Caesar salad was also great!  A must try is the Thai pizza and the Fawsome pizza...BOTH favorites :)
Great selection. Sushi. Hibachi.  Will make anything you want.
I think the \" ribeye\" was the thinnest I have ever seen. I think they sliced it in half. I've had better at Denny's. Tasteless and way overpriced on the food. Very disappointed.
Standard Texas Roadhouse.  We were seated as soon as we walked in the door.  I ordered the Prime Rib and it was excellent.  I also had a caesar salad with my food.
Good truffles, Bon bons and nougat. \nLove that they always give a free sample!\n\nCome here for a quick fix..
I ordered the Paella here and it was drenched in oil.  That dish sat in my belly and damn near immobilized me.\n\nMy kids like it in there.  My wallet doesn't.  All that stuff they've got going on in there is merely to distract you from the awful food they serve.
Not much to say just OK.
They stop making decaf at 12. So I was told, that's odd since you would figure a lot of people don't want caffeine later in the day. Oh well. It is what it is.
Excellent bloody mary and excellent mini pretzel bread and garlic butter.\n\nBoth the wings and the meatballs were a little on the dry side, but I really loved all the accompanying sauces.
This is by far my favorite Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas! Mexican is my favorite style of food and the modernized menu here is mouth watering. I have brought just about all of my family and friends and not one disappointed tummy yet. It is reasonably priced and has an interesting vibe.
Neil is a consummate pro. We've had him put in blinds at both our old house and new and he's been on time with great prices and fast delivery and install. Will use again for all out future window cover needs!
I'm from ny, and visiting so this branch is ok... Lil dark ... Equipment seems in great condition, lil smelly but it's a gym ... Not a bad place though
Food is awesome but drinks are kind of watered down.  Sitting outside is nice because it's quieter and you don't have to yell across the table to talk to your company.  However I had a great time during my last visit!
Go Pens! Kielbasa Grinder is dope. Full pork nachos, a bit much. And kind of enjoy sitting on the upper deck near the bar area, better than the lower level. \n\nBut who's coming for the food at this place, really?
I got the La Campagne Turkey Burger with turkey bacon, fried egg and white cheddar cheese... the burger was good, but not special. I wouldn't go back just because it is Vegas and there is so much other spectacular things to eat!
I'll keep it short: raw foie gras on my foie gras poutine? Hahahaha, hell no.\nA waste of time (long lines) & money.\n\n\n(I still love the actual restaurant mucho though)
I wasn't that impressed, but we enjoyed the halo-halo and the bakery had some good treats.
This restaurant is a favorite of mine in Vegas. Have been here multiple times. Great Caesar salad, very interesting rendition of onion soup that comes with a dipping grilled cheeese sandwich, a fantastic lobster pot pie and a great chicken with dumplings. Good service.
Busy corner, valet required, but a perfect casual and tasty place for a mid-week business lunch.  Very accommodating (changes requested for 2 of 3 dishes at table) and nothing but solid positive comments from all parties I was with.  Friendly, quick very pleasant service too.  I'll go back.
Coffee is amazing and the crepes are wonderful.  Great vegetarian options and love the touch of fried egg on top!
Was really craving gyro. Meh. Tasteless. They didnt even heat it up/grilled it. It tasted boiled. like bolgna but from a can. Tsaziki bland. Falafel tasted like cardboard. A+ for friendly and fast service but F for food.
Decent dim sum and a crazy screaming host to boot.
Very nice ppl and food was pretty good at the right price. Lunch special 3.95 select sushi rolls
I've been coming here for about 2 years! Their shrimp fried rice is awesome! It is located right next to my work, so it is very convienant for me. Love the service here! Very fast and friendly! Their lunch menu is also cheap and delicious!
Went to this restaurant several times in Lumberton NC. This is the first time I went to the restaurant in Concord NC. Had the oven roasted chicken. Not the best ever but it was pretty good. The kids enjoyed it too.
This is a hidden gem!! Excellent and authentic Italian food at a good price! Service is awesome and a nice quaint intimate environment. It's one of my favorite restaurants in the area. I often bring people who visit from out of town for the excellent food.
Mediocre, too much sugar, not enough protein (though you can pay extra for chicken) and not a great value for the money. But I still enjoy it once in awhile for reasons I can't even explain.
Great food with a good selection of beer. The place can be a tad dark, but it just adds the the ambiance of the place. Nice outside seating as well.
The show was decent. There was no story line to follow and it was a bit confusing. Not sure what the clowns were in the show for.
Perfect example of why this countries judicial system is a joke. These lawyers are a fine example of corruption as they make their money off of honest home owners and crooked HOA's. I suggest an honest lawyer look into their records and sue them.
The room was huge and clean.  The cafe is delicious! I highly recommend this hotel if you want a decent rate for a nice place.
Quaint and relaxing.  Very small!!!! Outdoor seating with nice views.  Please don't go there for a quick bite to eat.  Go there for great food and delicious coffee.  We had to wait awhile for our food but what a great place to relax and have conversation.  Friendly staff!  A Carefree gem!
Not my favorite, but always worth a stop if I find myself at Tempe Marketplace.  While it's clean enough and has a nice topping bar, it has fewer flavors than other shops in town.  It seems I always end up disappointed in the choices available that day.  But I do somehow manage to find enough to overfill my cup.
Excellent remodel makes a classic location for food and drinks even better. There are plenty of TV's for watching sports and the food is excellent.
My experience here has been great. After a terrible experience with another practice, I am so grateful to have found this place. Dr Langer is an amazing OB and she delivered my son.
Went with some friends with happy hour and was disappointed. The food was not good, the only fish we enjoyed was the eggplant with shrimp. We sent everything else back unfinished, especially the beef carpaccio. \nThe drinks were ok, but had very little alcohol. \nOverall I would not come back.
Good food good but not great. Only had the cob salad & the shrimp. Beer selection was off the hook. Owner was lost when I asked him ?'s but the barkeep knew his stuff. Wished they sold growlers. I be there once a week.
Over the holidays front desk not staffed to face crowd. Same really comfortable beds but very dated bathrooms. Heard that renovations are in the work. It's a good thing as it can't justify 5 stars pricing in its current state. I personally wouldn't pay regular prices but really good deal on a corporate rate.
Someone needs to move the trash bins somewhere away from the drive thru I could smell cheese already.\n\nIt's relatively inexpensive food.
I enjoyed the games drinks and walking around it. I see a few bad post about the rooms. Makes me want to check it out because just walking around looking at the artistic decor thoughout the casino I couldn't believe that they would make the rooms cheap.
Good beer and the lamb was great
We stayed at a Fab Luxury room. It was neither!! I was not impressed. The bathroom looks old and not very well kept (mildew in the caulking). The furniture is old fashion and banged up. Plus an ugly furry throw on the bed. Only stayed here cause we got comped.
Cheap, feels dirty, and quality is just not there. The only plus side is that it's on the strip and really connected to the surrounding area, and the stores on the second level.
They got both of my orders right, that's all I'm looking for.
Can't believe I can't give zero stars on Yelp! The unhealthy menu and disruptive drive-thru are enough to justify my review. Eat local before stooping to this slop. Healthy choices abound in Scottsdale. Search them out and lose McD's.
Not the best i've had.. The service is not good, the food is so so, and the pricing seems to be a bit high for the quality.
It is what it is...a Station Casino buffet.  The good is just okay and the line is usually long.  It's not bad and it's not good...nobody got sick and everyone left full.
Service was slow! Crepes over priced! Two stars cause I really really really love creeps--all Crepes not just here..
I had a great experience here! Went in last minute and was able to get in right away! Tom did my nails and he was amazing. Good nails and gives great massages ! I liked this place. Wasn't crazy about it being in Walmart, but other than that good experience! I
Have had my order messed up each time over the last 3 visits, employees don't seem to be working very hard.... Much better locations elsewhere.
The food here is not so great. I do not recommend anyone coming here to spend money. The service was okay but not how a diner should be. Blt, no mayo? Really? Weird. The toast was over toasted and very chewy. The bacon was over cooked. Ehh kind of place. Will not be back.
Food was really good. We came in with our volleyball team right before closing and they still accommodated all of us (30). Great staff. I would definitely eat here again
I had to go from B to E, and it only took about 10 minutes. I thought that I'd have to change terminals but nope! Great shops and restaurants, very clean, easy to get around, beautiful gardens inside too
Great place!  Especially before a long night (EDC)  Great sangria,  awesome food
The staff at this location was very helpful.  I am not able to give them a completed rating, however, as I left pillows to be cleaned and it will take several weeks.  They offered a nice discount and will send an email when all is ready.
We always go to Lawry's whenever we're in Vegas and it never disappoints! Love the food and service is usually good as well.
This place is a happy hour gem. First off, their staff is amazing. Marlena is very knowledge and always has good recommendations when it comes to their large selection of alcoholic beverages. Happy hour gets you half off drinks and appetizers. I'm there every Tuesday night! See you there!
Great burgers and fries are okay. I have to try that animal style :) the bad thing about this place is there's not that much room to eat and you'll be waiting on your car to the outside for a bit..it gets packed afternoon.
Excellent old school jersey sandwich shop.  Reminds me of a sub shop down the shore. To bad they don't have 1980's prices.  But we love Jersey Mike's anyway. \n\nCan't wait to eat here again.
Last two times my husband went here to get me frozen yogurt they were out of caramel. Horrible!!! We might have to find a new frozen yogurt place to go to.
Great Tacos! As good as it gets.  Probably the second best tacos I have ever had, finishing a close second behind Taco Guild!!!
Love this place the icecream is amazing my only complaint is they run out of cookies so I miss out on my favorites a lot . The salted caramel with a chocolate chip cookie is crazy good.
Totally mediocre at best. we have tried it twice and its dry and laking in flavor. Maybe if your order the vegan option, its ok but if you want big, bold flavor...Try elsewhere. In a pizza town like this, we won't go back.
Our favorite little thai place close to home.  Clean restaurant, friendly staff, consistently great food!  Our go-to items are Spicy Noodle, Orange chicken, cashew chicken, spicy fried rice and potstickers.  We've tried several other items on the menu and they've all been good!
This place is definitely one of the better restaurants in Las Vegas based on taste. Pricing is a little outrageous.  Food is cooked in lard which is what makes everything tastes great.  If I made my steaks with lard it would taste great too.\n\nAmbiance and service is 5 stars.
Business trip brought me to Montreal. Room was clean and contemporary. Bed was comfortable. Coffee was really good that hotel served at business meetings. \n\nI would recommend hotel for business travelers. Close walking distance to sights.
Really good, fast Chinese food. Wish they had couple things that other Chinese restaurant have but none the less awesome food.
This place has the worst coffee ever, and their mass produced and over priced bagels aren't much better. I spent $6 on a bagel, cream cheese, and a coffee. Nope, not worth it. Not at all. Especially since their coffee tastes like watered down crap.
Great dinner for a decent Vegas price. Crab cake was pretty good but the grape and almond soup de jour was delicious and different.
Found this via Yelp.  Really great find. Lived the atmosphere.  Great service. Interesting items.  We ordered several appetizers instead of an entree. We like tapa style dining.  Reasonable pricing. Tuesday night is. 2 appetizers and 2 cocktails for $20. CAnt beat that!!
These deviled eggs topped with bacon are to die for! Added plus got 10% off for checking in! This place is so freaking good, I really will be back to try more of the menu.
Food quality has diminished. Need to make a small investment & purchase some new table place mats to replace the worn/ratty ones.
Fantastic patio area.....as long as the weather is good! Friendly service with your standard Starbucks menu.
I've had better than this place. Yes it had unlimited sushi and other seafood, but the rest of the food was not bad but not good. I found that the only \"highlight\" was the dessert selection. I really wouldn't go back unless someone else paid.
Fav Chinese in Phoenix area!  Fast order/take out too.  Family always wants Flos when they visit.  I like very spicy and lots of veggies.
see. i told you so :-)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))
Don't you wish this place was cheaper? And faster? And didn't have such a garish color scheme? Nicer employees? Maybe better food too? Well, actually a place like that exists. It's called schenley park cafe.
The pizza is sooooo good! The food is very authentic, but a little expensive. Pretty fast service, and it is a great little gem! Good luck finding parking, but it is totally worth it!
FINALLY a good Jewish Deli!  Don't leave without trying the Matzo Ball Soup!!!!
Love the beer, but the service not so much. Two women talking Spanish in the back the entire time. Took 10-15 minutes to get the tab. But I like the environment and beer and would will come back.
Meh, I was not impressed overall. It was just too crowded to play the games, people kept bumping into each other.
Good golden wings and chips, but the service is not that good.
Worst service ever guy in pink shirt! Waited 45 mins for tacos. Food is good when you can get it. Gave the place two tries for better experience.
My husband and I went to have lunch there by far the best colombian food! Best empanadas and Natural juices! And the service is awesome I just hope it stays like that! So far I love it!
I'm not a fast food afficianado, but it I have to eat it, I'd rather eat In N Out.  It wasn't terrible, it just wasn't anything amazing.
It's in a great location but terrible customer service....from the manager. I had a problem and it was resolved at another JC Penny's, four hours away.
A very dark and quaint bar in Old Town.  We enjoyed the wine selection and fresh appetizers/small plates.   My wife said the Tamales were the best she has ever had.  The bar doesn't start jumping till 9pm when the live bands start.
We love this place.  It's close to home and never disappoints.  I can honestly say, that I've never eaten anything I don't like.  It's always a sure thing.
they sold me a power drill RIGID a refurbished which actually was used and used heavily
Great coffee house, although they don't have a big selection of coffee. They service wraps and sandwiches. Some pastries. Great place to read a book, do homework, and lounge. They do however, close very early. I believe 7pm. That's pretty early for Vegas, no? oh they have free wifi for customers
From the looks,  this hotel rock ... but don't be fooled,  it's a shit hotel made to look nice from the outside. I'm on floor 5 and can hear every sound from the club below. The walls are paper thin and I won't be ever staying here again. Make up on a huge pig.
Trendy.  It is the Ikea of clothing stores.
Food was great, portion size was great except for the alfajores, they need to increase them.
This is a middle of the road kinda place.\nI'm sure there are better places out there but, there are also far worse.\nI felt satisfied buying from them. \n\nI got a decent vest from them and a decent blazer. It works for me and my budget.
So happy to see Thai Basil open at PV Mall. We had dinner there last night and it was awesome!!!  The red curry is my favorite but everything was great, as was the service. I will be going there often.
Local pizza joint across from Oliver High School. I would say it depends on your taste, not my first choice of pizza in Pittsburgh. \n\nAdequate? Yes
Just went back and the Asian Tuna burger was delicious!
This location is very CLEAN! Employees are always very kind. I travel the extra length to come to this location because I know my food will be made right in a clean environment!
About the same as the others said. It's edible, its alright, its by far not the best Thai food I've had. If you're on Walnut street and undecided and on foot, try something else. If you're in a car and set on Thai, there's another better place in town.
The men's restroom looked like it has not been cleaned or maintained for weeks: toilet paper , fecal matter on the toilet and grime throughout the entire bathroom. When I expressed my concern regarding this the goodwill employee almost laughed at me and completely ignored my concern. Was not impressed at all .
Good Pizza nice menu. Tried this place after seeing a yelp deal. Had a free slice waiting for my pie.
1)No draft beer\n2)No live band as advertised\n3) Beer is hot\n4)Over priced for drinks\n\nStay away! Don't do it! This place is not going to make it.
I love robertos. when it comes to fast Mexican food they do it best. The university location never disappoints except if there's more than a few people in line. It seems to take extraordinarily long to receive your order. But it's always hot and delicious. Staff is polite & helpful
Absolutely gorgeous place.
Ill remember this place as being crowded and overrated.
Chicago dog was awesome! Everything else not so good. Chili cheese fries sucked, slider sucked. Restaurant was dirty. I probably won't be back again.
Don't believe the hype.\n\nSandwiches were just OK and nothing memorable at all. \n\nMaybe it's the best Montreal has, but I have had better a million times over.... Sorry Schwartz....... but you sucked.
I have had a few meals at Mon Ami Gabi and they were not good and way too pricey
Great beard selection.
I don't know what everyone is talking about. I've gone in there 2 times and each time maybe around 10 minutes. The same or probably even more if u go to panda express! And if you don't like it; then I suggest you stop going and go to the one that you usually go to.
This place is a must when visiting Vegas.\nIt's a very romantic resturant and all the tables have views of the Vegas skyline.\n\nI do recommend going at night. The food was very good.\nIt is a bit pricey, but worth the experience.
I ordered the lobster bisque which was super yummy! And thr sears scallops. Scallops were good but way too pricey for the amount of food you get. Very good place to eat but definitely expect for it to put a dent in your wallet for a smaller portion.
$4.31 total for 2 tacos and a PBR; that deal can't be beaten around this area. Shredded beef tacos were delicious. The layout looks like Chipotle, but cheaper prices, food seems just as good, a little more menu variety here. Friendly staff too!
Fun. Sexy. Wild. Expensive. Best time I've had in vegas in a loooong time!! :)
This place was just ok. The salsa bar was pretty decent.
Very friendly service, super delicious donuts.  What more can you ask for?  \n\nThe eat-in area is a tad small but that is expected for a donut joint.  There are tables though.  The donuts are a tad on the small side but that's probably a good thing!
Newer location. Service was prompt and courteous -- I was also the only person on a Monday about an hour before close. \nMost importantly, ordered Banh Mi burger and sweet potato fries. Both were amazing. Burger came with Nuoc Mam sauce good enough to drink.
This place is sucks\nWe order coffee and wait for 20 minutes \nAfter that it's became they forgot our order .
The owner is a first class grump and the place is a mess. Minimum price seems to be $4.00 no matter what the condition of the book. Jane Addams books over on Neil St in Champaign is a much better experience all round.
Oldies bar meets Coyote Ugly. Fun place. High energy atmosphere, expensive drinks. Probably not the think for a whole night but if you're looking for a place for a group to meet up before you hit the Strip, this is a great choice.
The annual Futurity event was cool. It was a horse and cattle competition. So many cowboys and cowgirls. Yeeehah.\nThere was some good vendors upstairs too.
Love my lashes! Kayle was awesome!! Great customer service !! I've been going for some months now and always been satisfied with my lashes and service !!!
Beautiful restaurant , nice atmosphere. engaging wait staff  disappointing food. My wife and I recently had lunch here and to be blunt I've had better sandwiches at takeout places in strip malls , in other words price didn't match presentation.We definitely expected a little more.
It's an ok store.  Typically the cashiers are goofing off, deli is horribly slow or takes forever to acknowledge you.
We ordered what the waitress recommended us. The meat an fish was terrible. It was really dry or overcooked.\nI don't recommend that place if you just want to have a meal.
I'd have to say the pizza was average for bar pizza. I did like the homemade dough, but the pizza seemed to be missing something to make it stand out. I'd get it again if I ever end up in the Moon Doggies bar, but I would not make a special trip there for it.
The ambiance is nice and hip, but the waiters will try to sell you more things as side dishes to drive the bill up a bit. No harm really, but they can be a bit pushy. Foods okay. Pricing ain't too bad either, considering you're in an airport
Crazy out here. Carnival (ish) and ten times more outlandish than Bourbon Street in the N.O. French Quarter.
I think this place is open 24hrs\n\nGreat Sandwiches and friendly service. \n\nVery clean place. Brightly lit too. Alot of locals working in the hotels seen eating here.\n\nCheap too. They are good Bun-me sandwiches.
if you are looking for a pizza better then Pizza hut or Little caesers then this is your place...not much of a compliment but the pizza here is pretty ho-hum...
Solid service. Mediocre fare. Incessant steel drums. The nachos were typical but still appetizing. We each got a salad which came out to be disappointing but still edible. \n\nThe sweet tea is really sweet.
Been here two times, everything went super well ! 100 stars!!! Write more about it later ...
Best ribs in Vegas! Locals favorite. Microbrews for $1.50 and they are really good. The only reason I did not give 5 full stars is the hour to 2 hour wait to get a seat, as I said... locals favorite.
Been here twice and they never disappoint!   The chicken burgers and jalapeno poppers are so delicious.  I would come back again and again next time I'm in Vegas.
Great place. Convenient location. Great product. I had a vanilla with cherry, orange and pineapple with a little cream on top and it was perfect! Great owners! Great service!
Where ever lilac goes I follow ! Hands down best groomer I have found. My doggies always feel relaxed and calm with her.
Everyone's extremely nice. Especially Gina in the paint department. Total sweetheart
Cockroaches in the salsa and serving the food. Every time I've been here I wish I had gone else where.
I had eaten at the Cornish in Tempe az, so I couldn't wait for this to open! I strongly recommend this place. Will not disappoint!
Took battery back today and their was a guy named him their, very rude and unprofessional and always has to be right, when he was indeed incorrect and it was bad, I would to recommend this place to anyone... Please fire him guys he's horrible
This place gets 5 stars for the Sandwiches and total experience.  Once you get here and see the location you'll realize how good the Sandwiches are.  \n\nDon't take your mother in law.\n\nHighly recommended.
Love it!!!  Great Food, Good Service, Delivery, small family owned and very friendly. What's not to like!!!  Definitely a return trip restaurant!!!
Overpriced, weak service, small portions. We will not go back! There is better sushi in Montreal!
My eyes light up as I walk in!!!!!  The guy did a SUPERB job sharpening my knives in less than 10 minutes.  We just recommended our friends to check this place out!  If I can give 10 stars, I WOULD!
Horrible service. Just placed an order  and they gave my food to the wrong person, gave me no compensation, and took far longer to  finally get me my order than they told me. I like vegan food, but don't be such a**holes, especially when you screw up.
\"You eat your Gyros at a gas station?\"\n\nYes I do, but only because of the outdoor seating.
By far, the best Gentleman's Club in Phoenix.  The girls here are gorgeous.  It is a little pricier than some of the other places, but the eye candy is the best.  \n\nHave fun other weary travelers!
This place was good, but not super memorable. You'll want to order well in advance if you are doing pickup or delivery since it takes a long time to get your food. I've never eaten at the restaurant itself.
Expect nothing in the way of service at this station. Only 1 person working and unable to refill propane!
Great pizza and service. I wish they had one of these in Colorado. I have never given 5 stars but that was a great pizza.
Toasted Ravioli...Excellent.\nFilet Mignon...Best I've ever had.\nRibs...Best I've ever had.\nFrench Dip...Best I've ever had.\n\nLove this place.
Love...Love...Love my brows and upper and lower lids that Jackie did.  Jackie is a professional in this area and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend her to anyone who is considering having this done.  Thank You Jackie....
Horrible don't give a cr*p service. The worst I have experienced in any restaurant here in the valley! The manager Gary is an apathetic weasel with no customer service skills. Anyone want to buy a $25 gift card from this dump?
I love this place when I need food on the go! I feel that it is a healthy alternative to fast food and it is Always fresh and tasty. I generally will choose this place over chipotle. The staff is great too!
Not the fanciest place but the food makes up for it. It is diner food but sometimes that's just what you want! Delicious fried chicken tenders, awesome club sandwiches! Their salads are nice and crisp. Desserts are a little dry and eh but the rest of the food is enough to make me a regular here.
Hot strippers that come from all over (canada, south america, asia but mostly SoCal) and do dirty deeds with you for money.  It can be a better investment than gambling... I've got nothing helpful to add in a public forum, but I do like this place for various reasons.
I ask to see \"deep couches, ornate wood, dark fabrics\" I'm shown blue couches and I literally just walked away from the sales associate. Huge selection of lame styles.
Just received my delivery of cupcakes that I purchased through Nicki's Groupon!  I asked for the baker's choice (four flavors she picks).  The cupcakes are absolutely beautiful (sparkly for New Year's Eve!) and taste phenomenal.
On the dance floor, another girls sweat was rolling down MY back!! This place is so incredibly crowded that you touch everyone! The lines are HUGE!! Even the guest list line was a 20 min wait.  Definitely can find better in Vegas.
While I do love Bahama Bucks, I don't like this location! The hours they say that they will be open, seems 50/50 if they actually are open. Which seems to be a common problem from other yelpers I see. Well it's still a problem as of today: 4/13/2014!
Agh!  Ordered a bagel with cream cheese and thought it was the jalapenos that were funky til I realized the cream cheese was SOUR!!!! If they are not busy enough to sell plain cream cheese before it sours...
First of all, I enjoyed the amazing view. Second of all, I yacked on a ride. Lastly, I would do it all over again.  \n\nFive stars because that's what happens in Vegas.
very chill, great staff that pays attention but not too much attention (if that makes sense haha). Sweet corn tamale is the shiz and so are the pig wangz. Go there, supper tasty =).
It's good but nothing special. It's def. not worth waiting in line for 2 hours and $50.00. They have the express line which is faster but it's $20.00 in addition to the 50.00. Glad I experienced it but wish I spent my time and money at a better buffet spot.
Quick.   24 hours.  Service isn't the best but its late night.  Don't expect a big smile, the health nut smoothie is the bomb!!
Love this place.  Great food and unique character.  A must if you live in Charlotte.
We were the only people in the entire place. Service was okay, I'm pretty sure he was the owner. The food was decent, but the hookah was overpriced. The decor was unusual and everything could have used a good cleaning and a coat of paint. I won't be back to Kabob House.
By far the absolute worst restaurant in Montreal. Food tasted terrible and the service was cold and impersonal. Two of the four people in our group ended up vomiting when they got home. I would not recommend this place to my worst enemy.
After the 1st time eating their, I would give it a second chance, and then the third time I decided not to get food at this place again, Taco Bell, Taco Johns a much better choice in this catagory
We love to eat here when we are in Pittsburgh.  We always meet nice people at the bar and the food is great.
This is a tried and true place.  Perfect spot for a large group or if you have kids with you. The prices are also very reasonable, its casual and there is unlimited salsa and chips from the salsa bar.  My favorite item is the beef burrito!\n\n Overall a great family spot.
The food is excellent  , great special occasion restaurants .. southwest flair not the typical Mexican food . Excellent choices of Tequila  - and cocktails..
Great bike full service bike shop. Good location and great service.
Terribly overpriced. SLOW SLOW SLOW service. Food very average for the price. Difficult for handicapped patrons. Very very small portions for a high price.
Worst company ever.  Three people in front of me in line and it still took 45 minutes to get my car. Then the car ran poorly, was dirty and the check engine light was on. Then checking the car in was just as bad. I will never ever rent from this company again!!!!!!!
By far the best pizza in AZ! Great wings but if you are looking for 5 star dinning this is not your place but it is great for the family and best of all the pizza is delicious.
Just called this place and asked questions regarding units. Rosario is the guy that helped me. Answered all my questions and was very polite. Thanks!
Room was outdated and gross. We will not stay again
Best printing service there is! Great customer service and fast turn around time! Would definitely recommend them to anyone who wants high quality printing without emptying your bank account!
I really enjoyed this burger. A lot. I got the tamago burger which is topped with a fried egg and crispy onions. The burger patty was thick and perfectly moist. This might become a weekly ritual.
Horrible place to stay at. Security and even management do not take their job serious. Even after hours, Dj, security and friends do not know how to manage their job. Sad to say, NEVER COMING HERE AGAIN!!!! Wish there was no stars for this review. Some professionalism please?
I definitely recommend this place customer service is a 10! Owner is on top of it :) I don't know much about hookah I picked cantaloup and he suggest a better flavor and it was very very good. Smokes very smooth :D check it out
Food is terrible and the owner is rude. Very unpleasant experience.
Found this place through my insurance and I really love it. \nI generally see one of 2 PA's for my needs and they are bright and very nice. \nFurther, everything is clean and friendly. Its not fancy, but they get the job done and I feel confident about the care I receive.
Very nice and comfy place to hangout with friends while drinking coffee. They are open late if not 24 hrs. It's one of the best places in the downtown area to work/hangout late nights.
So uncool restaurant. The people work there are not nice and welcomig at all.\nI wont go there again.\nWaste of money
Happy hour deal is good and lasts until 7 and starts again at 10. Quality is mediocre, but good for half price.
When a 2 inch larvae crawls from your lettuce, onto the table, drops onto the floor, and then tries to inch away, you know it is not going to be a good night.  And it wasn't......
I bought my bed mattress here and love it. They have lots of local and sustainably made options for mattresses. I've also bought a couple of futon covers here over the years, a must have for college apartments and moving every year.
The rooms were very clean and cool when we walked in.\n\nThe staff was very helpful and gave us great directions to our room.\n\nThe big negative is the parking situation.  The hotel has no parking and you have to pay the garage behind the hotel to park.
Try a chai tsoynami, so good, the soy whip is amazing!
I really wanted to love this place, but it wasn't great. We stopped hear before we saw Boys II Men at the Mirage for dinner. I had dirty burps all night, which has never happened to me. I love Italian food, and this was a disappointment. Go to Battista's Hole in the Wall instead, trust me.
the guys that run this place are really sweet, and their food is very good.  not your typical mexican slop.  it may take a minute for them to make it (mostly because they are usually busy), but it is worth it and they have free wifi and it is a fun atmosphere to relax in.  fresh food and good times
Conveniently located in the Gates building.  Its a nice common area, though its usually pretty full and loud, not unlike your usual coffee shop. The espresso is excellently made.  Prices are comparable with other nearby locations.  They have lots of delicious looking pastries and goodies.
Very good chicken burrito. However, this location needs to find the time to clean the floor. There was rice and stuff under every table.
Horrific service.  Chimpanzees could make a sandwich and ring me up quicker.
Limited menu\nReally good northern eggs Benedict\nGreat service \nDead. Word not out. \nGreat find.
OK, they now get a 4 star review because they're stocking more sugar free Peeps and I can get my annual fix.  They deserve the star!
I thought food was bland and you're mostly paying for the ambiance. Staff was nice
Pros: Super sweet and delicious cakes, ice cream, and truffles.  \n\nCons: It can be a tad bit too sweet for me, after a couple bites I'm done.\n\nRed Velvet cake is definitely my favorite and so is their washroom - mirrors everywhere and very clean.
Yankees beware: Charlotte diners are all pretty terrible to mediocre compared to what you grew up with up North.  That said, this one is par for the course.  Just give up looking like I have, and embrace the mediocrity of diner culture here.
I love the selection of pizza here, 2 of my favorites are the buffalo chicken and the macaroni & cheese.
Honestly, the worst place i have eaten.  The food was real bad.
I knew something tasted funny when I ate here I forgot to write a review but I got food poisoning from the Kalbi in December just be careful what u order here I definitely will  ever go back!!!!
One of my Dad's favorite breakfast places.  The skillet breakfasts are quite tasty and filling.  Their corned beef hash is almost as good as what he makes from scratch on the rare occasion.  The wait can be long but if you are willing to eat at the counter you'll have your food in no time.  Friendly service!
We bumped into this place at Tivoli village farmers market and were blown away first - by their service, then by the food! Their new crispy chicken sandwich was amazing. Better than real chicken! So fresh and good. Can't wait for them to open up all over Vegas!
Cool atmosphere, complimentary house wine with your meal. Despite great reviews and a friends recommendation, I didn't think this was really anything special. Shrimp scampi was a bit bland and definitely not the best I've had. Might have been a better deal had I drank lots of wine with my meal.
San Tan Flat is geared more towards the atmosphere and being outside than it is the food. The outdoor eating area is awesome and makes for a memorable night. The only thing missing is just a little bit of light outside for when it gets dark, it gets mildly hard to see your food/drinks.
Perfect place to grab a beer and food. Large revolving on tap list that changes daily.
Took forever, was soo dirty inside, and was the worst food I've ever had.  Walk next door to Gus's
Steak was about average.  Pecan salad tasted chemically and not worth the dollar up charge.  Sweet potato was mushy.  I asked for just butter not the extra stuff.  She brought out butter and said, \"I put the cinnamon in thought you would like it.\"  So it was so so.
Not bad, guy offers a $6.00 pizza door to door, Is this legal? I got on yelp to verify if this is a real place.  I still have not been to  43rd Ave and Bethany Home but I will next time im in the area.  I look forward to try a sub, thanks Scott
I love our Tukee TJ's its just a really great store and the employees are all super nice.
This place is nice and relaxing, prices are good and service too!! This wi be my new wings/finger spot and that's with out mentioning that PBR beer is only one dollar every day!!! \n\nCheers!!!!
Very random. Boxing Rink, Mason Jars and Mixologist. You have to try it to get it. Good Soild Food, Great Drinks. Alot of RANDOM FUN!
I use to live in Pittsburgh PA.  Hands down their pan pizza is prob the best pan pizza I have ever had.  I miss this place.  I am glad they are still kick'n it in my old hood.  I have turned so many people on to this place.  They also have yummy salads.
This place is off the hook! My other favorite seafood place to get some good cajun food!
Pricey but good. You won't regret it.\n\nIf your looking for full flavor try a Hoogie. Also you will be full with a large sandwich and a drink.
I go here at least 3-4 times per month. Yeah, that's how good it is. Settebello will not let you down.
They have a lunch deal \"pizza, drink, and soup or salad for 7.99\" not bad, pizza is not bad
Went there Sunday for the all you can eat Grand Lunch Buffet. The service was excellent, and the food was so good! I used the yelp deal 10 for 20. Best Indian food in the valley!!!
Went to Food Express on Chinese New Year's Eve and the restaurant was all dark.  The sign on the front door said it was under renovations and closed as of Jan 18.  \n\nBummer!  \n\nAnyone know what's happened to Food Express??
I guess planning the towel service is a bit difficult for this group.  Bring a towel if you want one. Half the time I come here there are no towels.
Piece of crap. Wish I can give it 0 stars but Yelp is forcing me to be nice. Terrible establishment with terrible values as a business. Anyone who gives them business should be ashamed. Never going back here again
huge projector!
Must respect the Donuts!!!
I've only been twice, and I must admit that I got the same thing both times....but it was delicious both times! I love the atmosphere...great for relaxing with a close friend. Their menu looks great, so I guess I should try some different food next time!
Yummy chili cheese fries! mmmm!!!\n\nThe original burger was good too.\n\nNothing more to say though... this location tastes as good as any other Johnny Rockets.
It's been brought to my attention by multiple people that this New Mexican cuisine, and not Mexican food.  I'm not really sure how that makes a difference with regards to the items that I took issue with in my review, but my apologies for the confusion.
Beef tacos = old musty ground beef. \nChicken tacos = mushy chicken. \n\nBoth have stale hard shells... The beer was good, lucky for me they are only 2 bucks each.\n\nStick with the beer and you'll be alright!
The Wine Studio was great while it lasted but closed several years ago. Other places tried and closed. Fate Brewing has the space now and is a great replacement...particularly if you like beer. But the Wine Studio should be deleted from this listing.
I love The M Resort. It's modern, clean, great prices... And their buffet is so good (minus the wait).
Great subs, extremely quick service. I arrived one time with my son about an hour before they were scheduled to open and the only guy there came outside, invited us in, and made us subs.
What is going on here? Are they always shortstaffed? They took so long with our meals. Everything we asked for took long. 2nd time we went we left because the line was almost out the door waiting for seats.
We love this place. Very clean, excellent customer service and most importantly, the food is amazing. They make their own delicious pasta, cheese and sauces, all of their ingredients are fresh (hence the name of the place) and the macaroons are to die for. We will definitely be back.
Another disappointment here barely saw any dolphins the only good part was I did see white tiger which are my favorite... I purchased the 3 for $57 came here to shark reef aquarium at Mandalay bay and to the Luxor for the bodies exhibition which was my favorite!!
Food is decent but the place needs to staff up to handle the rather brisk takeout business. Tables around us were left dirty, entrees were delivered several minutes apart, and our waiter was very distracted by the phone orders he had to take.\n\nAgain, the food is good but the dining room service was awful.
I ordered the regular sized sandwich and it was smaller than I thought. They should show you their sizes but other than that I was very impressed with the service and the food. All connoisseurs of lemonade will the appreciate the vast varieties and delicious favors that are offered.
The Picnic Company offers a variety of \"Unique Sandwiches\"  to choose from with great balance.  I really like the California Picnic, (BLT inspired) the sourdough bread is toasted and the traditional BLT set up is complimented with an avocado spread with melted cheese.
Good service. Will be back to check out the pork belly burger. Definitely go for the double burger if you're a dude. Homemade pickles are good, on the sweeter side though.
Uggh...typical LCB store.  Bad selection, bad atmosphere, bad attitudes.
I love this place. People are kind. Food are great. I cannot wait to try everything on the menu. Very creative chef. Especially the dessert, quick and delicious.
Mediocrity at it's best.  The service was so-so and the quality of the food was pathetic.  For the price of dinners at teppan restaurants, you expect high quality and that is not what we got here :(
Beautiful place, but the food was just ok!  My friend and I had a great time though...good service and great location!
If I could, I would like give no star for this store.  The people work in the store don't have knowledge about pool.  However, they do like to tell you a story and sell you stuff more than you need.  Be aware!!
Came here with a group of my girlfriends on a Friday night. Right when we walked in, people looked at us as of they hadn't seen Asian girls before. Our waitress Kristen was really nice though and their dj was spinning decent hip hop. 1 star for no cover charge for women. 2nd star for my Blue Moon on tap.
Very Bad service... with VIP service, took over an hour and did not even clean good\nThere were water marks. Seats were not even wiped off. Back was not even vacuumed\nCup holder not ever cleaned.  Overall very bad service. Waste of money!!!
I have no idea how to dress my husband and neither does he, so I went here asking for help. Dakota the salesmen who helped me is such a pro. Friendly, knowledgable and put together several options. He should style for men's magazines. Thank you Dakota!
Bland food poor service,overpriced. Goes to show if you get on a tv show people will come. I was one of the fools  a few years they will all be gone
this is not the nicest big lots in the world but i still like it just the same. it reminds me a lot of ross but they have more sections and different options. most of the time the prices are amazing sometimes its just hard to find exactly the thing your looking for.
Love this place! It generally takes 3 hours if you order from the tasting menu but the flurry of little bites between each course (about 15 total) make it go by so quick. It's a foodie's paradise!
Have to go with 5 stars because the price is so great. Not the best area but the employees are great and the $20 pedi can't be beat! Hot stone massage included. I also got a $10 Mani and that was great too. Will for sure be back!!
Had dinner a few weeks ago at Rooster's.   Restaurant is very spacious.  We had a large party and we were seated immediately even without most of the party there.   Great service.   Order the the duck breast or duck confit, both are excellent.   Would definitely return to Rooster's next time I'm in Charlotte.
The food may be cheap but you do have to put up with some atrocious customer disservice. From the maitre d to the waiter, everyone made it clear you are a bother and should just go away. You have to be pretty thick-skinned to put up with such nonsense for a big plate of meat.
I just don't get the deal? Why all the line ups for a standard greasy spoon diner? I had breakfast there and it wasn't bad, but definitely didn't blow my hair back. Is there something particular I should be ordering when I come here?
Wonderful atmosphere, food and most importantly the drinks. Check out the awesome chandelier.
Yuk yuk yuk...
Yama.. you never disappoint and tonight was no exception! The best customer service, friendliest waitresses and awesome sushi chefs! I'm thankful for the AYCE menu because I'm able to try something new every time but my favorite is always the Yama Crunch roll.
Great selection of food including organic meats, produce and canned goods. Both the market and the food bar are pricy but you know that you are getting quality food. I recommend going here if you aren't on a budget as you can spend hundreds of dollars if you food shop all at once.
Place has an old Arabic architecture, even the aura ( mainly because of the spices)  reminds of Arabian culture. Food is priced reasonably and tasted good.\n\nOne thing I noticed that it has no female servers because of conservative Arabian culture.
First time at HK Gardens... it won't be the last !!! Hot n Sour soup was excellent !!! Singapore Noodles were also delicious. Service was great and prices were very reasonable! They even gave us Free Dessert !!! Highly recommend, can't wait to go back !!
8 people.  $1,800.00.  And I left hungry.\n\nFood was tasty, though.
Valle Luna isn't bad but it could be better.
Great food and great atmosphere. Come from a Thai family and this place, considering its hipster location and demographic is surprisingly authentic. Service was a little slow so order everything in one shot.
They were good before several years ago! But had a really bad experience with quicken loans this year while I tried to purchase house this year. I ended up spent $1000+ for  nothing. It's unfair and they had no consideration for others. Please stay away from this loan company !!
The quality of the sashimi has been very poor the last few times we visited Shogun. We used to go once  a week but  it is doubtful if we will return anytime soon after three or four disappointing meals.
Very good food. Service is A+. Drink refills were always on time. An excellent option of you're in the area.
Yuck!
I like this spot, always clean, good food and good service. a great place to grab a quick burger or patty melt, oh and don't forget about their shakes there Great!
My box of loaded fries came with a surprise: A DEAD FRIED COCKROACH!!!!! Luckily the incompetent employee forgot to put fork in my bag so I had to pick cheesy fries by hand and that allowed me to notice the bug!!! Big one too.
Good pawn shop a lot of items at high prices of course general manager Paul was rude most likely won't be returning simply for the lack of respect
Had the food delivered, 2 stars for promptness, but yuck on the food!
Great buffet, and a very clean restaurant.\n\nThe service personnel were very friendly, very attentive, and very polite.
I don't know that I've ever ate here before, But I do know that I've drank here a lot of times and theyhave the BEST shamborak Margaritas ever! I stop here ever time I'm in the area just for the margs!
Great breakfast meal came quick and was very tasty, recommend the fresh orange juice.
Caprese sandwich not what I expected the bun should have been toasted it was just lacking flavor.
A few weeks ago we made reservation for New Year's Eve.  Recieved a e-mail confirmation but when we arrived ......  THEY WERE CLOSED.  Whith no notice and a hand written note on the door.
Love this place i am a regular there at least 3 times a week! Tostadas de carne. Desebrada is my. Favorite!!
Gaming, Darts pool table, food, and great staff. Its alittle smoky in there but its My pts
What gets you 5 stars?  The best bratwurst and cheese fries I've ever had!!!!  This is consistently too, not just super great once because one time I was starving and this just happened to be what I could find to eat and mediocre every time after that.   have yet to be disappointed by Ted's.
The menu looked delicious but the taste was just OK.  All the iberico stuff tasted well like regular pork.  I have had iberico in Spain and the taste of their iberico was out of this world.
Recently received a message from Tiffany with regards to the macarons, and I appreciate her for offering to replace the macarons we got last time. Willing to give this place another chance, as I really do like their other goodies, most especially their brownies. Will update how it goes.
Good sandwiches.  I like the white widow the best.  Get it with some yellow peppers... yum.
Okay~ not a fan at ALL!!! Meat WAS quetionable.. I don't know what type of meat they use but it is NOT BEEF!!! Not reccomended.. Chinatown has a nice soup u outta go there
Easily the best Wagyu burger ever! Ask the chef to replace the bleu cheese with goat cheese. It tastes great!
Sweet BBQ pork burrito is delicious! Do I need to say more...?
Well, they got my order wrong, but were very good about making amends and serving me a piping hot new (correct) plate.  It was delicious.  And the margarita's were excellent as well.
To start off, the best things about this place is the cleanliness and friendliness of the staff, and the incredibly affordable lunch special.  However, the food is nothing spectacular.
Eating here now, wonton soup is good. Kung pow chicken very good. Loved the egg roll. I would definitely come back! Very reasonable prices.
Perfect accompaniment to a morning or after dinner cup of joe.
Amazing if the \"inner fat kid\" needs nourishment!  So good but call and prep ahead if you are wanting 2 feed a crowd. These pizzas are a masterpiece and that takes time, but the wait is good for a delicious slice that weighs the amount of a new born!
Average food. Good orange chicken, Mongolian beef, kung pao chicken and noodles with beef. V friendly staff. Took some time to get our food
Came here at 12Am. My self and the TWO cars in front of us were not able to order. No one responded to the 3 of us in the drivethrough so we all left. We also honked. You need to tell your very stupid and immature, terrible staff to pay attention.
don't waste your time.  all my clothes came back with stains on them and they still charged me $84.00.  Bad service.
Sisig fries are a must try! Even the cocktails are good. I have tried the Baguio and I must say it was every good even the strawberries infused with the drink was bomb. They do close at 3 but no matter it's stil a good place.
We were told a 15 minute wait and it was almost an hour to get seated, and then almost 30 minutes to get food. Food was pretty good but service sucks.
This place is so good!! The fried mozzarella was great. The cannoli is the best in the area. Great atmosphere, just great Italian food.
Very expensive! Very little portions!  Oysters smaller than a quarter!  Only positive is the presentation is beautiful. Expect to leave broke and hungry!!!!!!!
The atmosphere is very homey, and small town.  The portions are large and there is a huge breakfast selection.  I've only been here for breakfast and have always been satisfied.\n\nThey don't take reservations and get super busy on the weekends.
Great Selection, Horrible customer service! I have shopped here for my father a few times & i have never been greeted or asked if i need help i dread going to this store.
Service was in training. Food was a burger and onion rings. Onion rings were limp and over greasy and burger was too much bun and over dry. This is the second time that I have tried this establishment and will probably be the last.
Dined here twice and that will be my last.  Had the Ruben sandwich, meat was very rubbery and sandwich was bland tasting.  Cost me about $10 for a sandwich , some potato chips and a drink.  Not worth it. Probably better to dine at a sit down for that price.
Crappy service.  Dirty bathrooms. Bartender spent more time on her phone than interacting with customers.  Cold food brought out at separate times than my friends food.   This place is awful.  Go to the Lodge!
They repaired the fan on my wifes PT Cruiser last year for the tune of $500.  I was really sad when it started going out again this summer.  They repaired it again absolutely free under warranty.  So rare to find honest repair people out there.  Good job Napa!
My new Favorite Sushi place in town.
Only ate here because we had food/beverage credit from our stay at the Signature hotel. My burger was under seasoned and cold.  You could tell it was a frozen patty. The potatoes in the salad were under cooked.  If I would have paid, I would have been angry.
They really do have the best breakfast.... and Sunday fried chicken... and biscuits
This is by far the best Thai food around! Just had it for my first time yesterday. I'm so hooked. I ordered spicey beef noodle and had them add mint. Yummm
Tolle Torten und Kuchen, f\u00fcr Leute die es sahnig und m\u00e4chtig m\u00f6gen als auch fruchtig und leichter. Familienbetrieb, eine Karlsruher Institution.
Met a fan of mine! Cool. I love trying a new hot sauce on my sandwich every time I go.
Warning Hawaiian's False Advertising!\n\nI didn't even want to give this L&L one star they are selling COD and trying to pass it off as Mahi Mahi, its BULL S#%&! after complaining they admitted it wasn't Mahi!\nBe warned!!!
Very clean tanning salon.  They keep the towels in the back so don't forget to grab one before you start your session.  Friendly employees and great stand-up beds....never a wait.
Amazing Montanara pizza! The crust was crispy, the sauce was fresh and not too salty. The smoked buffalo mozzarella tasted like meat. Brian, our server was attentive and polite. Closest Italian Neapolitan style pizza outside of Italy. Madison is lucky to have such an authentic italian pizzaria.
Great Kalbi! Huge portions. Very friendly customer service. We will definitely return!
Great local bar in Scottsdale which is mostly locals other than during the Nebraska Husker games. Funny that we are not true Nebraska fans but by default since we have friends who are Big Red fans so we patron during the games. They have Great chicken wings and decent bar food but no gluten free beer option so I only give it 3 stars.
I prefer wildflower, but recently had their grilled cheese and tomato soup and it was delicious!!  Will be back for that combo!
This place is nasty, the spring roll tasted liked it had been frozen for 50 years.  The  beef broccoli tasted like  dead cats.  The shrimp was stinky, like it was not washed, the chicken strips were tiny and had no flavor at all.
Margaritas are good.  Food is average, but always hot and consistent.
If getting a pitcher (of beer) opt for the \"Sconnie Beer\" - same price as Bud/Miller/PBR but better and local
Pizza is great if you enjoy thin crust. Other menu items are good as well.  The service consistently sucks!  It's horrible!  Every time, service is absolutely horrendous. Proceed with caution.
I only eat there when i don't know what to eat and when it's my only option.
Our favorite place so far in Charlotte for Chinese.  Everything tastes fresh, friendly service,  good portions...never had anything that was \"so-so\". Would recommend.
Don't ever buy s costume here.   My wife bought a costume and tried to return it 3 hours later and they wouldn't take it.
We recieved an advertisement in the mail for $8.95 but when we got there it was $11.95. They had a note on the door saying that they would no longer be able to honor the sale price. It was very shady! If you are going to advertise a sale then honor that price.
You may think this is BEST OF LAS VEGAS, but it's not. Came here two times and was never satisfied. The food wasn't good at all and the portion was small as well. Would not recommend this restaurant to anyone unless you have bad taste in food.
Terrific place to shop for both in stock jewelry and custom made pieces along with repairs. The quality and prices are fabulous. I wouldn't shop anywhere else for my jewelry.
I can't get enough of express donuts! I love love love their donuts. It melts in your mouth with the right amount of sweetness unlike other donuts. They have good customer service, nice and friendly people. My favorite of all time is the the chocolate glazed donut.  I want more please.
Pizza was just bad plus the dough was not cooked all the way and it took along time for delivery and I only live a few mins away. I want to give this place a second chance since it's so close and I see other positive reviews. But my first time eating there was just awful
Trapped downtown on a Sunday and not much open but this.  I ate my meal which is about all I can say.  Staff is indifferent to whomever is in the building (and you will get all kinds!) and the pizza and pasta are mediocre at best.  But hey; what else is open?
Good free water show. My kids love it. Good place to take the kids for free to kill some time. Good area to take some pictures too.
I recommend The Pretty Kitty to everyone!!! I have never felt more comfortable getting waxed. I love how the process is quick and the prices are very reasonable. I was shocked with how quick the waxing goes by, especially when you are having a great conversation time flies. Give it a shot, you'll love it!!!
Pretty ghetto and noisey and they gave us a kids size orange juice since we wanted ice on the side. Free refills though. We ordered mozzarella sticks and they taste like they were made yesterday with the cheese not even stringy
Pork egg rolls have about as much pork as the vegetable spring rolls...not much.  Nothing like the advertisement.
Food was great. Service lacking. Sat at sushi bar. Sushi chefs attentive but rest of staff a little amateurish. I would go back but i was dissappointed in overall service
So so so damn good, I can't wait to go back for more! The location is in a residential neighborhood which is a little weird but like I said the food is so damn good you don't care about the location.
Quick service and average prices for drinks.  $9 for a shot of henny isn't great, but according to Vegas prices, they're not bad.\n\nAdded star for the cool video gambling at the bar area.
Very over priced and not worth it at all.  My Mo Wrap was dry and tasteless.  The service was good so I gave 2 stars.  Better off walking across the way to the mall.
no very imprese
Although I completely failed at finishing the Big Unit 22\" hotdog, I enjoyed eating at this restaurant. Fun atmosphere, and good service. This a fun place to grab a drink and/or late lunch before catching a Dbacks game.
Would NOT use this bank.  Unknowledgeable banker didn't know her own products.\nWas a waste of time!\n\nWells Fargo I am staying with you!
Lots of menu items that aren't available at other PBs.  Everything tastes good.  Wish they had a green iced tea option.
My juice was delicious,  \nCustomer service here was crummy. Lady was not friendly or welcoming.
I was given a $200 gift certificate here from my sister with no expiration date! According to the Arizona State Statutes, an expiriation date must cleary be disclosed on the certificate, however, Total Bliss said that their policy is 1 year and will not honor my certificate.
Arboretum Massage is amazing! Hands down best massage I've ever gotten. Have recommended to quite a few people all of whom loved their massages as well! The rooms are lovely, like little tiki huts. Highly recommend this place!
If you need to satisfy your 3:30 AM hunger with some adequately tasty, cheap and quickly delivered food, you can't do much better than Boustan.
DD has now taken my business for coffee. I don't go for the doughnuts but for their iced coffee. It is half the price of Starbucks and just as good and their drive thru is even quicker.
had the Briyani tonite - pretty good - food is good and the service is good as well -
I got gas here and snacks. What more do you want?
Holy Hot girls!   Good always fresh...you'd think the food and service would suck cause it's all booze, sports and hot girls but it's impeccable service!  And HOLY VIEW!  request the 3rd floor...TRUST ME!!!!!
I am not a big fan of Panda Express. The food is too sweet and greasy for quality food, let alone Chinese food, and it's overpriced. Since my family likes it, though, I've been to several around town. This particular store always looks clean and inviting, and the staff are friendly.
Excellent low cost Chinese Buffett!  Surprisingly only 11 bucks for lunch. A lot of seafood for such a great price.
A great experience with the employee who rang up my charge, very friendly. This store carries a variety of great products that you cannot find at other pet stores in the area. \nI am a huge fan of any pet supplies store that offers organic and quality products.
no where near any dim sum place i ever ate at. This place had very little selections and everything seem a bit to salty for me but compare to other vegas food i guess its the same (which mean it was a huge disappointment).
The line was extremely long, the food was cold & they really skimped on the meat & cheese in my daughter's kids taco kit. Very disappointed by this Chipotle.
The ice cream was overly sweet, gummy, and lacked anything but a passing resemblance to its alleged flavor. There was, however, a lot of it. No joke. Order the kid size unless you want an ice cream blob the size of the Hindenburg.
Two stars for service only. The food is very mediocre at best. My sushi items did not arrive cold, just \"cool.\" Didn't feel well the next day. Price is one thing, but truly there is very little quality here. If you must go, I would recommend cooked items only.
I came to eat here with my boyfriend because we had a groupon deal.  I was pretty disappointed because the service was really slow and the food took so long to come out.  My favorite part of the champion platter is probably the tater tots. Everything else was meeeeeehhhhhhhhh.
Basically repackaged version of paradise bakery. Food and environment are similar, menus are similar, quality is similar. Price is also similar which is too much for what you get.
Great tacos, great beer selection and awesome service!
By far the worst and most overpriced pizza I've ever experienced.  If you want pizza just like this but want to get away cheap, buy the pizza from Sam's Club. Seriously.  I'm from NY and this is NOT what you find on the \"streets of NY.\"
This has become my all time favorite place to eat in Vegas. .. especially when friends from out of town are visiting because not only is the food delicious and the service great but if you sit on the patio you get the best view in town with the Bellagio fountain show going off across the street and all the people watching you can do on the strip
Highly recommend the fish tacos, shrimp fajitas and the guacamole! So yummy! We washed them down with skinny margaritas on the patio. Perfect evening! We will be back. :)
Service and food was very slow. Messed up my order twice. My sons birthday and they forgot the cake. Nobody enjoyed... Overall...sucks!
I am not a huge fan, but every now and then,  David wants to grab a bite of BBQ and the Q Shack is convienently located.  The service is pretty quick and the food is a-ok.  I get the smoked turkey.  The mac-n-cheese is not great, but I've had worse.
I was here for a bachelor party and it was a lot of fun. The karts were fast and the staff was very friendly and helpful. Definitely recommend it.
They deserve negative stars I heard that there is new owners and it shows from a terrific caterer to a terrible one I've used them for many charitable events it was always on point now I wouldn't recommend them to the dog pound
This place is has surprisingly good chinese food, but it's waaaaayyyyy overpriced.  But I eat here anyway since it's close to TAO and I'm usually way to drunk to stumble any further for food.
Super cheap drinks. Super cheap graveyard bowling. Super convenient. But why do they card me and let the 8-year old kid run right past?
Originally I went here  as so many people here commented on how great the food was- so my expectations were high. However, when i got there, I thought the food was just ok. Nothing special. The portions are huge and I think the food is average. Overall its not a bad deal as prices are reasonable.
Service was friendly. Noodles were overcooked. Seeing the kitchen workers slop food onto the prep plates like cafeteria workers was unappetizing. I think this kind of place should not have a view of the kitchen from outside while you're waiting for a table. Production line Chinese fusion done adequately.
The breakfast was amazing! We had Krug's sausage which is amazingly smoking and wonderful. The breads are to die for and the eggs taste super fresh. Definitely one of the best breakfasts I've had in quite a while.
We have been here an hour and no food as of yet! You are a restaurant for God's sake!! If you cannot feed someone a cheeseburger faster than this you need to shut down! So disappointed I will not come back here. The people don't care!!
closed -
The food is okay but. The accent is nauseatingly new yawk. The owner always wears a pistol on her hip. I don't go to restaurants where the owner proudly brandishes a weapon. Way over the top.
Great pizza, fantastic tomato sauce.  Margherita pizza was very tasty.
Bacon on breakfast sandwich tasted weird, how can you mess up bacon? Ordered from an unfriendly person.  Thought I'd try something different, but I won't be going back. There are so many other great restaurants in this area, I was bummed!
No flavor. Over priced. Not good service. Menu and management change. No good. 36 bucks down the drain. Would I go there again no. Mexican food doesn't have a small or large burro. Lol ... that's was pretty comical.  No rice? Wish old owner was there.
Awful service. Super slow and ignorant. Food was below average. Oilyyyyyy, salty, and tasted like plastic.
Stacie is awesome!  She's been doing my hair for over ten years, and I'll continue to go to The Urge for Stacie's great work and hair style expertise. Thanks Stacie!
They have a solid breakfast here at a low price. If you are looking for a good old fashioned diner look no further. One thing that was really good here that was above and beyond any other place was the bacon. I will order an extra side next time I am there.
great place to go with buddies on Carson st, provided the wait isn't too long.  the portions are massive even for me, and the extensive draft selection is great and they have several of their own brews on tap.  the environment is spacious and clean and the staff very friendly and attentive.
08/22/2014: I read here this restaurant was closed, so I checked it out when I went to Matthews today. It is OPEN for business and tho hard to see from the street, because it is in the 'elbow' of the small strip mall, I went and saw it OPEN.
This restaurant has great service. Their curry's are outstanding! Have eaten there about 8 times.
I've been going to this lady for 4 years. She is an European Spaniard. Her personality is just as her origin background.  An elitist. You just need to take her with a grain of salt. She is expensive but gets the job done.
I consider myself a burger sommelier lol and I must say that this burger is hands down the best burger in Pittsburgh.
Had the Orange chicken and garlic chicken and it's ok, I've had better.  Wouldn't go back.
You have a lot of varieties to choose from.\n\nTaste is good but expensive.\n\nI live next door and I strongly recommend them to work on a plan so that the whole  neighborhood knows about them and the business improves automatically.
Best pizza outside of NYC!
This yogurt place was pretty good. Great toppings and more. I am giving it a three for more selfish reasons here. Their options in flavors were not very good. When a yogurt place like this has two different versions of chocolate, when they could through in a blueberry or something better, I tend to cringe.
Comfortable indoor, outdoor dining in the heart of Las Vegas. My faves are the BBQ pork Ribs, fried yucca, passion fruit juice and the wood fired chicken is delicious as well. Friendly personal service.
Meh. Ok pizza. Mediocre salad. Liked the rolls, and the service was friendly and very prompt. Not in the best part of town, and seems to be a pretty old establishment.
The food here is delicious mmmm and the service was excellent. Def recommend if you're in the mood for something yummy for your tummy!!
Mo's Bacon Bar - Enuff said.
My favorite mexican food restaurant. Best salsa! Tortilla soup is so so good. Mini beef tacos with cheese!
DO NOT. I repeat. DO NOT take your vehicle to this sun devil auto. Horrible atmosphere all they want are your keys to your car and the money afterwards for the pathetic job of \"mechanic work\" save your time, money and patience and take it else where
Excellent pizza!
Amazing food :) try the Carne Asada Tostada Salad... Yummmm!!!
Can't believe the price markup.  Been in many other airports and it's never this bad.  There's better food for the price elsewhere.
Food is bland, they cook slow, \"toast\" is extremely soft and not good, fries not crispy, chicken not crispy, its just soggy and unseasoned
I don't know if it's because it's kind of late or what but the staff in here tonight was extremely rude!!! Glad this is my first and last time here!!
Strawberry lemonade is amazing! Real strawberries yumm and the Blue Ribbon burger is the best, with bottomless steak fries dipped in ranch the prices are so good my family of 7 goes at least 3-5 times a month.  I totally recommend this place!
Service here was annoying. Our waitress was either ignoring us or bothering us, rarely helpful. Several simple things I ordered never appeared. We paid 22 for some toro that was good, but not that good. Fine setting, but way too expensive for what you are getting. Look elsewhere.
Tried the fish tacos and they weren't really exciting. The place seems like a nice place to hang out and grab some drinks with friends but it's not worth a special trip.
Kind of a midscale greasy spoon, with good service, large portions and great taste.  They don't have wings though, if you're looking for that.
Giving this place two stars.  Nice clean place, but staff wasn't that courteous.  Only tried slices of pizza.  Hubby ordered  pepperoni which was really good.  I ordered mushroom and sausage.  Mushrooms were from a can...bleh..but the sausage and the pizza crust were good.
Great Resturant for lunch or diner. Salsa and chips are so good I can just eat that and I'm happy. Taco, enchilada and chile relleno plater is very good. It's loaded with yummy cheese.
Amazing from start to finish. I recommend the wine pairing option. One of the most enjoyable meals ever. Attentive, knowledgeable waitstaff and great ambience. Be prepared to spend $100+ pp for the full experience but it is worth every penny.
I like their food but there are some annoying flies bothering us.
My friend and I went there and order ramen. The service is very slow. The ramen is so bad. The soup is filled with all soy bean sauce the noodle is very very firm. hard to eat. I will never order it again
Wood fire grilled chicken and lamb. Delicious. Try the cornbread, moist with a hint of jalape\u00f1o. Good service, good food, quiet enough for conversation. Right in the middle of Oldtown. Third visit, can't go wrong.
It's clean n very comfortable and friendly as well. My son takes swimming classes here. And they also have preschool which my son will b starting in August. This place is all around convenient for me.
Food was good. I had a burger & fries. Girls were very attractive and friendly. Wasn't anything too special though for lunch
This is one of the best fast food restaurants around. The food is always fresh and hot. The service is always friendly and helpful. From their burgers to fries to their custard (ice cream), , it's all good!
Love it.  Amazing food in an amazing atmospere at an amazing location.  What more could you ask for?
The staff is really friendly at this location & the store is always well kept :)
Four star pizza, four star price. You get what you pay for here - it's good stuff. Kind of hard to find, hence the name. Just look for all the people walking out of a narrow hallway with pizza boxes.
Rude staff including some managers. The buffet restaurant is really nasty. Will not stay at this ever again.
nice place but hard to find. i had a few classes here and each teacher was very different,  which was nice. overall its a nice little studio.
Good place for lunchtime burritos. good service and nice atmosphere.
They have American and authentic Chinese food (2 menus). The lunch menu is great and cheap. You can get an entree, rice, choice of soup, salad and an egg roll for $6-$8.
2/5 for service.\n1/5 food.\nMariscos Vallarta were suppose to be from Vallarta, not a single Vallartence working in this place. Very disappointed I suggest them to change their name and food.
excellent afterhours, late-night spot. soups, sandwiches, salads, & desserts are also excellent.
Not bad for if you're looking for some quick take out. Nothing good or bad to say. Just your standard strip mall take out place.
Much like the rest of the LVH, the Buffet is sliding downhill.  What used to be a surprisingly good value is now not much better than a well-run Golden Corral.  Spend the 50% extra and go to the Carnival Buffet at the Rio for better food quality and a better selection.
Great place to find anything and everything for birds.  They even clip wings, and claws.  Bird sitting is available too!
Just as lame as I remembered it to be.  Don't waste your time coming here, even if you have kids.  The place is so old and run down.  The games are super overpriced.  Two thumbs down.  I'd much rather have spent the time poolside.
Food is good, always a wait even at 3am. Service is pretty friendly for being a place that busy. The only thing so far we don't like about this place is the calamari, it is to damn oily.
woohoo! late night steak and eggs!  4 stars just for that!  ever since the one at gold coast turned into a TGIFriday, i have been looking for a late night steak and eggs.  victory!
This hotel served it's purpose at such short notice.  It has seen better days, and could do with a bit of make over at some point.
Food & service: bland. Atmosphere: awful.
Pretty over priced for what you get.  They're getting 2 stars strictly by comparison.  There are just too many better restaurants to eat at around here to justify wasting a meal in Vegas here.  The service was ok. Took way too long to get drinks but food came at a reasonable pace.
Had my boyfriend's birthday dinner here and they went above and beyond. The service and food was amazing. If that doesn't get you hooked the view is stunning. I would recommend this place to all my friends. It is expensive and romantic definitely  more of a special occasion spot.
Best location I have been to. The club looks new, it's clean, good selection of cardio machines. Locker rooms are very nice for such an inexpensive gym. They even have the swimsuit dryer. If you live nearby, I definitely recommend coming here. There is a Kid's Center also.
Went here for breakfast on our way home. Never again. Food is more expensive than your typical IHOP (I know it's in a casino) and the servers are less than average. First time my husband has left without leaving a tip.
My fianc\u00e9 and I go here all the time. It's location is a small trek, but the food is worth it. Super fresh and flavorful. Always get a fresh coconut and a dessert or two for later!! Never let down with the staff, food and always leave feeling good.
New Ramen place!!\nWe tried Curry and Karaage, other than Ramen.\nFor Curry the meat was little too fatty and we asked more rice (they did not charge)\nThey gave green salad and desert as compliments.\nA little pricy.
Good food at a good price.  Consistently decent.
Honestly I don't understand why it has that many good reviews. I just feel it was normal. $50 is kinda not worthy. It didn't have a large variety.
The passion tea is awesome:)
Great pizza and wonderful atmosphere!
Check the best by date on the candy at the check out. I just got a payday bar that was over a year out of date!
NEVER AGAIN\nNot worth the price difference . Poorly maintained vehicles, and lots of wasted time. You need to take 2 shuttles to get to the rental site. Customer service falls flat. Avoid this place like your aunts' sloppy kisses.
Great Casino with good dining selections and convenient if taking the Las Vegas Monorail. We stayed the The Signature but played at The MGM Grand, which was very fun. The river pool here is a lot of fun too! I cant wait to go back!
I went there for breakfast for lunch and it was pretty tasty. I got the chicken fried steak and the gravy was amazing. The portions were big. Overall a great meal!
I just don't get this place's success.  Bland food in a bland atmosphere.
They succeeded when they tried to give the same atmosphere as Cheesecake Factory, the food is a little bit different in a good way, the portions are TOO BIG, if you don't plan on taking the food back home you should consider sharing, the portions are too big for one either two people, loved the service, will go back.
Excellent lunch. Special peach/bourbon chicken sandwich and the Harvest salad with shrimp and the Chilled cucumber soup were incredible.
ok went and ordered the humus which i found bland  and the kids chicken and cheese queseadilla which is probley the best thing i have had
Fantastic corned beef hash and bacon.  I loved it, sit on the patio for some great people watching!
One of the nicer, but I hesitate to say one of the best Korean places in town. if you want to go to a place that offers OK to pretty DECENT Korean food in a very non tacky atmosphere, this is the place. \n\nI have eaten here many times and I think it is pretty damn consistent.
We made a special trip and are very excited to try a breakfast burrito, but they are not opening as posted. Maybe we'll try again another time :(
Worst starbucks ever. Just went there at 9:15pm and doors were locked and staff mopping. Apparently 9:30 in Scottsdale starts before everywhere else.
this is the place to go if you like models, they have a huge selection of plastic kits and every paint you can ever imagine. they also have a really nice model train selection also. their rc section is kind of weak (go to hobby people for that)
Best thing ever is being able to walk in, check in, and head up the elevators to your room without having to walk a trillion miles through a casino floor, a myriad of restaurants, and random assholes. \n\nI like all those things, but only after I'm all checked in and primped.
Great acting....especially the MC...typical Cirque quality.  Did this instead if Believe after reading the reviews.  Glad I did.  Definitely enjoyable as a couple.
Classy, quiet restaurant. You'll see some white haired Montreal politicians every time. The place you'd go for a special birthday or anniversary. The waiters are polite, pleasant, and funny if you get them going. The food is downright perfect, french cuisine. Be sure to get the Escargot.
Fresh oysters and blackened scallops pasta! So yummy at reasonable prices too. I have to come here every time I go to vegas!
unfortunately, this particular location has been shut down and probably not to reopen :(  this family owned chain has other locations, but this one was my personal favorite.
This Thai food is amazing. The service was somewhat slow, but well worth the wait. The curry is delish and the soup divine. Overall yumalicious!
Always have a fantastic meal and amazing service!!  Great prices for really good food.
The staff is so friendly and the beer is excellent. Plus on Sunday, they have $4 beers!
I hate country music.\nI sware I do.. but then I came here, and the live music and the atmosphere got me going.. and I refuse to say that I like it now. But I will still give it the stars it deserves. I always have a great time here.. its my dirty secret.
Strange, yet amazing combination of Chinese and Mexican. Cheap and good, but maybe not so healthy.
The ice cream is amazing, but the staff are a complete and utter disaster.  Worst service I've ever gotten in my life - avoid this place in favor of one of the better managed shops.
It's a BofA. Come here and deposit or withdraw money. Pretty basic.
We coughed when we walked in... it has some distinct smell. And promptly left.\n\nMaybe some other time!
Service was great, seating a little crowded.\nTable had bone-in filet, petite filet, lobster mashed potatoes, Mac and cheese.\nAll were good but the steaks were over-salted. Butter cake was dry  but John brought us out a red velvet dessert that was great.
Very traditional 40+ pub. Lots of rooms and cozy corners so they are high chances to find place to seat even during crowdy weekends evenings.
The New York Sirloin was cooked well, but it was pretty tough. The online menu said they had prime rib, which is why we came, but they don't even sell it. Our server Bryan was very good
Had the weekly stew. Foods are okay. The corn bread was hard. I don't like it. But seemed the corn bread is the only dessert they have. Furniture is classic and mixed. Thought they collected the furniture from various places. A nice place to have a rest.
The strawberry doughnuts are wonderful. They are simply the best that I have ever had. Ray's double chocolate is equally yummy, and not dry like most chocolate doughnuts. My husband loves the Raspberry bismark. We drove all the way from Buckeye to the Phoenix location and it will well worth the drive.
Great Sushi!  Very fresh but a little pricey.  The place has an excellent ambiance...great for celebrations!  Location at the Epicenter is great, especially if you are planning to go out for drinks afterwards.
Place is dirty. Out server was rude & the Shepard's Pie was the worst I've ever had. How they remain in business is beyond me.
I had the green chili enchilada style with rice and beans.... oh my heck.... so delicious.  Lots of great mexican food in Arizona!
Nice microbrewery. Great food. Just know that the food comes out on of paper plates and plastic utensils. I would pay a dollar more for real plates and utensils. But it's okay as is.
Just tried their deep dish, and have to say, I think the thin crust is really where Amore shines. I'm tellin' ya, its the kind of pizza you end up thinking about weeks later. Its *that* good.
This place is pretty good, not the best, but it's still satisfying.
Boo this place!! One ounce pours on shots . It's not the wild wild west anymore it's 2012. Most restaurant/bars Do 1.5 oz pours. Ridiculous tab bc the shots were gone so quickly.
Started off with OK service the waiter we had was pretty rude and inappropriate. Other than that the food was really good my husband and I both ordered calzones (which were enough to fill up four people). I would recommend going to this place for fast Italian food but not the service.
Has to be one of the worst drive thru I have been too on a Sunday night Around 9pm it took me 35 min yes you heard correctly 35 min to get some tacos the drive thru only had 5 cars in front of me too that's the worst part
I had an amazing experience with the new veterinarian. Her name is  Pamela Boyd.She is amazing.She took care of my dog like Doctor Lieb.I recommend this veterinary to everybody who wants a vet who cares about the animals
I'm new to vegas and was looking for an Indian restaurant.  The food was delicious and the service was great!   Bonus for the free mango lassi!  Huge selection of food.  Nice atmosphere and convenient location.
Hey starbucks! Same. as. always. Nothing great, nothing bad, but damn I love those Chai Tea Lattes!
very nice flavors and fast, friendly service.  the only thing that keeps me from not enjoying lunch at casa don juan more often is the lack of a decently priced lunch menu.
Only Pepsi products? No!!
Tasty, healthy, great location, creative menu & great service.\n\nNot your typical \"museum \" restaurant.
Best breakfast I've had in a long time. I don't like country gravy usually but people said to try it....WOW.\n\nNick the owner is awesomely nice and Claudia the server is great. A must visit in Vegas.
Poor customer service from cashier, Sheri. She did not greet, nor did she make any eye contact. AND when I informed her that I needed a larger bag of ice, she huffed as if I was causing her a problem. Overpriced store for B-A-D service. Not going back there again.
This place has a great vibe!  The staff is awesome and they've got great food and drinks as well as great deals!
Saturday morning is the farmers market great to get fresh veggies and fruit.\nAnd the kids can play while u do a little shopping. \nThey have alot of goodies. All natural stuff.
flavor was good, but there was more bread than I expected. Price was a bit high for what I got
Great place to hang out before a concert. Very good Margarita and at $4 during happy hour, just can't beat that!
Have I written about how expensive they are?  If not, you can go to any other Thai place in the valley and get double of what you will get here.  Check your Ferrari at the door.
Its a nice shop with decent work. The prices are a little more expensive that other salons in the area but its a clean, friendly environment.
Good drink selection, 2 star food
super friendly staff and neat little area to hang out while u sip on your smoothie / coffee love the local art work too, they have board games and plenty of couch room,
Decided to try China King based on Yelp reviews and was extremely disappointed.\n\nThe food was very ho-hum and the restaurant had a terrible fishy odor.  Not impressed at all.
3 hour wait. My referring doctor sent me to the wrong office, so that's on him.  Making a patient wait for 3 hours while staff watches ellen is never acceptable.
Fresh bread, boars head cheeses and meats, clean and cute atmosphere, plus friendly service. I'll definitely be back! The only thing keeping it from being five stars is the need for more veggie options. I'll still take this mom and pops over Subway any day!!
I love the Meatloaf sandwich
Omg the eggdrop soup was delicious!! This place is really great to get your authentic Chinese fix. I recomend hitting up the lunch special to save some money which i believe is from 11am-3:00pm. The music that they play is retro love ballads. Good eats for a quick lunch super friendly staff!
Tried China Jade for the first time yesterday. The food is delicious. Well at least the House Fried Rice and Hot and Sour Soup were delicious. I love the ability to order online and pop in to pick up and pay. I'll be back to try more menu items.
The burgers are tasty and chili was meaty, more so than I anticipated. Good place to go for fresh ingredients and quick bite to eat.
HORRIBLE!!!! was so excited for the re opening went in for the first time tonight wow waited forever and food came out cold and my husband had a hair in his burger!! From what i saw lots of complaints and lots free food given won't go back!!!
We got an outside table where my friend could watch the Bellagio fountain while I dig into my yummy steak with skinny fries...fair prices for good food, a place to rest your feet and people watch, good service, could do a lot worse in Vegas
Hash house is always amazing... Try the Chicken and Waffles of the Meatloaf sandwich...
I'm not going to lie...I've definitely made a night of it here every now and then...but the pin stripe button down bankers who think they are god's gift to the world really ruin it for me.  Plus, it's pricey as frick.  No thanks....
Awesome meal.    We had James as our waiter, very knowledgeable, his suggestion were spot on.  Try the pumpkin roll bread pudding!
Food was very tasty but no left over. Very light on the spaghetti  sauce and the meat ball was very dry. Service was one of the worst I have seen. I will try it again the other foods at the table were great. Hopefully the service will be better. I will repost after my next visit.
I am bumping this up to 4 stars based on the burgers.  I had one for the first time the other day and it was awesome.  I went back last night and it was just as good.  For the price and the quality, I will probably get these more than the beef on weck now.
Good chicken feet. Everything else meh.
The burgers are great, shakes are delicious... The truffle fries are Tid bits that required a fork, looked like they drained the fryer and gave us what was at the bottom. The service was HORRIBLE and servers need a lesson in Hospitality 101. Good luck in North Scottsdale Hopdoddy
Originally left a bad reviw. Bur since then I was contacted by the district manager. You really seem to care about this restaurant's reputation. He said they're making improvements and that I should try it again. I told him I would and I will hold my review until I do that again. Everybody deserves a second chance.
Has really gone down hill lately. Very few dancers. Some were attractive. Saw guys came in and sit down for a few minutes, then leave since no dancers were on the stage most of the time. Service was spotty at best. I finally had to go to the bar, wait another several minutes, and then order the drink myself.
Look at your bar tab carefully before paying.  They will overcharge you if you're not careful.
Had some soy chicken, it wasn't very good.  Chicken came out a little cold and flavorless.  The other guys seemed to enjoy their meals.
Update: So I've been informed that there's a 25% gratuity fee if you don't close out your tab. I'm guessing the policy must've been printed on my friend's receipt. Since that was pretty much my only complaint, I'll bump up my review to a cool 4 stars.
It's a dump, the new manager is not cool. Save your money and go somewhere nicer. The area is scary and the grounds aren't taken care of. \nLipstick on a pig. Truly.
Love this place!!! Love the miso soup. It took about 5 or 6 tries of different places to find this place. We take it to go most of the time and it's always ready when they say it will be ready.
We get takeout for the family a couple times a month on average.\nPretty good food, and awfully consistent flavor and quality.
As an Asian, I don't like this restaurant since the foods are not pre prepare. Just not good.
The package states that the 1500 thread count sheets \"feel like Egyptian cotton\" but they are in fact only microfiber (which isn't stated anywhere on the package).  Luckily I bought them on sale ($40 for a queen set) so I don't feel too scammed.  We'll see how they hold up.
Decent store and even more expensive than Walgreens.  I don't see the need and preferred CVS on Cape Cod.
Good prices on bulk items and the hot dog and drink for 1.50 cant be beat if you are hungry. The sunday with yogurt is also good
I ordered the new cheesestake burger combo first time no steak no baked bun as advertised called mgr to complain. I ordered a big carl last week stale bun and one piece of cheese to much sauce sloppy burger.
Best casual pizza place in Tempe. I grew up in New York and this is the closest thing to New York pizza I've had in the Phoenix area.
Great comedians came from this place. My friend enrolled here and I was amazed by them even though they are just practicing. It's the best place for people who want to have a great career in Hollywood. Great teachers are here and they teach with their heart because acting is their passion. Kudos to them!
Great guys. Great service
If your 70+ this is the spot for you! We were definitely the youngest couple here. Service here is very very slow. The bartender didn't know how to open a champagne bottle. Prices here are cheap which is great, but you get what you paid for. Wouldn't recommend.
DON'T COME HERE SOBER!  That is all.
No reservations got seated right away, not too busy. Waiter was funny, an older guy. After a while he gave us suggestions. I had the penne with meat sauce, which was good but nothing spectacular. I forget what my gf had but she wasn't impressed either.
If you're into drink girls wearing lingerie, this could be the place for you. But other than that, it's pretty drab and it's not on the strip, so it's probably one of my least favorite casinos in Vegas.
I guess s
A bit hidden, but worth the find!!! The food is pretty good, but I especially recommend \"Kilt Lifter\" for the beer lover. No really. Warning: Even though it's hidden, this place is very popular with the locals, which makes parking and seating difficult some nights.
Coffee and smiles in the morning. A great start to the day ahead.
Way off the strip, it's one of the sketchier casinos I walked though.  It was pretty dark and felt dingy. It's not worth it to go to their buffet either.
We've eaten lunch there two days in a row and have enjoyed the choices they offer.  The mango salad is tasty and I tried the turkey cranberry sandwich.  Staff there is very friendly and helpful. The place is clean and they have loads of parking. Nice stop after a movie.
There is absolutely nothing Hawaiian here. Not even a Aloha shirt, hula doll or a Tiki. Just really cheap garbage. I wasted my time thinking there would be at least a bit of Hawaiiana.\nSimply do not go here if that is what you are looking for.
Nice atmosphere. The Halibut Tacos were out yet they had Sea Bass :-) instead.
Good food, although kind of limited selection for vegetarians. Patio dining is nice, but too hot by afternoon.
I LOVE Takara! For being in the Midwest their fish is incredibly fresh. I have never had a bad meal here. I always get their spicy tuna roll, by far the best in Madison! Bento boxes for lunch are great, as is their hibachi.
Tell me first this place is vegetarian. And also est time to wait is 15-20 min. \n\nRidiculous!!!
As far as chinese restaurant  are concerned, I would say that China Star is pretty good. Their tofu is always done perfectly. The prices are fair and the delivery is usually reasonable.
$3 car bombs and food is good 4 out of 5 times
I had their bean burger which was ok. Fries were not included, in fact it is straight up burgers that are about $12 or more each. It was super crowded and noisy for a Thursday afternoon, so a little pre planning might be necessary. It is the strip afterall
Tired property in need of a major make over, but the concierge level food and drinks help make the visit comfortable.\n\nFree WI FI for gold members only.
Sand witch was smaller than usual. The bread was stale tasting, not crispy as french baguette
Most over rated restaurant I've been to.
Was really looking forward to this since I love sandwiches and Tom C.  But man I was really disappointed.  Maybe it's cuz I've had some really really stellar sandwiches but these just felt like there was no love put into them.  I got one of the pork one and it was dry and thin.  Really a shame.
Great gyros.  Great onion rings (w/ ranch of course!).  A tiny bit pricey, but worth every penny.  Go for the gyro and you will never feel disappointed (or ill).
Slowest service ever!!!!  It took 4 days to get a water heater repaired and inspected due to the slowest plumber ever and apparently he is the only guy working since he had the day off and no one else came out to finish the job.  I wouldn't let this company anywhere near my home or business ever again.
I've been going to Bianco's since Chris opened his first one at Town and Country Shopping Center. His dedication to family and local suppliers is commendable. Short list of Pizza's and salads, but all is first rate ingredients and service. Often mentioned as the best pizza in USA so give it a try!
You get what you pay for here. It's cheap so you that's pretty much it. They do have a happy hour but if you eat as much as an adult you might as well do AYCE.
Good food, nice and relaxed atmosphere.
Average Starbucks. The service is decent but not spectacular. They made my orders  well. I rate 3-Stars because the AT&T Wifi is a joke and is a paywall for their already installed DSL.
It was open late night. The spread of choices were pretty decent. I got the Bellagio Penne. It was not bad and the price was okay. Nothing to rave about, but not so bad a place to avoid. If nothing else is open, there is this place. The service was spot on. Sit at the bar for faster service.
I must say the food here is very good.  I've had the shawarma, gyros and kabobs.  The hummus is very good as well.  Although I think it is worth mentioning that the service is questionable.  There are slow and unfriendly cashiers working and quite often their out of certain menu items.
This is seriously the nicest and cleanest gym I have ever been to, not to mention with all the new machines and the juice bar which is a added bonus. The vibe here is great compared to other gyms here in Vegas.
Waiting,  waiting,  waiting. Don't they have staff.\nStaff standing around doing nothing. This sux.
We have been going to Nando's for family events and they always treat us nice, provide excellent service and great food.  We have used the Hideaway banquet room and it is wonderful.   I always get the green chili burro enchalada style and love it.
This my second time using Eric... He picks up and drops off.  High quality iPad/iPhone repair.  It is a phenomenal service!  Thank you Eric!
Best lunch deal around the area!  You can get a full sandwich plus soup or salad for $7.99.  They have a great selection of salads, soups and sandwiches. You will not leave her hungry.  You also get a chocolate covered strawberry with every meal.  They offer catering too.
Well, that was delicious. The Don, I think it was, with chicken, marinara and no green peppers. Sheesh! I just ate it 6 hours ago and I want another right now.
Overall great experience. The mixed seafood ceviche was amazing! I wish the portion was a bit larger. I would definitely come back! I also tried the paella which was also delicious.
Pretty good sandwiches. Large sandwiches. \nWould say earl of sandwiches is better. \nCheese steak tastes similar to philly. Capastrami is good
I am a Graduate student and I ride cabs frequently to school and to work. Out of all the cities I've lived in Yellow cab is the worst. It can take up to two hours to be picked up, ( and sometimes they never come at all. Pittsburgh needs a new company to fulfill our cities needs.
I like the look and feel of Tao. Big space for dancing, go go dancers, random women in bathtubs, and good music. When the weather is warm they also have a rooftop area open which also has a dance floor and bars.
The lions are exercised daily and treated like kings.  The trainers are friendly and love the cats and the crowds.\n\nI don't know about you, but there is something pretty awesome about coming down the elevator first thing in the morning and being greeted by huge lions (behind glass of course.)
Amazing!!! It's family operated and been around for years now. Changed locations but still as good as ever!
El Super Coctel is just like the sopas de mariscos my wife and I get in Rocky Point.  $15 was enough for both of us, six tostadas worth.  So happy to have found a local place for mariscos.
The first Drive up window is covered with a sunblock screen, I drove by it only to hear knocking from the back of my truck. So I pulled back to pay. Then they forgot straws. Then had to pull back because they gave my 2 year old frys instead of apples. Gila bend is punishment from above!
The place is casual, and quite noisy, but not in a disturbing way.\n\nThe food is good, but one MUST TRY is the Taiwanese Chunk Chicken. Amazing!!\n\nNot exactly cheap, compared to the looks of the place, but their portions are big.
Ordered take out from this place and it was really good. Best Thai I've had in Charlotte so far.
We had breakfast here this morning and really enjoyed the casual vibe and good food. The chef was super flexible in customizing my order and food arrived very quick. \n\nAlso we had the cinnamon buns, they warmed them up to serve and were amazing!
Hoppin'! Best spring rolls 4 happy hour!
Go here now. Squash casserole is CRAZY. The chicken queso dish is fabulous. I've had a hard time finding something I don't love here. Everything tastes so fresh and fast service. Big portions as well.
They make you line up a mile long and wait till 1130 to let people in. \nDoormen are assholes
Extremely overpriced the people working there are extremely rude and not welcoming whatsoever they wanted nearly $60 for two designs( a flower) and just a regular purple tip acrylic nails I definitely recommend anywhere else but this place do not waste your time or money
Slow, confused wait staff...we got the wrong order and they never came back! RUDE cashier...do not ask me if everything was OK if you do not care... and you are a Manager!  $15.00 a person for eggs and bad attitude! What a waste of time and money!
So secret and so good! Best prices for good pizza especially in Vegas. Def a must try when staying at the Cosmo
Great decor and ambiance. Drinks are great, we love the blood orange and prickly pear margaritas. Definitely worth checking-out if downtown.
Delicious food from start to finish from chips and salsa to our main entrees definitely will be coming back
had the rotisserie chicken last fall was very slimy and not as good as the fresh market in Cornelius which is great. The sides are not as good as they once were
Subs are good.  I think Jersey Mikes is better by far.  Ordering is confusing.  There is a person standing up front and you have to order somewhere else.  Found myself talking to someone but not really ordering.  Subs did not blow me away with flavor.  I could most likely make a better one.
Great Restaurant Week menu.  Proscuitto wrapped pork was perfect and creative cocktails to top off the evening.
Pricey, but a good steak.  I had the bone-in filet and it did not disappoint.  We'll be back!
Food was decent, kind of slow, and the service was the normal Chinese restaurant type of experience, but the place was clean and comfortable.
Nothing beats booze and banter with the artists!!!! Melissa from the best city ever, was an amazing teacher. Very personable and works hard with a great attitude. So much fun. It's not my first time here. :)
Great Pizza. Anytime we have friends over we either go to eat there or pick up from there. Try his subs as well as the pizza. All around great place for a casual night out. Keep up the genuine personality Victor.
My hands down favorite breakfast place in Las Vegas. Everything on the menu is fantastic, but the Salmon Benedict is a real thing of beauty. A word of warning, though: come hungry. The portion sizes are easily big enough to share.
Super fast lunch service. The sub was great and great. I had the spicy Italian it was fresh and priced great for lunch. I highly recommend this Subway as it was clean, fast and friendly staff.
Got in line with my daughter when we observed the lady in front of us returning a few donuts. Expecting the donuts to go in the trash per food regulation, I walked out after seeing them being placed back with the other donuts to be sold (again).
Nothing special, your typical buffet food. The Village Buffet at the Paris is much better, and Spice Market is the best of the buffets! It doesn't even taste like buffet food.
Update: We had to drop this to a 3 star due to the horrible service. We had the worst waitress who acted like she was doing us a favor. Wish I caught her name. Lots of freckles and dark hair.
Awesome! Food is delicious, especially the buffalo Mac and cheese and the boar bacon. Drinks are creative and well made. Atmosphere is chill and trendy without being obnoxious. Kind of expensive, but worth it.
If I could give them NO stars I would, unprofessional, lazy, good for nothing @ss drivers. Amazon is guaranteed to lose business using these guys.
Worst service ever, sat at the bar for 25 minutes and not getting served or greeted. The will only serve the regulars which there where only five other people there. Pissed off and left.
i really did enjoy  the variety of items within the market. It's a little pricey past &15 bucks for pizza with a side salad . the fresh veggie market could use some fresher product but the seafood market look wonderful. I do recommend if you are downtown. don't forget to validated you parking ticket
Came here again this past weekend for the hubby's birthday. The meat this time
Unexpected. Went here because it was across the street from the Hilton where we were staying. Ordered the Mexican street corn ($3) and the Chicken Mole. Both were bold and delicious.  Would recommend to folks visiting Scottsdale for sure.
This place provides very tasty burgers and fries.  The burgers are not very fancy and the ingredients are fresh.\n\nThe only issue I have with this place is that it is very loud.  They shout at everyone coming into the door.  I really do not like the atmosphere but the food is good.
I come here all the time. Over all it is good. The  wait staff could be a little nicer, but the food is great.   The outside sitting is too crowded.
Nice lunch pizza and salad buffet. Lots of beers to choose from. Cool little spot to hangout.
Our last breakfast in Vegas and surprisingly our best meal & service.  This place was great.  Pricey, but worth it given the attention paid towards the food & service.
Not bad, not great. Hamburgers are good, same level of quality at a lot of bars across America.
If you're looking for appliances, plumbing supplies, toilets, keep looking!  Pacific Sales has difficult to understand pricing, limited products on display, and long wait times for delivery.  Most ordering is from a catalog that does not have prices.  Do yourself a favor and skip the aggravation that accompanies shopping at Pacific Sales.
I love this place.. great friendly, professional and effective service... I came here years ago after my car accident. Now I come with my girl 2 x a week.. Chong is my favorite doc.. They always have plenty of candy... And they are keeping the SHASHI in there somewhere...
Good stuff! Delicious tapas at this place, with great atmosphere, convenient off-the-strip location, etc. This place should definitely be on your list if you're heading to Vegas. The short ribs, Mac and cheese, and empanadas were all great.
Very disappointed,  I grew up in Texas and lived in Tex-Mex.  the enchilada sauce had a very weird taste.  I couldn't even finish it.
Pretty good, not memorable.  They said it was a chain headquartered in Mississippi.  That could explain it.  Nice staff though.
A SINCERE, PG Abridged Version of my review: It's pretty fun.
The lady that answered the phone was completely inept and couldn't answer a single question.\n\nShe was clearly an east coast lady and pissed to be working on Saturday. Thats about all i can say about that.\n\nWhen someone calls asking whether or not you offer sedation, you should have an answer.
The worst customer service I have received in at least twenty years. \nThey ignored customers, acted like they were doing us a favor by pointing to where product was available and seemed like workers out of some movie about Russian bureaucracy  . \nI would drive 20 miles to go to another location if I wanted to use U Haul again.
I do take out once a week for dinner. They have great dinners. The sad part is no one knows they even do dinner. The Saturday nite prime rib is the best we have had in years. The homemade meatloaf is awesome Keep up the great work guys. Love the dinners. Oh the breakfasts also great.
I had the French toast and a side of corn beef hash. Hubby had one of their breakfast special with eggs, bacon and pancakes. \nIt wasn't anything spectacular. It tasted fine but pretty average. \nIt is nice to travel a little bit outside of the Vegas stripe to eat somewhere where the residents eat at.
The bank's setup is much better then the former Washington Mutual, but it still seems very \"cookie-cutter\" with a focus on financial services.
Went to this place because I saw it on Diners, Drive Ins and Dives and wasn't impress.  The place is a dive but what was more challenging was the menu and how they serve their food.  Seemed very unorganized.  Will never go back.
I had the Texarkana Burger.  It was meh.  The atmosphere is great here.  It is in a great location near the mall.  The food was above average price and it wasn't that good.  We really have nothing special to say about it.  I was hoping for so much more and we left disappointed.
While I love Qdoba for its tasty and inspired food, this location isn't exactly my favorite. It's more expensive than Taco Bell and similar price to Chipotle. In other locations around the state, the food is a bit above other chains but this spot seems to be a bit inconsistent, loud, and cramped.
Wish I could give no stars!! I enrolled 2011 huge mistake!!!! Thank god I only attended for a month before I withdrew. I studied for the fashion design program basically $80,000.00!!!!! Insane!!! For basic education you get at csn for $300
The service here is awesome! Gentlemen, I recommend the Men's VIP haircut package, you won't regret it!
Great food, great atmosphere and the bartenders are the best!\n\nA must visit when you are in Tempe!
Nice bartender. Calamari was awful. All you taste is the frying batter. Sushi rolls were fine. Beer was cold! Happy Hour is better spent elsewhere.
Great fish and chips, nice batter not too heavy. The sausage rolls are a must. Great traditional pub beers and a decent whiskey selection too. The stew was lovely, a half order goes a long way!
The lineup for this place is very long. I like the variety of their Poutine. They actually put a lot of stuffs (cheese curds, meat, we order the ones with meat), heavy but tasty. We ordered regular size and their portions are good enough for us.
Horrible pad thai !!
Open 24/7 since the 50s and no one will judge you if you want breakfast at some ungodly hour. This place is haunted by Montreal's hockey triumphs of days gone by, but the ghosts wear a laugh and a smile. And oh I do love me a true casse-croute.
Great place to have fresh mariscos in South Phoenix.
This place is horrible! We ordered an order of fingers and the size was small they looked like they took frozen fingers and then deep fry them.  We also order fries it had no flavor and a calzone. 3 items totaled $27 with a 10 percent coupon what a rip off!!!
It is a horrible bar... $700 minimum for a mini  bar-table and only including 1 bottle of yacht club vodka. They have weird puppet shows every 30 mins or 40 I forget.. \n\nDon't go there.
It is fantastic to have a nail tech that is committed to providing great service!!! After months and months of trying different techs in different locations... Lee Spa Nails provides the best.
On Wednesdays, during lunch hours, 2 kids eat free with one adult entree. The catfish is awesome (don't get salt and pepper unless you like your food REALLY salty) and all you can eat hush puppies are to die for!
Beautiful hotel is like a resort no complaints ever , excellent service, excellent price, excellent locations  only thing you need is to have enough Energy to do everything, drink, dance, gamble, swimming, party, do it all.
Who leaves their gas station un-attended during business hours when there are customers in the convenience store? Sinclair
Mediocre food with low quality ingredients.
This place is great.  I've been a big fan - been here 3 times already.  You need to try their 3 cup sea bass, their walnut prawns- they were awesome.\n\nreally enjoyed the ambiance too!
This is a ridiculously overpriced restaurant, even for Las Vegas. The food was mediocre and the service was bad.  It seemed like the servers hated their jobs. Vegas is a great place to get great food at reasonable prices, so definitely skip this location.
Love this place. Close to home and I get what I want and how much. Way too many choices of yogurt and toppings. I am just a simple guy and get vanilla every time. ;)
Do not use this company.  I own an electrical company and have been trying to collect payment for work we have done with this company month ago.  We have sent multiple email's and call to try to collect and have still not been paid in full.  BE AWARE!!!
This shop does excellent work at reasonable prices. there are many talented artists working here & everyone is super friendly & helpful. I will be back for many more Tattoos. Highly recommend to anyone.
Just saw Chef, great movie!  This theater is not comfortable though!!!  It was hot and the chairs don't recline at all.  Even the girl I was with was sweating the whole time. I will definitely drive further for a better, more comfortable experience.
Descent breakfast. Need hotter salsa.
My smile says it all. After a fall on my face, having lost my front teeth and the bone below my nose, I was not looking good. The Dental Studio team have given me back my smile. Better than before, it mattered to them that I walked out the door looking my best. They did a beautiful job!
Great bakery with great prices
Doughnuts always seem hard and stale no matter what time of day.  I have also been sold expired milk every time I've been there so now I have to make sure to request unexpired milk when I order.
Not the best fusion American-Mexican restaurant I've ever been to. I ordered three tacos and only the el pastor and pineapple was worth ordering again. The spicy margarita was good, the atmosphere was very relaxed, but the food itself was lacking.
big fan, the tortas are outstanding, but everything so far I have tried is great!
DO NOT TAKE YOUR CAR HERE! They took two days to \"fix\" a problem for me. I got my car back and the issue was not resolved. I also have a new issue now. Now it having trouble starting. :( I wish i could give negative stars.
love the food,service kinda rude
Really good pizza! It was not greasy and it was so delicious.
Ordered spicy tuna roll to take back to the room. It was delicious. Not knock your socks off (it is just a spicy tuna roll..I was not feeling adventurous) but it was rolled perfectly.  It was really quick too. Will definitely go back.
While the food is ok, who wants to pay $15 for a roast beef sandwich. Jasons Deli is a much better deal.
Great quality, great service and good prices.  We went for the locals special, half-off sushi and specialty rolls.  Will definitely come back!\n\nNo complaints, all positive.
Beautiful modern contemporary decor, totally dig it !\n\nAll high end shops, hello Tiffany and Louis Vuitton !\n\nBoth fine and casual dining, and even an Irish bar! \n\nGreat place for shopping and dining.
Good food that is more authentic than your average chinese restaurant. Definitely worth a try!
Was here for lunch yesterday, but not my first time. It was after the lunch rush, so easy to be taken care of. Had the lobster bisque and salad. Salad was great, the bisque was a bit on the salty side, but still very good. Will have to try their mac and cheese on of these days!
Great old school, cheap breakfast place.  Small standard menu you can't really go wrong on, hit up the cinnamon raisin toast too.
Very good sushi and pretty good service.  Friend picked several rolls for our group, and we feasted.  Don't remember all of the rolls, but the soft shell crab was memorable and delicious.  Service was ok, but server did not speak English well enough to ask questions about dishes, ask about beers, etc.
Excellent sandwiches.  3 out of the 4 times I've gone I've had the Bobbie.  Had a steak and cheese once, but I definitely prefer Thanksgiving on a roll.  May as well try things that you can't get anywhere else.
They were very helpful in finding the leak that I had and was very professional.
I love when a tiny eatery outshines a bigger chain, but Lobby's basically is a stripped-down Portillo's that doesn't compare to the Chicago Italian beef giant. \n\nKudos for fast, friendly service and grass-fed beef.
Cheap and good a step up from Subway
Grab and go sweets with such convenience.  Chocolate is my go to, but there is an abundance of flavors.  Really enjoy lounging at the great tables out front when the weather is tolerable.  Don't forget the ease of parallel parking out front.
Phenomenal breakfast! Omelet was awesome and the waffle with fresh whipped cream, strawberries and their homemade strawberry syrup was the best I've had!!! Krista was the friendliest and most attentive server EVER! Will be back most definitely!
BEWARE!!!!!!! This place is a total joke!!!!!  The owner is extremely rude and told me to go fuck myself when I called if you want to go to a place with customer service like that go right ahead but if there attitude is that horrible i could only image there work!!
Simply a bad place. Owner has no clue. Very aloff.
well the waitress was good, our daughters dinner came out 10 minutes late, the food was just about the worse food i have ever received from a restaraunt. yuuuck.the atmosphere was cool but I'm there too eat and the food was just sub par for anyones taste or culture.
The intelligent folks at this establishment put turkey meat on a vegetarian Bobbie sandwich because they don't understand the meaning of the word \"vegetarian\". They'll also refuse to make you a new sandwich and won't refund the sandwich that they made improperly. Now THAT'S customer service.
went here for dinner Saturday night - was the least crowded I've ever seen it and got right in for a late bite. Delicious trout. That's right - trout. It was yummy and healthy.
2nd visit just as great as the first. Get the American style Kobe from Idaho and you will be happy. BEST STEAKHOUSE IN VEGAS!
Amazing poutine!
Well...I wouldn't get the dragon lady roll again but the shumai were good, and the rainbow roll was good.  Too many mayo/cream cheese rolls on that menu. Not even busy on a Sunday night with the BCS game in town.  Nice atmosphere.
I generally get the falafel for 5 bucks. Really tasty and it makes two meals. The decor is kind of weird, if it were solely a take out place I'd like it even more.
BEWARE!!! I mistakenly left my diamond bracelet on the bathroom vanity and when I arrived back to my room a couple of hours later it was stolen. I'm POSITIVE that housekeeping stole the item and for this reason, I will NEVER stay here again.
I like AJ's because they always have my White Chocolate Ale. Other than that, I just slum it and go to a regular grocery store for everything else.
Great sushi for the all you can eat price!   Nice people and ambience!  Surprisingly fresh for an all you can eat place in las Vegas.   $26 for dinner,  not bad!
Tried seven dishes... All were absolutely amazing! La Tasca has nothing on this place. Highly recommended
I couldn't even sit for more then 5 minute while my oil was being changed without them making me get up to try to sell me something. They even tried to sell me on some charity thing. I came to get an oil change! Also they didn't turn of my service light which was on because I needed an oil change.
Simply put, my dog had an amazing time here. Reaper had plenty of room to play with the other dogs and most of the dogs/owners were very friendly. There wasn't much grass and the lake was a little gross but I cannot wait to take him to Cosmo again.
I was not pleased at all! I was disappointed
Great bbq, pretty good sides.  I have had the pulled pork, shredded beef, and the links. And I really like the potato salad, which I am pretty particular about.
Normally the food is good but if its not busy you can tell the food has been out for a while and for 12.50 id expect better. Nice atmosphere and clean
Service at best was ok, food did not do enough to over come poor service. Seemed to be a \"new priced menu\" for an event going on. I would go back, but things need to tighten up.
Met a date for dinner.....Ordered the pad Thai. \nThe dish was so poor tasting. very disappointed.\nI didn't let the waiter know because I was on a date.\nThe service was good.\nFood....not so good.
This  place is Awesome!  Clean, fresh air, fabulous  breakfast, friendly staff A+ rating. Highly recommend .
Sugar N Spice is by far the best place to get coffee, tea, donuts, lunch or just to meet some nice people. The staff, the food, and the drinks are incredible.
I like sandwich and stuff as much as anyone else. this place was pretty good. The prices were good also. the staff was good. Everything worked out the way it should. There were no negative surprise. No poistive surprises either. It was a nice resturant.
$3 for a can of Heineken, thank you!!\n\nWell laid out, good sound and reasonable beer prices.\nIf someone you like is performing here, GO!!
Not the most efficient place, long waits, not enough medical staff & even a return visit is not Expedited, not very friendly front desk\n\nI would def not recommend this place
Can you say 1970?  This is a typical east coast diner look and feel.  (Except it is a bit run down inside!)\n\nDescent variety of menu items.  Food was average.  Hot and fresh.   Prices seemed a little high for the amount of food you get but then again it is Scottsdale.
Came for their late night Steak & Eggs special.. It went up from 3.95 to 4.95! Waitresses were nice, there was no wait and you get a good amount of food. You basically get what you pay for though, quality was pretty bad but if I was drunk it probably would've been great.
A favorite lunch spot of mine.  If you get there before 11:30 am they have a \"recession friendly\" menu where almost everything on the lunch menu is $5.95.  Quite a deal considering the portions.
This restaurant turned into \"Meat Chix and Weiners\" and has frankly gone straight down the tubes.  Different menu, horrible chicken, new sauces with odd flavors.
Fish and chiiiipsssss are the best. Don't try anything else than that. And no fries, they're not that good anyway.
In Montreal for this past weekend.  Came here two days this weekend.  Not a disappointment.  Coffee was awesome.  Had Montrealer omelette first day, Montrealer platter the 2nd.  No complaints.  Was seated in less than 10 mins on Saturday morning.
Know someone who can \nGet you into VIP.\nBlow the night away.\n\n(b)
I like the rocking chairs and the view at sunrise at the end of terminal D.
Ugly location. Good sushi. Great value. Good service. Not very busy, which means short waits.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!!! Best smoothies around!! Must try the acai bowls!! I have tried every single one of them and have never been disappointed!! They are absolutely delicious!! I could eat here everyday!!
Horrible service.  Glaciers form faster than the kitchen can make the simplest dishes.  The menu is a schizo mess with half of the items not even available.  Food is just OK, nowhere near amazing like they imagine.  There are so many better options for delicious fresh vegetarian food in Vegas.
Don't know about the nightlife scene here (anymore) but you really can't beat their happy hour. Its the good 'ol 2-for-1 cocktails and free food until 7pm! Can't beat that.
The owner is an ignorant egotist. Talks down to customers and is amazingly rude. I wont be going back, even with really low prices, I don't like being treated rudely.
Love this place!! The best item is the bulgogi tacos.
I keep going here because it is an OK environment for the baby when we want to shop in Aria.  But ugh, every time the wait is soooo long, the food is never that great, it is always freezing.  Why do I keep going back?  And no buffet during the week.
Mediocre at best. Nothing was outstanding - for the prices, I had much higher expectations.
Was one of our favorite stops for a pick-me-up and breathe catcher. It is closed now and we are saddened by this fact. Will miss the location.
Well organized and Clean and service excellent food is very good! Highly recommend this place for Vietnamese food.
This place can be a bit crowded. They dissapointed me on St. Patricks day by selling out of soda bread by noon. Hello-! workin' Irish girls need bread too! However the blueberry bron stugar waffles with orange spread instead of butter make up for it!
1 star given for this location because they gave me a burrito bowl with absolutely nothing in it. I'm super surprised. I looked at them like...reallyyy? And it still was pretty much an empty bowl. Usually they fill it up and I'm quite irritated at the inconsistent service.
Potato chip pickerel = YUM!!\nGood service - fast
my order was wrong and took forever and tasted like crap plus the employees were grab assing around and I seen them making out  a kid touch a girl on her ass in front of customers that is very un professional and they want a raise! grow up and act professional
U.S. Egg, I christen thee with my first Phoenix area four star rating.  How could I have forgotten about you.  Definitely a breakfast place worth waiting for.  Corn beef hash.  mmmmm
We've been coming here for 2 years and love it! Hands down the best Thai place in the area. Everything on the menu is outstanding!
Came here one night with my hubby. We drank margaritas. The night started out with people singing karaoke, but once people stopped going up the karaoke host rocked it. It was a lot of fun!
Wasn't expecting much when I was looking at the front of the store, but when I walked inside I was blown away.  The coffee was great and fresh, sitting on top of a great atmosphere to blog, do HW, etc.  Definitely should try it if you have a chance!
This restaurant came highly recommended from several friends.  The location,  ambiance and service were good.  The food was just ok,  no one in our party was very impressed with the food.  All plates are served tapas style so the servings are smaller and meant to be shared.  The pork belly was the sole standout.
What happened to Dunkin Donuts? Holy crappy does this place suck. The donuts are stale and taste weirdly like chemicals. I cannot recommend anything except that you drive five minutes to Bosa Donuts on McDowell. Great donuts, and locally owned. Support local.
The dish was great. Service was wonderful. It was my Birthay and they had a note in the menu wishing Happy Birthay. They also gave a cake with a candle. Everything was great. Prices were fair for a place like that. It is worth to visit it
Had the best coffee ever here and the food was great!   Didn't get 5 stars because a place with czech in its name should have strudel for sale.
Every time I come here I like it even more. There is always new art to be discovered. Some of them interactive. One of these days I'm going to be sober when I walk through there so I can appreciate everything better. There is enough shiny stuff to make a capuchin monkey go into a seizure.
I have found this car wash to be a suitable replacement after Lakeside Carwash closed.  They are pretty quick and do a nice job.  They have a comfortable waiting area, and if you want you can buy food in their mini mart.  Be sure to get their \"Pit Stop Card\" to earn free washes.
The smoothies are ok. The real problem is a few of the teens working here. Rude and not interested in working or helping customers. Real easy solution for the owner of this location considering how many people needs jobs...
Great food and great service! Super friendly staff and delicious food every visit so far.
The BEST vegetarian fare this side of the Mississippi. Rates up there with Harmony in Atlanta on Buford Hwy.\n\nThird trip here & I still haven't tried  of the menu! They keep me coming back for more!
Fancy atmosphere. Not a big fan of the smell of incense but some might enjoy it. I had pad thai with chicken and we shared a shrimp Tom Kha soup which was the highlight of the meal. The pad thai was bland and lacking that sweet/salty/sour taste I look for in Thai food.
The new terminal is great!
We get the fastest, most friendly service here! We have frequented this chain in 4 other states and this is the best by far! The food is always fresh and I love that they use locally grown ingredients.
I love this Godiva except for one of the workers. Other than him it's great!
Awesome food !!!
Found a few neat things at decent prices, but honestly LOTS of way overpriced things. We know the value of blown glass. If there isn't a sticker or stamp proving it's Murano, it shouldn't be sold for Murano prices.
AWFUL! To call this a steakhouse is laughable. Best I can say is mediocre over priced nursing home food. Staff approached us as if we were lucky to be there. Went with pre teens, too noisy to chat and not a one in my party enjoyed their food. Waste of time and money.
Dive bars, mmmm good. Wood paneling and cheap drinks, 3 bucks for gin and tonics and most other mixed drinks. A shuffleboard game, Golden cup video golf game, darts and a good jukebox.   As far as dives go this place is a hidden gem.
Order the lobster and steak, the steak was the size of a sausage party and the lobster tail was over cook and finished with three small bite!  Will never return!!!
Oh the food here is soo good guys. I come here really often and each time is a sweet experience. I've tried the veggie meal last time and that too was awesome. Love their flavours and dishes. Dont forget to BYOW and try their yummy soup.. Heres to good convos :)
Always get accommodated right away and they are all very sweet! Snow has done my nails and toes twice now and always leave happy. Refreshments here from water to beer/wine/champagne. Everything is very clean and cute inside. You'll leave happy with great prices and punch/reward card!
Always love Postino.  Whether  for happy hour with colleagues or after dinner out with friends.  It is always enjoyable.  The only reason it is not 5 stars is that there is always a wait (which is not bad) but there is plenty of room out back and could be more seating.  Otherwise, a 5 star experience every time.
Ordered the chicken pho today and it would have been delicious but I encountered plastic in my food! NOT COOL
Wowwwwwww. It's currently 8:30. We got here at 7:30. Still no sushi. It makes me a little uneasy that sushi would take that long. Waitress was decent but the wait killed it. Although we are new to the area, I know one place going on the never again list.
The food overly greasy and unappealing and it all just felt extremely cheap and low-end.\nFood is bad a year than a year\uff0cI never come back\uff01
I'm getting hot n juicy reminiscing about the shrimp in butter garlic sauce. When you're tempted, just remember that it's not socially acceptable to feast on shrimp on the full flight home.
Soso food.Overpriced.Nice restaurant though.I was snapped at a couple of times.
A great place. \nGreat food,\nService  was a  little  on the slow side, but maybe that was just that particular day.\n\nOther wise it's  a nice place.
Visited just for one thing - Inca Kola.\n\nWhich they had in cans, bottles and were also very cheap! For that I should give them 4 * but as I didn't visit the rest of the shop it wouldn't be fair.\n\nI've missed you Inca Kola
Cool little place to get something to eat that's a decent price. Never ate here for dinner, but I think it's a great lunch stop. I like the \"literary theme\" of the menu, and the food was always tasty with a good range of options. No complaints and will return.
Long wait times. Management doesn't care about the staffs work load or the patients wait time. Under staffed under trained and over worked. As long as they get you through to get their insurance money. All about the money not about the people.
This studio is nicely decorated, the teachers are knowledgeable,the sequencing is well done. The student-teacher ratio is pretty low though so don't expect adjustments or personal attention. Also, the classes get really crowded and sometimes waiting your turn to move around/exit can blow the high that you just worked so hard to achieve.
I finally made it over to My Florist for lunch.  I had the turkey and brie sandwich.  It was excellent.  The service was great.  I liked the space.  I will definitely go back.
Worst experience ever !!! They took over 20 ns to get me my food and that was the drive thru !!! Never coming again !!
Not only is this place great, but they support local artists, USA-Made only products and the staff is just awesome. Dee is truly a wonderful person.
Not worth $$$
decent food but very expensive. the motif isn't too appealing either. service was efficient and friendly. definitely not as good as the one in NYC.
Service a little slow but food was great. I didn't like that I had to ask for the fried rice that was included in my meal.
WORST buffet on the Vegas Strip.   \n\n'Nuf said
Amazing ice cream. Spoke with owner and you can tell he has a passion for what he is doing. Small independent business thriving down the street from a Ben & Jerrys...love to see this. Pop in a gran a cone or chocolate covered bacon.
Don't get this place mixed up with the sister establishment on seventh Ave, which is (for some reason) clearly superior. The food is passable. Not the best salsa. But ok. If you have the choice go to the other one.
Love the enchiladas!! They say they are their specialty & they're not kiddin! They have a full page of enchiladas. Everything takes incredibly fresh. Service & size leave alot to be desired  but the food (& portion size) is well worth it!
They have everything here but no black candles.. What is a B day without black candles? Really every other thing on the planet is here! It was in and out no fuss, helpful staff, so many options, balloons, cards, everything for a party for sure!
great local spot to get a greasy dinner breakfast!
I can see why they have a great rating. I had a gyros platter. They really piled it on. Great flavor , clean, friendly reasonable prices. I like my meat a bit more well done and will ask for that next time.
Ok- we took a chance on this buffet, and was disappointed.  The only positive experience was with the host staff, who were really nice.
Disappointing! Better Mexican food around.\nThe food was kind of bland and lacked flavor
Always enjoyed everything I've had there, cocktails, lunch & happy hour. Good presentation and atmosphere. Good service and wine list.
Amazing food! Everything we tried was good, especially their kimchi jeon pancakes. Highly recommend this restaurant!!
Great sushi. I would rank it up there with I love sushi. Chili garlic edamame, crunch roll add cream cheese and jay special is the usual got to.
Wow, this place is fantastic!  Get the Karai!  Great sushi, great sushi!  Sit at Choo Choo's station...he's a riot.
After having wait 45 minutes to check in I finally made it to my room. It was like one of those old run down hotels out in the middle of nowhere! Ice maker was broke, bed was hard and very uncomfortable, buffet was HORRIBLE! I wouldn't stay here again if it was free!
The best steak ever. Period! Most expensive steak I've bought. Period! Glad I had good luck at the Black Jack tables to help finance the dinner.
Awful experience! We were seated after about a 30 minute wait only to wait another 20 minutes at our table without anyone acknowledging us. No drinks. No hello. We got tired of waiting and left.
Yuck. I went around 2:30 am to the 24 hour pickup. The food was greasy, doughy, and tasteless. It might be the worst Mexican food I have ever had.
Comfortable and clean. The people who work there are always friendly and I never have to worry when dropping the kids off for a movie.
Big, crowded, popular eatery.  Food is good, not great but I'm a food snob.  Girls at reception desk were too busy flirting with guy to greet guests, had to wait several minutes till they finally noticed I was standing there.  Ate at the bar, Jeremy the bartender was fantastic with great service and recommendations.
Stylish place with a nice patio (when open). Food is decent enough, but really the place to come if you like Tequila. Four hundred types of Tequila on stock.
My wife and i were really in the mood for Korean. Found this place using yelp, and I'm glad we did. Great service, great food. Las Vegas can be tough, sometimes the food just isn't worth the price. In this restaurant, it is fantastic...pricey, but worth it.
Pretty disappointing overall.  Rice was undercooked, food was in some cases too sweet, in others too bland.  Not impressed.
The best pizza in Pittsburgh by a landslide. The Pierogi pizza is THE BOMB! And the Ranchero Steak really hits the spot. The pizza place is original with a capital O. Also, the staff are very well mannered and efficient. I've never had to wait over 15 minutes! Hallelujah!!!!!
My friend and I had excellent service from the entire crew today!  Travis and his manager were terrific!  Thank you for singing Happy Birthday too :)
cheap but a bit dingy and worn\nand seems to be in a tough area, we don't feel safe here\nbooked on hotwire and got a good rate but there is a $20 up charge for 2 beds or for a king\nso we slept on the queen\nbed comfy, but carpet dirty
They now carry a perfectly servicable New Zealand sauvignon blanc, added some mood lighting, have an excellent happy hour menu and have expanded their bruchetta offerings (try the hummus...it's outrageous). Happiness.
Place is clean, food was good. Just needed to add some shrimp to the shrimp Po Boy.
Had lunch here with co-workers. Good ambiance, but the food was just OK. I had the crab stuffed shrimp which weren't bad but nothing to write home about. Service was also on the mediocre side. However, the flatbreads looked pretty good, though I didn't try them....
Didn't even make it inside.  The line was about 6 people long and the elderly hostess did not speak to us once while we waited... and we were there for a while.  It WAS 11 PM - perhaps she was asleep standing up?
What a great place!! Just a little drive off the strip, but well worth the entire 10 min drive...  Will go back again and again.. One of my new favorite spots!!!!!!
For 50 dollars per person this place is overrated. Not only did everything look un appealing it tasted worse. The only thing that was good were the king crab legs and the macaroons. Don't waste your money you can find a better buffet for cheaper on the strip.
Drooling just thinking about this place. Honestly, I wish every city had a Bar Chocolate. Everything is so decadent and absolutely delicious. In the winter it's nice to stop in for a cup of their amazing hot chocolate, sit in the lounge and listen to the pianist.
Food quality has gone down. Ordered a pastor burrito and there was a small amount of meat with mouthfuls of tortilla. This place used to be excellent now there portions are half the size. Also the burrito had big chunks of fat in it.
no no no no no
Eh- I wouldn't go back. Nothing great about the food. Quite certain the wings, pickles, pretzels, and possibly the quesadilla came frozen and was warmed in the micro. Lots of beer to choose from, so I guess that was cool. Nothing special here!
New Crunchy Pork Tacos are awesome! Tortilla soup in the winter can't be beat either. Great Patio right in the heart of Old Town.
This place is awesome. They let you sample a few things before you order and are very helpful with their suggestions. The jade red chicken is awesome with the plain rice with black beans! Also, their cookies are to die for.
This place was excellent. Friendly staff and a really nice environment. We'll be going here again!
Never crowded, service is quick and efficient. Food is typical Roberto's. Love their enchaladas and rellanos.
The guy in the store has a very poor customer service.. he looks very mean. He will price your stuff quickly without asking or interogating your medical insurance..Very poor customer service.....
Helpful staff small servings gelado okay
Love coming here for some coffee on a late studying night where I know i'll definitely need it. Also have had their iced double dirty chai latte and it's absolutely delicious. I bring my pup with me sometimes and they give her a doggy treat! People that work here are always energetic -love it
So far so good ;)\nGreat place for lunch!\nFast and tasty.
Chipotle Retried bean tacos...yes just beans n some peppers..fkn rockstar...great entertainment watching the cooks pull fresh noodles!!
I found black hair in my meatball sandwich(I'm blonde), when I confronted the owner he said \"that's possible\". Extremely disgusting and rude! Didn't even take the sandwich off the bill. Also they only take cash here. Wonder why? Don't go here, unless you like eating hair.
Dive casino and basic cafe.  But the price is great, $8 for a steak and sides, including beer or root beer, great deal.  Waiter was nice, food was good.  Mind you, this is basic chow, not a fancy cut of meat, I think it was top sirloin, but it was good and cooked correctly.
Their fish tacos were better than most.  I will ask for them cooked a bit longer next time. But that's just my preference.
One of the best options for Dim Sum in Vegas.
Same treatment every time. Never had a bad experience here yet, and they aren't too pushy on the upsell. #i come back
Tried it and it was not good. Service was horrible and the food was low quality. French onion soup tasted like brown salt water, rib eye steak had no flavor. Took 45 minutes to get the check even after asking at least 3 times. I do not believe it when  people think this is a quality place.
Horrible delivery service, I do not know why Amazon chooses to do business with these people. The person delivering my package did not even take the time to knock on my door to see if I was home. Instead he chose to throw my package at my doorstep and leave without saying anything. Terrible customer service.
The only reason jimmy johns is fast is because they only deliver within a 2 mile radius. I live exactly 2.3 miles away. \nWHAT A JOKE!!!!!!\nSubs are good tho.
Amazing donuts.\n\nCash only.
One of the best shops Ive been to and Ive been to a lot. The guys are super chill (especially Easy and Jimi) the shop is super clean. Top notch all around. Love this place recommend it to everyone.
Open until midnight, great cool down treat in the Las Vegas merciless heat. Their flavored shaved ice has great combinations and my favorite was the Bruce Tea. The little fixins they put are so unique and fun!
soo good!!!!!!!!!! this is the 2nd cirque show i have seen and it did not disappoint! Not for the uptight or prude! :)
I love red velvet cakes, but the ones here were too dry. It's not even topped with cream cheese icing. I do not recommend! I also tried the \"blood\" mate tea, it was okay. The fruit yogurt parfait sucks too!
Classic \"form over function\" failure.\n\nIt's all about the appearance of being a good restaurant, but he food just does not merit the price.  It's not bad, it's just not that good.
Love this place a nice place to  come and just get a drink. Its really big. Wish I would have came a few days earlier while I was on vacation.
These guys are amazing. Had an issue with my LG fridge that nobody could find out, these guys were on it and didn't give up until the problem was solved. Definitely recommend them
I ordered my usual Pho and fried egg rolls.  The waitress wasn't the friendliest, but not rude either.  The food was actually pretty good, but the waitress never checked on us to see if we wanted anything else. We didn't, but she certainly did not get my customary 20%-25% tip.
These guys know their stuff. I have sent several friends here over the years and they have all commented on the professionalism, sincerity, and the personal touch most larger offices lack. \n\nIf you try Health Coach Chiropractic you will feel comfortable, get results, and save some money. (they are a locally owned office)
Came here with my sister in law she had a coupon for a 27.99 mani/ spa pedi. The staff was friendly they have a tv and plenty of magazines to look through. I got a french tip mani and spa pedi with a flower. The guy did a great job our nails look gorgeous!
Good bk food. Slow service. Drive through is a 10 min stop even if your the only one in line. Always feels like i am bugging the person at the window.
The best buffet I have ever had in my life. I feel I could come to LV just for this buffet (but this is the only buffet I tried in LV). The Bacchanal buffet makes the trip to LV memorable for me.
Beautiful place with beautiful people on a wonderful side of town.
The coffees and frozen drinks are very good. The yogurt was premade, so the granola was mushy.
Mayfield village was a really good Chinese with lovely food and staff but mayfield village is now shut down.
This post office is a joke. The fact that the passport hours are only till 3 is so dumb. Most people have a 9-5 job and can't make it to the post office before 3 to get passport stuff taken care of. Not to mention, the service there is an absolute disgrace. Absolutely horrible.
Poor service.  Didn't listen and got a simple order wrong.  Didn't want to make it right.  Didn't offer a refund when I didn't take the drink.  Will never ever be back.
LOVE this place. They treat you with respect and kindness (unlike Karaoke Star), and always have specials going. The place is so nice and has a great atmosphere. \n\nI miss living in Vegas for this place alone, but I'll be there when I visit...everytime!
If you go to \"tips\" you see another of my reviews of this same place.  Troy D., who calls my review \"stupid,\" also works at Turf as a bartender.  So as you can see, more than one of their staff at this place put the customer first...
The food is good..but the customer service is real poor, service with attitude, slam drink and menu on the table with out a word of apologize...would not recommended
Coole location. Mir pers\u00f6nlich war es etwas zu laut und zu viele Leute.\nSonst macht es echt Spa\u00df
This is a good place for beginners to the art to get introduced.  They work with you and you can go at your own pace.  They can also set you up with a mat and workout clothes.  All in all a good experience.
Large portions, the line moves quickly, great outdoor seating where my wild kids can roam free (watch out for them climbing the fence to get to the oh so tempting playground in the middle of traffic), and the food is outstanding.  My favorite is the brisket.  So tender with a touch of crunchiness in just the right places.
Don't count on dining in here, because it is small with limited seating.\n\nThe almond croissant I had was absolutely perfect decadence. I can't wait to go back.
Plan ahead keep an eye on there web site family fun projects always happening helpful staff they can always direct you right were you need to be good half day with the kids on weekend project days
If you like a Mediterranean flavor, Greco Freash Grill is a good choice. Love their chicken gyros with oregano & lemon fries. Food is consistently good with generous portions. Staff is very friendly and pleasant, and seem to go out of their way to make sure your enjoyed your meal.
Outstanding! \n\nIf you want the best produce in the metro area, go to Town and Country or the Old Town Scotttsdale farmer's markets. \n\nBob is the best! He even has a roving chef telling you how to use your food and often hands out free recipes.
Cheap rooms and gross. Really smoky and paper thin walls. Price is good, but didn't make for a good Vegas experience. Considering how cheap the other hotels are I'd stay at another place.
I saw this a couple years ago, but I really enjoyed it! It was a great night with lots of laughter, but what the hell was up with the costume and set design crew? Do you not have eyes? There was nothing creative about this! And as a theater junkie you get docked two stars.
Best deal for the money! Great people, and the owner is a down to Earth guy who just wants people to have a good time.
Love this place!  Makes me miss the midwest with all the memorabilia.  Great service too.
Cool atmosphere, but just about the worst service you can imagine.   Ordered a beer 10 minutes ago and still waiting.
no microwave or fridge; kind of weak A/C; no ice machine on second floor; ghetto part of town.
This place was absolutely packed in the middle of a weekday. Parking was a nightmare. Lines inside were ridiculous. I left without buying anything.  I'll stick to the N. Decatur location in the future.
I finally managed to pop in here for lunch and was surprised at how good it was. The place was almost empty which immediately sent up red flags (maybe typical on a summer weekday?), but the food was actually very good. I will try this again in the evening which I assume will be a little more festive.
Great cafe, wifi, etc., but I had to amend my review after going into the bathroom. It is terrible and way below the standards that the rest of the store seems to be held to. I really like the cafe and checking out the books, but that nasty bathroom really ruined the experience...
Las Vegas Deliveries is awesome very hard workers and Dave is my absolute favorite I will always call these guys whenever I need help moving or need furniture delivered from Rcwilley etc...
I had laughed at this place when it first received its makeover.   A bar beside a gas station.  However, this has the coolest atmosphere inside.   The wait staff is friendly.  Highly recommend.
FUKN ROCKSTAR!!!!  JOSE you have done it again! Love the food the service was elite as well!!!  DEFINATE MUST
I've been here a couple times now. The service has always been quick & friendly and they have some really tasty dishes. Our favorites include the reuben rolls, harvester sandwich, and fish fry! \n\nCapital Tap Haus is a nice step up from bar food for a casual night out!
Are here for lunch. Ordered a medium burger that came well done. Burger was not only overcooked but boring with stale bread and fries were nothing special. My coworker had veggie burger and said it was not great either. Would not eat here for lunch again but I heard breakfast is good.
One of the worst restaurants I that I have been to in terms of service . In case you want to eat  at an Applebee's try going to the one at Happy Valley as they have much better service. To the restaurant- if the wait staff is not trained properly, the customers will not come back.
You saved our asses, rather my husband's, for carrying alcohol. We were able to have some cocktails from the comfort of our room without the casino bar prices. Stars for its close proximity to our hotel and for having Belvedere on stock.
Last Sunday was the first time I have ever been here. I have lived here for 5 years and I do not understand how I could have ever missed this place. We had the Rosemary Chicken and Waffles and all I can say is that it gave us \" the itis \" proper and right.
I've never been in a spa shower that loses water pressure when someone flushes the toilet.
This is a new outdoor shopping area in Las Vegas. It has plenty of parking and was nicely decorated for the holidays. I didn't get to explore the entire area, but found some good bargains during some after Christmas shopping I did while I was in Las Vegas.
Justin is awesome! Very attentive and professional. He has the right staff and his happy hour is phenomenal. This is my first time here and I will definitely come back. Try the soju cocktails, they are to die for.
Great customer service from our waiter Pete. He was awesome.  Very friendly and attentive.  Portions are so big you can share. Great authentic Italian food.
Bought the groupon. I went in very skeptical because of the bad reviews and because I don't normally like icing.\n\nThese cupcakes are AMAZING. \n\nMoist. Delicious. Soft creamy icing. Just perfect. I couldn't have asked for anything better.
Wow! Everything and more. Yes, it's vulgar (and hilarious), but the acts are amazing and you're so close. Forget cirque, see this!!!
Cool folks there. The food is really good. The menu is a bit confusing, but the food makes up for it. \n\nGive this place a shot you won't regret it.
Super cool idea and I love the elevaotr... but the regular rooms are meh. For how much I wanted to spend it would have been nice to have something nicer... Still a really pretty hotel and the Titanic meuseum was really cool.
Michelle is awesome, does awesome brows and makes you feel really comfortable !
This place is awesome!  Great quality meats, dry rubs, smoking woods... You pay more for the meat than you would at Fry's, but you get what you pay for.  I highly recommend the AZ Cardinal Brats.
Best won ton in Las Vegas ! Food is good noodled is the best !! Dim sum only on weekend price is $$ but good !!! Always came here if I am in Vegas !! Never go work coming  here for good Chinese food !
Food was amazing. Our sever Chelsea was one of the best waitresses we ever had. Always asked if we needed anything, kept drinks topped off, funny, and very polite. Atmosphere, service, great food.....hard to find that trifecta in any restaurant. Definitely will be back!
Everything was pretty good. We order way to much food so we were glad to have lunch for the next day for the price. The rolls didn't look that nice and it took a little while for us to get our order. Staff was nice and very helpful. It's a small location, not great for a big group.
Get the swedish massage.\n\n(end review)
Hungry after long hours of gambling I just couldn't wait for food. I needed to eat.  I seen the bad reviews but thought how could they mess up a dog. Maybe some people are just to critical of these places.  It was a hot dog, it was good for what it was.  Quick, fast and easy.
There are not many restaurants by my house, so I was pleasantly surprised when I came across Island Flavor! Some of my favorite dishes include their poke and chicken katsu. I especially love that the portions are huge - great for leftovers! This is the perfect restaurant to order to-go and enjoy a some authentic Hawaiian flavors.
Pork buns is a must try. For the ramens, I prefer miso ramen, which has the right amount of flavor~
Excellent for quick meal on the go...
Schwartz. was ok. Would not go out the way for their sandwiches. Compare to NY'S FAMOUS Katz's Schwart's is not as tasty and juicy. also they charge extra for the pickles!
Disappointed, I was there 3 days/2 nights, I was never able to use the WiFi...same problem 5 years ago... Good accommodation for $40, the tower is the top..the gym, no comment!
Pizza was not cooked enough, crust was completely soggy and mushy in the middle. Took forever to make my friends salad. At least it was a cute atmosphere and they had a decent beer selection.
Great food!!!  Live music.  I have lived here since 1996 and this is my first time!  Can't believe what I have been missing!!!
This place reminds me of a dollar store. The reason I had to stop in was because they carried a toy that my son wanted. Otherwise, I don't think I would have stopped in. Prices aren't all that great either.
meh... it was ok hot yoga.  hard to find.
Food is okay but the price is Very expensive.   Before you order, better you check the prices. Even the best Persian restaurant in the usa does not have such prices.
Coffee: meh. Food: eh. \nI come here for the eye-candy, Zac Efron lookalike barista. Yeeeeoooowww! (hey, are you 18?)
Went with a party of 8 on a Friday night.  Two wanted bone in rib eye and we told at 8 pm they were out.  Huh?  It's a steak house.  Manager less than sympathetic.  Also one NY strip came out well done instead of medium.  Very slow delivery of entrees as well.  A very expensive and poor experience.
Great pricing when you go to the brewery. We usually leave with at least one growler. Sometimes, their brew can be hit or miss but I like experimentation and you can never go wrong with the sampler size. I wish they were closer to town and maybe that they served food other than bar nuts.
Deano the bartender was very nice and very good with customer service. But the philly cheese steak! OMG! That thing was SO SALTY! I will never ever get in my life again
Definitely not my favorite theater to see a show in. If you get a seat in the middle good luck if you need to get up and use the bathroom, and once you get to a bathroom expect a long wait. Aside from all that, it is a historical building and the shows they bring in are a lot of fun.
Stupid me. I failed to read the reviews. Wish I had. They are the best shuttle service at getting people in line to buy a ticket. Only then do you realize the available buses are limited an you Iine up waiting 45 mins for the queue line and buses to show up. Take a cab!
Wolfy, ya still got it! I've been to several of his restaurants from Chinois to Spago, and this is my favorite. Chinois being a close second. Great steaks, sleek decor, good service. The best meal I've had in Sin City.
Great place! Love the Katsu. Never been a fan of the apps or dessert, but always a solid choice as far as entrees go. \n\nDefinitely worth checking out if you're a katsu fan.
they have amazing chili.\n\nsadly, their staff sucks and i waited 30 minutes for my sprite.\n\nlame.
The food was creative and very high quality. It was executed and presented beautifully. The service was very precise. Overall a tremendous experience.\n\nI enjoyed the subtle yet poignant latin influence. It can be a bit pricey, but I believe it's one of the top restaurants in Vegas.
I had the wonton soup  and grilled chicken wings. Nice and clean restaurant located on jones surrounded by other hidden Asian gems. Their menu has Asian tapas and delicious meals to satisfy your fusion! Need to go back for more!
Cool little casino with some good drinks at the bar. Food court with regular fast food junk. Stop by here for a drink then move along.
Great place! Food is excellent. Service was great as well. Pollo fundido was best we've ever had. Great place for happy hour too!
Dr Weisz is great! Understanding and knowledgeable. For the most part, he is on time and cares what I have to say. His front office staff is not very friendly but they seem to know what they are doing.
Bunch of college kids you know? What do you really expect when they rather be partying than running a store. A few dudes seemed cool enough at least to direct and actually show me to the bathroom. Other than that, it's just a college store.
There is such a big variety of flavors, and i ALWAYS have great costumer service! they have places to sit inside and out, and the store has a very comfortable environment. Whether i am helped by the owners or one of the employees i always have a great experience! you should definitely try vivido!
The worst delivery experiences ever!  Don't waste your time with this place there is much better and that does not routinely screw up orders.
Delicious burgers and a great place to see a game!!
I've only been here once, and i Loved it. It was a very nice quiet place to sit and eat with the family.
Took forever to get anyone to help us, then to top it off our order was wrong! Definitely not coming back!!!
Antiquated and dirty. \nSnarky cashier. Inventory is 99% reduced nothing. \nSave your gas and go to your nearest Walmart or Target
First time experiencing Pei Wei.  Found it to be overpriced and underwhelming.  Everything was just this side of overcooked, not particularly special, not particularly appetizing.  \n\nWon't be returning.
Food sucks, but they have some local craft beers on tap. The only excuse to come here is if your gate is close by or you need to sit within a short distance of your gate.
I have been here several times.  Food is always good and the service always sucks.
One of the biggest reasons I won't go back for a brazilian is that the walls are not floor to ceiling.  I just can't get past the fact that I can hear everything going on outside and they can hear me.  I love the business name though!
Cant give negative stars.  So got this walked in with a meal that followed my diet and was going to get drinks and they told me I had to eat my meal outside on the curb. Fail fail fail
Beautiful rooms but will not go back. It was lacking a lot of customer service.
This hotel is gorgeous. I espeically love seeing their garden area. I also like their buffet and they have a couple decent clubs as well. The only thing I don't like is the location which I find a bit inconvenient. I'd go more often if it were more towards the middle of the strip.
Eaten here twice before, food was delicious, but I hadn't received what I had ordered.  The other night my friend and I had the ceasar salad and tiramisu and were sick in the bathroom for 24 hours... up and out :((
burned the calzone.
You ask why the horrible service its because they stop paying the techs good money. Now a technician has to do double the work just to feed his family and cant spend the time to do the work right
After reading the reviews... I am glad they were CLOSED when we went there today. Signs in the windows say that they are closed with no expected opening date
Really nice place. The food is Good and the staff goes out of their way to provide great service. I will be back soon
At first site of the menu I wasn't impressed, but once the food arrived I was indeed satisfied. And the peanut butter chocolate pie topped it off at the end. I love how mostly everything on their menu is grilled, great healthy place to eat with family! Nice and Affordable
Love little mom and pop joints like this .. Especially when mom and pop make the food! I enjoyed the ground beef sausage type meat and their bread is moist and spongy ... Decent price and the place is  well kept and clean
Looking on the bright side, the positives were the service was friendly and fast and the restaurant was clean and comfortable. Okay, now the negatives. The food we were given was Chinese food with a Chinese presentation.  The liberal dosing of teriyaki sauce on indifferent ingredients does not make a meal Japanese. We were so disappointed.
Food was mediocre, wait staff made zero effort to make our night accommodating, the music sucked. I asked if they could put on some Irish music, being an Irish pub, and their reply was \"we don't get Irish music with our DirecTV subscription... Lame-o
Good Lamb Shawerma , friendly staff
This was a favorite of our years ago. Now that we are back in the neighborhood this will be a favorite again. Pizza is delicious and I just had a calzone from Little Chicago for the first time - delicious.  The dough was buttery, golden brown and the inside was soft,  doughy and divine. Must try. And they deliver!!
Wow, Wow, Wow....The food, The Service, Impeccable.  Love this place and always make it  a point to stop in when in the area.  I am not typically a big fan of salads but this place has the most amazing salads.  Love this place.
The setting is awesome, the menu is solid. The service and quality were below expectations.
The food was good but the restaurant was filthy. The trash was overflowing and the bathrooms were filthy. There were plenty of employees but no one was keeping the place clean. We have been here a lot. I don't think we are going back. It makes me wonder how clean the whole restraint is.
Sonic's so good.. i always get the Streawberry slash sooo good it quitches ur thurst on a hot summer... awesome... u need to take ur family to sonic's!
Love the food worth the drive!  My first trip the owner help me order and you can't go wrong on this menu!  I'll be Back
I was in Charlotte for business and stumbled upon Not Just Coffee twice.  Both times my drinks were beyond phenomenal.  I had the caramel latte with almond milk and the vanilla brown sugar almond milk latte. They were perfect. Do not miss next time you are in the area.
Zen 32 is terrible. In every aspect. The sushi is fishy, it's too crowded, and the servers are rude/clueless/slow. \n\n'nuff said.
Had dinner at Sushi Samba for my birthday. A little on the pricey side and a little too dark and loud for me, but the food was great! I'd go back for the Chilean Sea Bass!!! I'm salivating just thinking about it! Their chocolate mousse dessert was great, too!
Best local Thai food hands down! I recommend Kung Pow with steamed tofu and additional pineapple.
I went with my family to breakfast at this diner. I ordered a veggie omelette it was very good. Basic diner. Nice atmosphere. Love the fact they had flavored creamer for my coffee. Coffee was so so.
I love Dutch Brothers now!! The espresso is so good and  The staff is so friendly and not just at this location all of them!
Definitely wasn't a fan of this casino.  Not very many people were playing at the tables or even the slots.  We walked in, walked around, and immediately left.  Nothing stood out to us to make us want to stay.
Love the shopping, food, drink and pulse. Hate the religious fanatics screaming on the corners with bullhorns or shoving jesus cards in your face.
Good service staff is friendly and they have very good knowledge of a variety of drinks. Awwsome place to visit if your a local or just passing by.
So good! I'd give Sophie's 5 stars except it's only open on weekends, is uncomfortably small & they only take cash. Their bake goods are amazing!
2.5  stars the food was blah nothing special but the ice cream was good. Definitely a dessert only place
Had a scoop of the Vietnamese coffee and toasted coconut. What I loved about the ice cream was how powerful the flavor was. Both were delicious. Glad I don't live close to this spot.
I have been here quite a few times now and always find the food fresh and great tasting. Service is great and, given the portion size, cost is quite reasonable. Highly recommended!
The staff here is friendly.  I came here with a big group, 10 of us.  The male cashier was very patient and read back our order to confirm he got it correctly.  Impressive.
Apple store is an Apple store. Nice, clean, simple. I could spend my life savings here.
Another Groupon casualty!  I bought several Groupons for this location and used only one.  Then we went to go use another one the other day and *BAM* it's gone!  Another one bites the dust.\n\nReturn Factor - An obvious 0%.
Just read my tip, and realize the only reason to bring someone here is so they can see what happens when you have a great concept and NO IDEA how to execute properly.
Best pit BBQ
I would only get the chicken wings. Everything else is ok. The know how to do some wings.
Friendly, quick service even though place was busy.  Cute interior. \nI ordered the Shinobi Nut and thought it was too sweet.  I liked the texture of the sweetened condensed milk over the ice, but it would have been better if I paired it with something a little tart.
Very nice setting.  Oven seems at the right temp but you can't fault them for the flour available. For Phoenix this is an excellent option for true pizza neapolitana.
Excellent food. Great servive. Full flavor without over seasoning. They have a good Groupon deal. Price is a bit deep, but it is worth it.
This place is awesome. Lots of flavor, cooked with care. The taco plates are huge and priced really well (like $6 or something close). Great service.  The signature tort a will put you to sleep, but it is really good too.  I think this place has way more flavor than the other torta shops I have tried.
Place gets extremely loud, but what do you expect at Texas Roadhouse. The food is generally better than your typical run of the mill city steakhouse. Their rolls/cinnamon butter has to be one of the best in the city. You can never go wrong with their baby back ribs, prime rib or rib eye steak.
Johnny B was our waiter and he was great!!!  Same for the manager.  Had a great time with great service!!!!
Order 95 ten signature drink. We loved this place. It was super cozy and the happy hour was great. Our waiter was super sweet and attentive. We will deffinatly be back
Guy behind counter seemed to be texting when we walked in and a bit bothered that we said we had not been before whats good?  I just walked out I dont have time for bad attitudes.  My husband walked out with a green tea.  It was green tea.
Great service but food was like from a camping trip - powdered eggs, microwaved sausage patty, and Eggo waffles - no lie!
They used to have high pressure sales that is. Jo longer the case here .. It's peaceful friendly and kick back
whenever i was in town, i would go see Sandra. she does a splendid job! now, i have to go elsewhere because she is no longer working there.
Tatiana is the best! She takes her time and does a great job on a Brazilian Blowout! Great hair care that lasts for months!
Food was bad, service was bad. Definitely not best pizza like they advertise. Pasta was Terrible! Don't order the fettucini!
Great bartenders! Food is surprisingly good for bar food. Always enjoy my time there. A good neighborhood bar.
I ate steak and eggs. $3.99\n\nBe sure to ask for butter on the side if you're careful about your heart.
Very special fried chicken.
Food was decent. The portions are pretty large. I was not impressed since my order was wrong, my husband finished his good and that was exactly when mine came back. I wish the service would of been better!
I was under-impressed.  Stay far away from the calamari which came as a lump of fried mass of chewy something.
Awesome tasting pizza!
Small cozy place. It was busy when I came (maybe because it was lunch time). The waiting wasn't that bad, even the waitress skipped me twice since I was dining alone :(  everything was fast and nice. Love the food here :) will come back if I have chance
I love this place. First place I got to really try the real SNOW FLUFF, those the thickness of the snow fluff are inconsistent; they are still delicious! The owner is a lilmama ;) and she's and the staff were really nice and helpful; the fresh sugarcane drink is bomb as well!
Nice hotel love the location. The casino is great not too much hustle and bustle. Clean rooms and for being platinum members we got a nice view.
Used to use all the time. I travel weekly for work and sometimes a car service is easier. Tonight is the 5th reservation that was screwed up in my household. I am done w them. Never again. Late pick ups, rude drivers, early pick ups at 5am w drivers threatening to leave on voicemail.
The chicken ceaser pizza was the best that I've ever had. And for the brothers that love sammiches, have the \"smokin joe\" you will see why later. And the owners are some of the coolest people I've ever met can't wait to go back!
The girls here are easy, the venue is dirty and this is not where you want to go when you are in Las Vegas. It was not appealing. Dont expect any of your needs to be met here. Unless you are a dirty bastard.
This location is hit or miss.. Unfortunately it's usually a miss. There's not much to eat in this area.
Not bad, not great.  Wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.  They have the resources to make a GREAT breakfast joint, but they aren't doing it.
Got me some pho, and it came with a standard metal spoon and didn't come with any cilanto or mint leaves. Service was less than exceptional. However, the Japanese Dancing with the Stars knockoff on TV was pretty entertaining.
Love this place!! Better dog food and treats for your pets! \nThey have chickens too! and a cool big turtle who walks around the store! \nThe staff is very friendly and helpfull.\nNow I know where the dog park is across the st too! I love going to both.
Awesome second hand store! Great selection and prices! The owner Mariam is wonderful and very helpful.  A great place to both sell and purchase quality used items.
This the the most expensive Chinese breakfast restaurant. We have 4 people and we spend about $70 dollars. I was shocked when I see the check. We only ordered about 5 small things including milk and Chinese donuts and the Chinese small steam dumplings which they are already dried inside without any juices and so tasteless.
No very busy since it's on the corner of the world
Loved the service & all the quality sushi, appetizer! I can't remember everything I ordered but I highly suggest picking random things!! Be adventurous :)
Worse sweet (especially ladu) I have ever tasted and the customer service is horrible.. DISAPPONTING
I had the Fuku Burger. The sauce was quite tasty,but a little too much salt on the burger.\nThe garlic fries were so-so; not much difference from regular fries
The menu is overwhelmingly long and their food is pretty tasty.  There are options for vegans, vegetarians, and any other dietary restriction you can think of. I wouldn't protest another visit.
Never again - cc before you can get a glass of wine - been ging there since there opened  - no table or any service for that matter - waste of time
Wow!  Loved it. Tuna nachos. Sweet potato soup and Mesa burger made for a wonderful lunch. My wife and I left very happy!!! Thanks Mesa grill.
Prima's pizza is decently priced, but it is so bland and GREASY!  I would rather buy something from the grocery store if I just wanted some cheap pizza.
The breakfast tacos & breakfast pizza were a little overdone. The last two times the service wasn't all that great. Because it's close to home we usually run into somebody we know. Makes the waiting a little more tolerable.
Owner was cool. They had a humidor. Good stuff! Fine cigars! Late night tip. Great spot found on my yelp app.
Dry, bland, overcooked, soggy with weird service. For the same price, just go eat dinner somewhere close by. P-Ho has a lot to offer: Cheeseburger in Paradise, PBR, Planet Dailies, Bugr to name a few.
What's not to love about Louis V??? Always go here to see the seasons newest and best! I'm in love with red! When not in Paris ... Scottsdale will have to do! Love my LV!
$6 pitcher of modelo- cheap for vegas\n$14 chicken enchiladas - They were good. It was a ton of food!\n$9 queso fresco dip- dont even bother it was terrible\nThe service was awful
These place is OK with me. \nNo frills... just QUICK Chinese food.\nGreat Ice Tea (oddly enough)
go.   \n\n\n\n\n\nwow
Pretty Good Food but Service was pretty bad.\n\nTook us walking up to pay check after waiting 30 minutes to get waitress attention which she never came back.\n\nDo it again, yes but would make sure they know my issue when I order.
a new found fav of mine... try something different
I had a new unit installed and have had nothing but problems with there \npoor workmanship. Eventually I had to a get a lot of it redone by a professional.
A great place for kids.  The Adventuredome is fun and has a few rides and carnival games.  The rooms are decent for rest.  Can't beat the prices.  It has seen it's better days though.
Overpriced and service is not friendly. You can buy cheaper indian groceries at Lee Lee's Oriental Market.
Stepping into Red Thai was a most pleasant transition to upbeat, delightfull, Fabulous food and ambience.  I'll be back.
Absolutely delish! Mahi-Mahi fish sandwich done \"south of the border\" style is a must try! Coleslaw is great, everything is really fresh! Good kids menu as well with non-fish choices for them if needed. Can't wait to go back!!
I love Gina's bistro. I have been there about 5 times now and I consider it to be my go to Italian restaurant for date night. The service and food is always wonderful.
They're good on all the standards. Coffee is fresh and affordable. No frills here, but it's a cute place that's dependable and inviting. I'm admittedly a bit of an eco geek, so I get a kick out of the fact that they use biodegradable plastics, too!
The tech half painted my nails and butchered my eye brows. I will be spending my money somewhere else next time.
Visited during lunch, so so meal. Chickrn was alittle dry but fresh veggies/rice was perfect. Annoyed with bird flying around inside restaurant as you ate. Please remove has to be sanitary issue.
Good drink selection with some interesting cocktails and was pretty empty when I was there in the afternoon. I didn't try any food but it looked pretty good.
What a horrible experience.  I honestly do not know what to say.  My guests and I tried several different appetizers and entrees...all of the were inedible.  I went to Regions with moderate expectations.  I would not send my worst enemy here!!
Love nolans! Too bad selwyn shopping center has bad parking because this place is awesome but thinking about the parking keeps me away.
Great selection of beers. A little overpriced and really just mediocre.
Rittes is a classic old style diner in the Shadyside neighborhood of Pittsburgh.  It has great diner food and of course great breakfast.\n\nIt has been a well know sober-up place for years.
Fairly typical chain grocery store. Although I have my reasons for liking them:\n\n1) Discounted Kennywood Tickets\n2) Good selection of Pittsburgh Specific food (i.e. Isaley's Chipped ham, etc.)\n3) Cheaper than a whole foods/wawa
love this place.
Really tasty!  I loved the sauce.  We didn't call our order in so we had quite a long wait while it baked but it was worth it.  We learned our lesson, call it in and pick up a great pizza!
This is the PIE you've been looking for. There are many places that advertise Chicago pizza. This is the only place that delivers. Worth the trip.
Excellent fixture in downtown Champaign. Great selections of indie films.
The Beckman Cafe is notable among University of Illinois lunch counters --and probably lunch counters the world over-- for having the friendliest lunch ladies around.\n\nGreek Salad day is a winner:  sometimes it's all that gets me through my 65 hour long grad student work week.
I used my voucher on the first day we got there and the food was ok.  I didn't have anything that made we want to go back for seconds.
I had heard raves about this restaurant so brought 3 guests for dinner.  Food was just ok (the 22 oz  rib eye steak was 50% fat and bones and was undercooked; scallops just ok; frites and vegies barely warm).  Our waitress was very good which compensated a bit for the food.
Not the greatest little spot in the world. The food was eh. The service was lousy. My husband asked a question and the waitress was very rude and rose her voice with him. It wasn't necessary and my husband was not being rude so why did she do that?
Recent AZ transplant, so I dont know many people. A great casual hang out. JOY hands down is one of the best, fun, and most personable bartenders ive encountered,  which as a service industry vet, I dont hand out that kinda praise lightly. ..
Tr\u00e8s bon rapport qualit\u00e9\\prix!!
Fabulous good, great customer service and to top it off the price is fantastic.. You all must try everything.... Desserts are flipping yummy
I recommend this restaurant if you have time to sit down an enjoy good Japanese food..! It is just a great atmosphere and they take the time to prepare it very well...! Top Notch!
Had a craving for a donut stop by Winchell's again.  While I've had better donuts every once in awhile I get cravin these donuts.  As usual the attendee had a big smile spoke broken English and delivered me at 14 delicious donuts.
Food average, service average, wine price 3x retail store, I believe in under promise and over deliver. Napa gives below expectations. 1/2 of our group said they won 't last 3 months. Nuff said.
Four Aussies singing Motown hits.  And they're very good.  And they've got Smokey Robinson as their mentor.\n\nA must see if you're looking for a good show in Vegas.  Located in the Imperial Palace casino.
Decent price, decent food--excellent service.
Three chill dog and fries, with drinks comes out to fifty dollars. Fries were bland, the chill had no flavor. Regular bun and hot dog if was for the industrial era.  Service was petty slow. Drink were cheeper at the stalls next to Nathan's.
Excellent casual business lunches - salads, sandwiches - always freshly prepared and consistent quality.  Family owned.
The buffet does not offer varieties of red and white meat \nAnd still is buffet quality for that expensive price\nIt is not worth of what you pay\nDessert selection and appetizers are ok but \nNot good main dishes\nVery expensive
This place is amazing! Every time I go I am welcomed with a smile and my hair comes out looking great. This is such a inviting place with great conversation, and the vintage side is great I actually got my new record player here and the vinyl selection is cool!
If I could give this hotel negative stars, I would.\n\nDingy, cobwebs, ROACHES, horrible bed.  \n\nDon't stay here.
The food is pretty good, but the service is always slow. As a Vegas local we come here often, but for the price, the service could be ALOT better.
Holy cow was I full after I left there.  Service was fast, prices were good and the sandwich was HUGE. hehe.
I frequent Spokes about once a week with a group of friends. The place is great. Food is tasty. Staff is friendly. My only complaint is about the water. The water is terrible. It has a dirty taste to it. Their tea and lemonade also tastes that way. Everything else is good here.
If I could rate it 0 stars I would !! Super lame !! My wife even walked out!! Ticket prices were way ridiculous especially for a HS level play ( that may be too much credit ) not to mention the theater it was in was low end !!
Very nice new hotel is Chandler we decided to stay here because we had our puppy lola and allot of the other hotels would not allow dogs.. The staff here is very friendly and jumped at the chance if we needed anything... My only complaint was that we had to keep asking for towels..
Went tonight with some coworkers to get piercings on a spur of the moment kind of thing (meaning sitting in a bar and making hasty decisions!). Staff here is super friendly and super helpful! Such a great experience. After speaking to one of the tattoo artists there, I'll definitely be back for more work.
The most disgusting shepherds pie on the planet! Service sucked, prices were ridiculous drinks were watered-down. Who's  running this place? Will never be returning!
Food is very good although it can be a little oily at times.  We typically get wonton egg drop soup, a spicy chicken dish, fried rice and vegetable chow fun--all are very good.   They are fast for both pick up and delivery. The food is always hot and the payment process is very efficient!
One of my favorite happy hour places! 1/2 off cocktails, appetizers, and pizzas! Great servers and great food and laid back atmosphere! Only thing is they have a dead zone in the restaurant! But you can bring kids and still get happy hour! Woohoo!
Worst ever sushi place in Las Vegas and I been to a lot of them. Will never come back to this place ever. Food and service sucks b....ls.
The best Pho in the valley!!! And there may be better Pho out there  but I have not had it so as far as I an concerned it's the best Pho on the planet!!! And the spring roles are good too! :)
Jimmy John's is the best.  The bread is always super fresh and chewy. The have super fast service and delivery. And I mean SUPER fast.  My sandwich was ready before I was done ordering.  Definitely go there.
Ate here shortly after they first opened and then a few months later, same experience both times.  Took forever to get average food even forgot some of the order.  I can easily find better at their prices.
If I lived in Scottsdale I'd be here every week. I love the eclectic mix of wines and the food is really very good. Great mix of things! Fried pickles, calamari, bison burgers top my list.
Since my original review the location has been renovated to accommodate more people and has been modernized. \n\nAlthough to me it has lost the charm that the smaller locale had, the food is the same great tasting chicken and waffles, grits, catfish, etc. and wait staff is nice and attentive.
Great food, good prices, nice environment.\nI had the vegetarian Pho and loved it, my father really likes the place too,\nI recommend it to anyone, you wont be disappointed :)
Pretty good little lunch spot.  Food is simple, fresh, and flavorful.  Nice change of scenery after spending so much time in the hospital.
Best place to work and they have belly dancers.
My wife and I love So-Cal Fish Tacos! We ate there three times in one week a few months back! The cod tacos are the best but you really can't go wrong with anything on their menu and we have tried most of it! Make sure and get the ice cream cookie sandwiches if they have them in stock!
It looks cool in the reviews but the over look is very cafeie, the drink are nice but unless its happy hour they are over priced for a mimosas and some wines, the food is worth it not bad considering the area caters to tourist and the \"Ogden\" residents
If you like your sauce sweet - I mean SUGAR sweet then this is the place for you. It does remind me of some Chicago pizzas I had as a kid - Just don't care much for the suagr sauce anymore...to each their own...
The service was friendly and quick. It was a Sunday afternoon so it wasn't crowded about 4 other tables. Waitress was polite and efficient. We tried 3 sushi rolls; dragon, rattlesnake and rainbow roll. All fresh but a little too much sauce for my liking. A decent price but no bargain.
Definitely nothing to write home about....my short rib was dry and tasteless...staff better than the food...underwhelming and expensive
Meh. Service was ok, the beer wasnt super cold, and the food was just ok. I have had worse, but I have also had better from Yard House.\n\nNote: Tons of beer on tap! If you like beer this is your place!
Went to Koi at Planet Hollywood for dinner and ordered the Kobe beef and crusted rice special. It was delicious but was not filling. Also got the cucumber martini which was quite good. Be ready to spend because nothing is cheap here and portions are small, but quality is on point.
Absolutely loved this place. Popped in shortly before they were closing but the service was still great! Mega friendly staff, huge range of choices on there menu and lots of vegetarian options! Not to mention a cute, trendy looking place!
They make great vegetarian Thai food - they do tofu right!
Had my best sessions playing 2/5 and 5/10 NL back in 2010.  Comfortable seats and mostly friendly dealers.  Tons of fish roaming during really busy convention weekends that usually have few hundred bucks to blow.  The drunk players coming upstairs from TAO are the easy targets.  Added bonus is they offer Fiji bottled water.
I was expecting something else. .. I feel like they serve the meat like if people were dogs. On a piece of paper.. really? !? Will never come here again.
I went on a busy day. The aisles are too small. The bakery was extremely small for it being a schnucks. I did like their selection of yogurts. Everyone was over there when I was trying to look for some yogurt. Prices are a bit high to my dismay, but their parking lot is always full.
Get the tacos! They are awesoooome!
We were literally in light one hour ago and when we left to meet a group of friends that couldn't get in. They wouldn't let us in. Worst case of customer service. I would rather walk up and down the stairs of Hakkasan a thousand times before going back in light.
We wrote Linda an email about 2 weeks ago explaining we are switching all of our insurance to someone else beginning the 23rd of November (we got the exact same homeowners insurance at Allstate for almost $200 less dollars) and how we felt and she, or someone else in her office, never even replied.
Best shave ice in Las Vegas by far! Brings me closer to the memories of shave ice from Hawaii. It's the shizzzzznits!
Cosmopolitan is the one of the nicest COOL hotel. The chandelier is beautiful that spreads throughout the 4 floors (3.5 floors). It's a must visit. We were there when the ice skating link was present with live DJ music where the pool is in wintertime. Cool stuff
The service is super slow....I was waiting for at least 20 minutes for the good to come out. Waitresses are also very slow, so I had to wait for quite a bit to pay my bill which was frustrating..\nThe prices and food are okay, though
First timers and the food is amazing and so is the service. We had the Falafel and Lamb Roast Gyros, they were amazing. Highly recommend.
The experience is fun, nice for kids to play outside by picnic tables.  The food just does not impress me at all.  It is edible and tastes okay but there is no wow factor at all.  I think we watch the food channel too much and I am hoping for a really amazing BBQ experience.
Excellent, professional and  prompt service.
Best Vets and staff in town!!!!
omg this place is a joke ... so giving blush a second shot was a big waste of time ...  this pretty much sums it up power tripin security guards ... stupid chairs that stick out into the isle way which they call a dance floor ... blah
Tao is the best place in Vegas ! The flavors are unmatched ! Every single dish we ordered from the hamachi with truffle sauce to the biggest fortune cookie and banana pudding was amazing. Hands down the best place to eat in Vegas
How i loved my boba!  They make a great almond milk tea and are pretty cheap!  \n\nclean facility, ample seating, and even outdoor available seating for low humidity nights.  \n\nThey have available punch cards...I believe, buy 8, get one free
Turkish coffee!!  Drink so much.  \nThick as dirty motor oil and the fine grounds in the bottom are like chewing on sand. I Love it.\nThe food is also really good.
Don't believe the Hype - tad better than other buffet and not worth the wait and $$$. Go somewhere else, food is NOT fresh and yuck, yuck, yuck
Their coffee is one of the best places I've been to but they made me wait 30 minutes for mine. They should have given me a heads before I bought it.
I didn't drink , But my friend had a margarita and he enjoyed it.
Seriously? Shut up. This place blows. Wouldn't last 4 minutes in NY. I'll bet the Vegas store doesn't last either.  This place insults the pizza.
This place is freakin' awesome!!  I have been to Vegas eight times and this last time was my first time at Moorea, and it was the best time I ever had in Vega$!!
These classes have really been great! Our young golden doodle was totally out of control but the commands they teach have brought him under control. Buster has become a joy to have around.
This is a cool little shipping store. It's kinda cluttered with tons of shipping supplies, lots of mail supplies, but everything you might need. I like it!
I really wanted to give this place one star (it'd be a lie) just to keep people from wanting to come here, that way I'd have it all to myself.  This place is truly a gem.  Food was interesting and delicious.  Service was impeccable.  Good job virtu!
I like how you can buy assorted tamales by the dozen.
Who the hell runs out if meatballs? Are meatballs a hot menu item. I bet subway doesn't run out of meatballs! Now I go to spinatos! Why do restaurants always mess with me?
The closest u can get here for an authentic italian pizza... Be aware u may not like it if u think u r getting lot of cheese of ingredients... But that is the italian way
best BBQ I have had in my life!!!!!!! i have tried everything on the menu and I loved it all.....and gained 10 pounds
They redecorated the place and it has a fresh new vibe! Still recommend Le or Anna for fills. Pedicure girls are all pretty good. New Greek restaurant next door is yummy!
We have have been here a few times, both service and food has been great. the rolls are always fresh and the smoked salmon is awesome. We have enjoyed everything that we have tried so far.
Always on a wait. Always waiting on an ardent server to take your order. Always has delicious gingerbread pancakes and gladiator burgers. Always greeted by one of the friendliest owners in oldtown.
Fares keep going up. Another service cut this month. I think I'd rather walk to work in the middle of the night!
A little disappointed at the amount of stuff to do, but still fun.
the food was really tasty, good service, got seated right away. The fries are really good.
Get the Malaysian fried rice. Unbelievable. If you're into sushi, I recommend the panther roll. Curries are very good too.   Sometimes the service has been off a bit, but the food is excellent.
Love this store! Always clean,. Always fresh items. Very friendly staff. Hardly any waiting for check out. Absolutely love this store. Has much better variety than other stores in the area. Worth the drive if you live in south central Phoenix. Love love love this store!
superb service, typical boiling crab awesome food (exactly like the LA branches) and all I can say is I wish they had a boiling crab in DC!!!!!!!!!!!
My favorite music venue in the valley!
Pretty good place, and the price is good for all that you get. The staff is friendly and it is very relaxed.
The ambiance was in the bar was fun and I wished we had hung there and skipped the show entirely.  The show was not well done at all.  Presented as a variety show, but it was more like amateur hour.  The acts and the hosting were not impressive at all.  Don't spend that much money for a show like this!
Best Mexican in Charlotte! Authentic and where all the locals eat. The restaurant is not in the best part of town, but do not be afraid the atmosphere is great. The staff is very welcoming and the food is delicious. Generous portions for the price. Ask for Abraham he is the bomb and is the best waiter!
Poor beer selection for a sports bar. No drink menu. Food is just so-so. Would easily say the food is not up to emerils standard. Worse than your typical bar food.
Could not stop laughing. Sister and I were literally in tears. Hate the tropicana. It's so dirty and way too bright. But I loved the experience of the laugh factory!
Watch the signs for rental car return it is a little confusing.Took me 40 minutes to get from Hyatt place airport to rental car returns.
Ruby Tuesdays used to be fun. What happened? It seems quality has gone down, portion size have got smaller. 8 dollars for 4 small chicken strips. I can get more at a fast good place with sides for cheaper. Overall it could be better.
Review of Buffet:\n\nUGH!  It was very very underwhelming. \n\nMaybe regular menu is great, but do not get the buffet IMHO.  About half the restaurant was eating the buffet... unfortunately I was in the idiot half of the crowd.
Yep... I guess I am destined to punish myself.  I decided to give it one more try.  Mr. Prick was at the door.  I didn't even bother trying to go in.  Ever thought of having attractive people at the door?  And polite!  That would be just fantastic!  And Fabulous even!
I was really craving some goat on the hunt for this spot today only to swing by and find out... dun dUN DUN! Aww damn, its closed! Sad to hear another specialty spot become another casualty of our dismal economy. RIP!
Decent.  A good basic meal with an attempt to be creative but falls short.  Clean inside but lacks personality.  First time I've been here, but I believe it is either a chain or franchise.  Had a utilitarian feeling.
In my extensive bagel-eating career, I can say without question that the best one can be found here.
Im there 2 or 3 times a week and my office always picks up bagels from Bagel Nosh for our client meetings. My favorites are the Tomato Basil bagel or the Cinnamon Sugar bagel.
Ok we came back only to find that everything we ordered was no longer available! No bourbon wings, no onion strings no chicken strips. 3 strikes you're out.
Decent fish. Online menu is vague. Mac and cheese is awesome but small portions. Biggest complaint is drive thru window...beyond slow, give yourself 30 minutes
I haven't been here in a few years. It was so refreshing to order at the drive-thru and actually have the person on the other end, hear me and I could hear her very clearly! Friendly service, and the kids were satisfied with their food. I'll be going back !
Horrible Service. Period. Finished my beer before ever getting the waitress to take our food order as she was flirting with customers at the bar. Stay Away.
This place was just OK. Nothing to rave home about. I didn't think it was any worse or any better than other froyo places I have been to.
Good selection. Enjoyed walking around here while the rest of our group was off golfing.
I've been eating here for years and this place rocks! Great food, prices, and staff. Fast service and classic old Vegas atmosphere.
went their sat nite with 11 people. Steak was tasteless. Food was just fare. overpriced. servive was good though but unfortunately you cannot eat service. Never go back. We stayed at ballagio though.
dont come here unless u love watching pissed off people serve u food. Got carne asada fries and the bit** with the mustache on the deep fryer was pissed because i asked for ketchup... seems like she and the guy working are bro and sis...
Had a wash on the 18th where they punctured the tire on my Lexus. 10 days and still waiting for a check from corporate as they can reimburse from the store. Not good enough and will not go back.
Yaaay for crust! Delicious rustica, great spinach & strawberry salad, & always top notch service. Love this place!
Went there tonight and ordered the Principe, Bufala and Marguerita pizzas, mulo Siciliano drinks and for dessert, tiramisu and semifreddo. All were delicious!  Luca, our sommelier, was charming and very helpful assisting us with our food selections. New favorite pizza place.
For what it is, it's fine.  It is birthday party hell all the time.  But I'm not a fan of kids parties and unsupervised children running my kid over.
Excellent place to unwind in hectic downtown!
Great service, very friendly and reasonable prices. I've been here 3 times and they are consistently great.
Very rude people.  My son picked up a snow globe which then broke in his hand. The assistant manager then asked to pay and refused to write an incident report.  Didn't care that we had glass on him.
Don't bother. Unless you enjoy eating large balls of rice with tiny fish on top. I get that rice is the way all you eat sushi can make a profit but this place takes it to the extreme. We came on a Saturday and the place was dead. There is a reason why.
The worst experience I've ever had in Las Vegas not clean elevator keeps sucking no signs to help people this is the real worst experience for me I've been going to Vegas a lot every time I visit a new hotel and casino to see which one is the best so far I will never come back here I don't recommend this place
This service really sucks. Reservations are not honored even if prepaid. Only highly \"upgraded\" cars are available. \nAs I sit here four over an hour I know I will NEVER use hertz again.
Yum!  Good atmosphere.  Fair prices.  Clean cut employees.
I've eaten here twice and just honestly not a fan.  The staff is friendly, a little on the slow side however.  The food isn't my favorite either and they don't have some of the traditional dishes I enjoy.
Price is worth it.  Sweet pork nachos were tasty.  Need to go back and try more on their menu.
I just don't get it.  The food is terrible and way overpriced.
Good beer selection. Kind of pricey. The food is descent. I like just going here for a quick bite! :)
Another amazing meal. Pork and steak dishes are fantastic.  As usual, pho didn't disappoint. Great food with reasonable prices.
This place is awful! Barbecue and beer are great together this is definitely not the place for it. Horrible customer service,  I love Lynyrd Skynyrd's music and will continue to listen,however, as far as for food...I think not!
3 Words!  Fantastic relaxation experience.  Used the Yelp Promotion and did the 75 min foot reflexology and Ion Detox.  Not only did they do my feet and legs, but I also got a shoulder and back-rub.  They offer you a nice herbal tea or water.  I would highly recommend this place if you like strong foot reflexology.
Amazing chicken pita and feta salad. Great good, great service, clean and very friendly spot & reasonable prices. Will definitely become a regular here.
Delicious Cuban pastries, yummy breakfast omelets and affordable prices.  Ain't nothing like this in Texas. Great off the strip cafe,  you all go check it out!
For the price, the portions are pretty decent, however after watching the chef make a few orders its clear that most of the crepes' fillings are pre-made and stored in large containers. Its probably not a big deal, considering this is basically an Americanized fast food version of a classic French staple. What do you expect?
I love this place. The breakfast special is 2.99 and it is amazing. Eggs any style - great potatoes and a biscuit covered in sausage gravy. YUM !!! You just can't beat breakfast for two at only $10 !
Fish tacos were the bomb! Crispy and breaded, a nice cabbage slaw, ancho sauce all wrapped in a warm flour tortilla.  \n\nPortions were huge, 3 of those tacos will fill you up!  \n\nCool little hang out just to relax on a lunch break.
Small menu selection but the food is great!! It's a MUST the next time you crave sushi!!
I noticed the quality fo food going down.  It's one thing to reduce food costs, it's another thing to try to pass something off as something its not.  Canadian bacon is not prosciutto. The prices use to be worth what you got but not any more.
I got a pedicure here. Not bad, they were pretty thorough. But two days later both of my big toes were infected and oozing pus where she trimmed my toenails on the sides (which was weird anyway). I hate to rate a local shop down, but man my toes hurt.
Thorps is cool, I like the atmosphere of the place.  \n\nThanks for the haircut, Tara!! Love it!!
The food was cold and just plain bad. The restaurant doesn't respect its food. If your lucky you'll get a warm meal. The place itself looks nice and for that reason it should only be a large bar.
Pretty nice theater. Love the rewards program! We usually get either a free movie ticket or small drink or popcorn. Not the biggest place but close and clean when you show up. Wish they carried all the \"big\" movies right away and not the other one or two a week later
The concept of eating in the dark is really cool, but the food is pretty average. Nothing to go crazy about.
Service very friendly. Food mediocre to poor. The chicken chimi had roasted mushy chicken mixed with a mushroom cream sauce in a weird deep fried batter and rotten tasting guacamole on top. We left our dinner on the plate.
BEST PLACE EVER! Want to purchase all of my cakes from here.
I've only visited this thrift store once, but it's really quite nice. The prices are much higher than others in the area, but it seems a bit more selective in what it offers. I do plan to return.
Lady working there was rude and lacked knowledge of her products.
This place is amazing great service and \"BEST\" quality of foods. I do not usually give five stars but this place is amazing.  DEFINITELY come here if you are looking for entertainment + quality.
I love the Bison wrap.  The jicama fries are okay; I like mine with a little honey or barbeque sauce.
As others have written, this is not a jewish deli, it's just a restaurant in a casino that calls itself a deli.\n\nSo either avoid or lower your expectations.  Personally, I'll avoid in the future.
Love this place the chicken and waffles rock!!!!
Best soul food in Charlotte. Other than the clogged arteries, nothing to complain about. The cornbread is amazing by the way, probably the most memorable part of my meal.
Yummy..:-) love everything we have tried.
A little pricey but not bad. Had the steak and cheese. More salad than meat.
Fun place to hang out with kids and family. The employees are helpful and nice. Sometimes they have special pricing through City of Gilbert, Groupon or living social. One of our favorite activities in summer!!
Great ambiance, decor, service and food. The Oreo dessert is to die for! Ryan was super helpful and made us feel like VIP. Definitely worth making it on your to do list for when visiting Vegas
I like to shop there but what ever u do, do not buy anything that is soup, kimchi I have been finding rocks even fishing line in fresh kimchi I have complained about it but almost every time I purchase soup, kimchi or gim bab I find my self chewing on rock.
Great coffee and service. While I usually wait in a long line of cars, their coffee is worth the wait. When you get to the pick up window, you're greeted by a wave of intoxicatingly addictive energy from the employees who are suuuuper nice. Come here and get some energy!
Found my new barber and they even do flat tops. Old school my friends.
In-N-Out NEVER Disappoints. 5 stars all the way!!! =)
Schrecklich. Selten so schlecht gegessen. Die Schnitzel, ich wei\u00df nicht was das wirklich war!
Lo mein has a very weird taste.  Not sure why but  pretty sure I dont want to know. Crispy chicken is not crispy.  Breading is excessive and leads to a rubbery consistency.  Not coming back.  Sorry, but third time was not a charm.
If you have never dined here it is a must at least once. The pizzas are excellent and the salads are very good. But you must top off with a pazooki .
Best indoor shooting range in LV. They got hundreds firearms for pickups. Well custom service and fine shooting environments also!
I think that this is the best breakfast place in all of the Phoenix area.\n\nI had the steak and eggs cooked to perfection.  The wife had the bacon and mushroom omelette. And she had the sweet potato hash both were excellent.\n\nGreat coffee too.
Excellent !  Le d\u00e9cor, la bouffe, le personnel ...
This a little hole in the wall in a strip mall. The restaurant is a little funky dive I wouldn't dine in. The dish I get is tasty. I have only had one item and I dearly love it the Lemongrass chicken it is delicious! \n\nI always get mine togo.
I saw a COCKAROACH wondering around in the food bar. I told one of the employees and they simply killed it as if it was something normal. I can't imagine what the back must be like! GROSS!
This guy was very up front and honest about everything we talked about. In addition to that you can't beat his prices. If you need a gun and he has it, save your time searching for anything better. \n\nBrandi Blake
Decent cafe food for fare prices. It's nothing to rave about but it will fill you up.\n\nIt has updated beautiful decor and food is basic cafeteria food. I've had good steaks made to perfection but fish and chips sux. No flavor.
I like Smith's a lot but this particular location is one of the best ones. They have good amount cash registers open. They have better rotisserie chicken than most stores.  There is also a gas station that is very reasonable and you can use your points. Solid 4.
I had the fish and chips, dry and even the fries weren't good. My wife had the fish tacos,  very disappointing!\nDesert wasn't great ether, we live locally,  but won't be back :(
Village Pub is great! Very friendly staff, tasty bar food and great variety for a good price! This location also has a lot of TVs so you can watch multiple games at once. We wanted to watch a hockey game and the bartender was very nice and searched every channel to find it.\n\nThumbs up to village pub!
Ashwaghanda!! Love it!
Meh. Won't go back. There are many other restaurants nearby around the same price point, much better tasting and with friendlier service.
Closed :(\n\nToo bad too. The pizza was awesome but the customer service was horrible.
Good atmosphere, greasy cupcakes. Good coffee, crappy customer service.
Awesome !! My new favorite place !! Best salads in town and the owner was great !! Will be back this week !!
The place smelled like a sewer. Enough methane gas to make you sick. Pizza was tasty I will give you that,good sauce cheese & crust. But the smell and the attitude of the bald Asian guy wont be bringing me back!\nReally sad when you hope for something good in your neighborhood.
Sam fox restaurants are the best! Food here is pricey so when I do go it's a treat to myself! To die for....Sam Fox your rich as ever come down a little on prices! It's fast casual not fine dining!
No mas pollo.\nWent to this Chuy's location for lunch today and it is closed.\n\nNote on the door regarding Landlords rights.\n\nNever was a really happening location.  Not sure what the other stores are up to, but this location is done.
Pizza was not what I expected could have made at home with kit from store for less.  Pizza had no toppings and was greesey. When is phoenix going to get a pizza place that its afforadable and quality.
My wife is from Peru and she introduced me to the delicious cuisine of her country.  Over the years, I have tried Peruvian food around the Valley, and around the world, including Lima.  The food at Tumi is very good and is the best we have had in the Phoenix area.  Highly recommended!
I went there on my birthday and they were great! I got a discount and free foot scrub since it was my birthday. Will definitely go back next time I am in Vegas!
This is NOT A SAFE HOTEL to stay in... LOCK YOUR CAR and leave nothing of value in your car ... and the dank ugly rooms and hallways smell badly.
I've had a few issues over the years and Desert Sun PT has always come through. Brian and Holly run the place and are spot on with analysis/treatment. Super nice people as a side note as well. I am very glad I discovered Desert Sun PT!
Love this place and the staff! They are very knowledgeable when it comes to their products!
The food here is delicious, flavorful and colorful. This nice Indian buffet on the corner of Valley View and Sahara costs $11.00, and it's worth it. The restaurant has a nice elegant setting as well.
This review is for the Bingo held at Gold Coast.  \n\nThis was the fastest Bingo I've ever played in my life.  The numbers were called so fast, I had a headache by the time the session was over.  I prefer a more relaxed game of Bingo.
Really enjoyed this little place, especially the shrimp fried rice and scallion pancakes. Can't wait to go back and try the dumplings (they were out last time).  It seems to be a well kept secret that is getting out. By the time we left, there was quite a wait to sit.
A little more than Walmart for a synthetic oil change, but I'm willing to pay for great customer service. In and out in less than 20 minutes. Friendly people who didn't try to up sell anything. I'll be back.
Great outdoor and seating friendly staff
This place is awesome with a great happy hour AND they deliver not just food but BOOZE too :) Not sure why it's always dead.... My bf and I are literally the only people here right now. Come check out.
bacon and egg rolls.\n\nbrown sauce.\n\nyum.\n\n(as you can probably tell, i've yet to try a sandwich from here... )
Ordered twenty shrimps. Got nineteen shrimps instead!!! I am outrage. Green beans all over the floor. Bathrooms smell like the Axe body spray. I will never bring my pet parakeet here AGaain. UGH!!!
Not that authentic. Taqueria Guadalajara is much better tasting and has similar menu.
Quick review:\n\nWe ate at the sushi place inside and it was delicious! My boyfriend loves it here just because they offer crapless craps... I can safely say that we will probably stop by on our next trip.
GREAT Mexican joint! I always get the Baja Chicken Burro. Mmm!
The Mrs and I shared a turkey and pesto and we liked it. Better than the other stuff around. We got lucky as a group of people came in after us and still weren't served as we were leaving.
Great food, sandwiches, and customer service.
Travis was great! He was at our house within an hour after we called! Very friendly, good price & good work.
The donuts are at a whole new level (in the vacinity off heaven) than your regular donut shops. I had no idea donuts could be this good. Go early to get the best.
This was is our first time here (finding it on yelp) and it was definitely not a let down! Ambiance is romantic and cozy. Marco was our server and he was awesome. Very knowledgeable about all the dishes and have great recommendations! Def will return!
Good layout, friendly staff, and excellent waffle fries. The place didn't get jumping until almost midnight. The ratio of men to women was terrible, about 75/25 percent so if you're a single guy, be aware. Maybe I came on a bad night.
Dr John was great, he only does one thing really well adjustments.  Great job and affordable.  They dont take appointments just walk in and they are affordable with cash!!  Go here your back and wallet will thank you!
The coffee was just alright. The service was lame at best. The two people on shift kept talking to what I assume is another coworker who just stopped by to chat. I was the only customer and I guess I was an interruption. Going to McDonalds would be better then this place.
Skeptical of this place. Turned out to be okay though. Had the club melt and onion rings and they were pretty good. Onion rings were actually really good.
I'd give it a zero if I could. This place is weak as fuck. Mexican food? Please. I'd rather go to Taco Bell. There's a taco truck down the road that you're better off spending your money on.
I paid 20 Dollars for 2reg burgers 1Fry 1 drink. Though the staff was helpful and nice, My burger lacked thejuicy FlavorFi1 patty I had hoped For.
Just went here. I've been here about 4 times. And..this place is amazing. I get super excited and want to buy everything.\nThey have a tonn of things and its actually pretty cheap.\nLOVE this place.
Great food coupled with great draft beer -- can you ask for more?  St. B's 12 on tap -- are you kidding me?!  Wonderful service and great atmosphere.
Most of the times when I see both negative and positive feedback, I still want to try. So we did. We are checking out to spend 2nd night in the different hotel...\nWhen I say that my wife is pregnant, but you still give me smoking room with huge air conditioning unit under us / you are not listening to me.
Great little place! Coffee and atmosphere are both great for our little town with a big heart!!
It was okay. They had lychee jelly on their menu but they didn't have any in stock. Cute cafe atmosphere. Maybe next time ill try something else.
Loved it so the reviews that seem to be expecting something that it is not shouldnt have even stepped foot into here.  It was fun and tasty.
The food is eh. I ordered a cucumber salad, chicken shawarma pita and chicken kabob. The flavor was a 5/10. The chicken in both was extremely dry! The pita was dry and crispy. I wasn't a fan of any of it. I won't be back!
I had the spicy squid, really enjoyed! My brother in law had the three meat combo, great value. The food comes with three preselected sides. The sides are typical Korean, mostly pickled.
Pricey, as tends to be the case with French restaurants, but beautiful outside patio and wonderful food. Smaller portions, so don't plan on being a pig unless you want to pay through the nose!
Great Hawaiian/Local Food.  The Sweet Sour Spareribs is one of my favorites!
Expensive veal scallopini tasted like it was from the OLIVE GARDEN. The service was a little slow. Overpriced.   They need a menu do over
It is not delicious, but the service is good.
I like the pan fried dumplings and the hot and sour soup. The entree plates are huge and made to share. Staff is friendly and the drinks are good.
So disappointed!! The wings there are now BREADED! I'm from NY originally and wings are not supposed to be breaded. I really hope they change back to how they used to be or I will not be going there again. Extremely upset!
I will NEVER go there for Thursday Happy Hour again.  This used to be one of my favorite spots to meet up with friends.  From the staff that was difficult in working with a group of 10 to the rude patrons that keep coming up to us to get our table- total disappointment!!
Food and goods that appeal to my inner hippie at exorbitant prices that speak to my capitalist leanings.  An interesting juxtaposition that evidently works very well.  They do get a nod for supporting local growers, but if you truly prefer local go to AJ's.
The food was good but our waiter 'Lisa' was not there when we were seated. My wife and I had to ask the busboys who our waiter was. People were seated behind us got their drinks first.  We dined in on 8/2/13 @7pm in case management is wondering which Lisa was working.
Ugh.\nI used to like this place.\nBut I've gotten over it.\n\nI find the food to be uninspired, and below average.\n\nBlah.
Asian salad was crisp and nicely coated with dressing, Delicious basa fish with Parmesan crust, and the peanut pie - delicious and the addicting hot rolls.  All reasons to dine here.  The wait staff friendly and accommodating.  A very nice experience all around.
It's a beautiful shiny new casino. I want to give them minus 10 stars because I lost $15 on one hand of Black Jack, but I suppose that wasn't there fault. I still think it's beautiful and shiny and new in there.
I love Marriott. What a great place. The location is right off a freeway...101 North. Great restaurants, great ambiance. Close to a huge shopping center...Love it!
The food here was decent. Small portions with high prices. I would recommend eating something before hand.
I am new to Firehouse Subs and I can say I'll be going back there a lot for sure. Nice to have a hot sauce collection (won't find that at Subway or Quiznos). Also a nice touch having some flat screens for my viewing pleasure. Reminds me of hero places on the east coast.
Loved the scenic restaurant, right in the middle of the farm. My #1 spot for a weekend brunch.
Excellent food. Had cheese enchilada and beef taco, better or good as any sit down Mexican restaurant.  Nice people. I'd skip the nachos, like Taco Bell nachos but bigger. But everything else is great.
My Filet was good, but when I asked for onions cooked without butter (b/c of a dairy allergy) they said they couldn't do it.
FIVE STARS! Been going here forever and we absolutely love the food and even better...they have delivery!!!
Ok but small pub, no live band on a sat night?
Lily Barajas is an awesome manager!! Just remember it takes time for the great food!!
Smallest Japanese store ever.  A lot of teas, drinks, etc, but really not a lot of overall choice (very few veggies..)  Good for some snacks, noodles, and prepared food.  Friendly owner, but not worth a special trip from across town...
We went for restaurant week and had outstanding service, wonderful food, and reasonbale drink prices.  We really enjoyed beef tenderloin, smoked salmon quesadillas, and pecan pie.  My French Maritini with Grey Goose was awesome for $12.50!  It is a formal setting with low lighting for a nice romantic setting.
Yummy!! We love Nando's!! The pollo rico is amazing!
One of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix!   Great atmosphere and staff!   Great prime rib and chicken, especially!
Pants are not sorted to size, pants and shirts are mis-labeled for size. After spending 20 minutes finding the right size, we find a 20 minute line, one register open 10 people in line. If we weren't in a jam, we'd have left.
Great food, fun atmosphere, and the service is excellent! Great for a special occasion, just don't forget to come hungry.
Me and my husband used Free Vegas Club passes this past weekend and had a great time no trouble at all We went to Rehab Saturday and went to Tao that night,  Definitely gonna use it again when we go back to Vegass again Thanks Chris our Anniversary weekend was truly amazing             Sasha and Eric Hernandez
The sushi was so so, service was mediocre and the drink \"hello kitty martini\" is the furthest thing from a martini. Ultimately dissatisfied.
We had three entrees and unanimously agreed that if we gave it to our dogs; they'd no longer be our best friends.   The meat was overcooked and it was like Samurai Sam karate chopped my intestines.  Summary - Meh on its best day.
The supposed filled donuts are actually sunken in the middle because there is not enough filling. A smear does not qualify as being a filling. Their stock is always missing many if its donuts. The customer service is terrible. Go to Good Donuts on Gilbert and Guadalupe....so worth it and 5 star quality!
Lines out the door, the staff was sort of friendly. The patrons, not so much. Dirty is a nice way of describing the tables and chairs we sat at. I didn't want to put my kid in the one high chair they had because it was so sticky and gross.
Staff was very friendly. We were promptly checked in. An employee gave us a small tour while giving information of surrounding attractions. A big plus is the delicious popcorn they offer. Nice little snack! The hotel isn't in the heart if Scottsdale, but it isn't far.
THIS LOCATION IS NOW CLOSED.  Not that anyone was thinking of going there...
Good price, good food. Not GREAT, but definitely good.
Best food on the strip and you can't beat the price. Been here at least a dozen times and have always have had a great meal. Great vibe, the place buzzing like a true Parisian cafe.
Normal subway inside of the Orleans Casino. Standard breakfast sandwiches. Employees seemed a bit confused about the breakfast menu but overall I got what I wanted. No fresh made breakfast omelets like the Subway on the strip.
Late night happy hour pricing is great! Other then that a normal BIG sports bar. big out door patio for summer seating. Would be great for a birthday party or big gathering.
The pizza is to die for! I love the way the menu is set up, it really lets you feel creative. They also have really good apps. Plus an awesome beer selection. The speed of service from both front and back of house leaves a little to be desired, but its worth it.
overpriced and grocery carts are in the parking lot if you need one. I prefer a Sprouts, Safeway, or Frys.
This place WAS very good. I tried to go here yesterday, and there was a small sign in the door saying it has closed and will re-open as a Mexican restaurant. Alas.
If you are looking for good Asian authentic food? This is NOT the place. My husband and I ate here, it was probably one of the worse over priced Asian/Chinese food.  I was expecting the food to be really good especially for the price but it was very disappointing. I won't eat here again.
We were on the campus for an event on Saturday and decided to try out this place. The food was awesome, prepared hot. I tried Chicken garlic masala and my wife tried Chicken curry and both were great tasting.\n\nWill certainly visit this place next time on the campus.
Took my 2 Maltipoo's in yesterday.  They really did a great job with them.  Even put Pink Bows in Baileys hair.  Would definately recommend.
It's worth a look just to see the view from the terrace and the over-the-top decor.  I'd like to come here wearing a Members Only jacket just to bask in the irony.
My Taco Bell fix before or  after Golf @ Tuscany. Nice  location only negative is it is a little hard to get into, not real hard but wish it was easier.
Let's just say their specialty isn't food or cocktails. Then again, it's a pub. They generally have good specials and the occasional keep the glass deal.
This place nails it. Great food -- from appetizers, salads, steaks, sides, desserts, beverages. Great service -- the right speed and drinks kept full. Fair prices. Great ambiance. If you are in the area and want a steakhouse meal, this place will more than fulfill the need.
Good Margaritas and nice staff they always make me feel right at home. My favorite plates to order here are the Street Tacos and the Chicken Spinach Enchiladas.
Golf anyone? Ya, gotta love golf. This is a well maintained golf coarse, not too difficult, if you have a clue as to what you are doing. Beverage chick is pretty cool as well. Carts are in good repair and the clubhouse is big and clean, pretty good food too..
We have been to the other Binkley's outposts, so decided to give this one a try for happy hour.  Great space, convenient location, super friendly bartenders, excellent AZ wine on tap and amazing food.  I seriously think those were the BEST french fries I have ever eaten...delicious!
LOVE this place. Super whimsical and modern at the same time. Expect to see people dressed to the nines at this place. Awesome restaurants as well, and the service was above and beyond. A+
This place is awesome! Delicious ramen, the meat practically melts in your mouth. I have never had ramen that wasn't out of a box before and this has definitely changed my mind. Next time I'm I'm Las Vegas I will definitely be coming back here.
Waited 2 hours on a quoted 30 min wait and still wasn't taken back. Service was rude and I will never return or recommend to anyone
Truly one of the worst places to eat at in Vegas.\nI ate here a while back and it's just plain horrid.\nEven old white people won't eat here.
I've just turned Vegan and I am still figuring out what to eat. A friend and I split the Vegan Prix-Fixe dinner. It was just wonderful. I never knew eating Vegan could be this good. I look forward to my next visit to Las Vegas. I will definitely come back to Mint Indian Bistro.
Hard to find unless you know where it is (mysterious sounding, I know).  Staff is friendly.  Large selection of alcoholic beverages.  Good food.  Good prices.  Stop by if you get the chance.
Quick and easy place to eat, our waiter was very helpful. I had duck noodle soup. It was good, but it was a bit oily.
Tout bon burgers en direct de l'a\u00e9roport de Vegas par contre d\u00e9lai d'attente assez long !\nA tester, les onions rings :)
If you like fresh beer, this is the spot. Great beers, food and service.
The food is excellent and the service is always awesome!! Ask for server Jessica...she will take good care of you!
Fair selection. Beautiful store. Zero Opus X. Marginally friendly salespeople.
We used to live in Vegas, and The Med was one of our favorite places to go smoke a hookah with friends for an evening out. It hasn't changed from what I remember, the food is consistently good and authentic.  I think we paid nearly $40 for lunch which seems a bit much for lunch for only two people.
20 minutes to make a sandwhich and acting like that's not unusual?  No thanks. AVOID. This is why hippies shouldn't be thrust into management roles.
Best sandwich I have ever had! The Bobbie is the best, it's like Thanksgiving exploded in your mouth. They roast their own turkey perfectly moist, the rolls are soft and delicious. My only complaint is there are not enough locations. I would love to see one of these in the Sacramento area!
I especially enjoy the sashimi here... I still think about the salmon.  The atmosphere and service isn't anything special and I'm not a fan of the dessert but the main dishes are good enough to keep going back for.  Be aware that you'll be paying for the quality of the food.
Thank you for being gluten free friendly!  Me and my stomach appreciate you!!  :))
I've heard good things about GOC.  We had our first \"taste\" tonight and I must enthusiastically agree with the positive reports!  We will definitely return and recommend to the GOC!  Now after several visits ... Still five stars!
casino floor was like any other, expensive table games $15 min roulette the bellagio wasn't even high. did not like the slot selection. i wouldn't stay here or gamble here ever again.
Best mexican restaurant in town by far
Solid, inexpensive pizza. It's our go-to when we're looking for something quick and tasty. The chicken parmesan is made with frozen store-bought chicken patties... obviously not as good as fresh (or worth 4 stars), but still delicious.
Out of the hundreds of restaurants in Scottsdale, this one is my favorite. Great atmosphere, food, and drinks. Duck Empanada was absolutely delicious and you can get a side of foie gras for 5 bucks! Enough said, check it out!
Good burgers, terrible fries.  Fries are 1.  Hard to get a thick shake at this location.
This was definitely a 'Meh' experience. The fast food of ramen- not terrible, but definitely not good.\nThe menu does offer a lot to pick from if you're looking to snack, but I wouldn't bother with the ramen at all.
This place is ok.  Think of it like a Carrabas for Mexican food.  Nothing great... nothing authentic... nothing offensive.  Middle of the road Mexican fare at a reasonable price.  It is acceptable.
Incredible tacos!!!! Beyond impressed with food quality. Staff was very nice and more than willing to help explain the menu.
it is  starbucks!
Not the biggest fan of this place.  Usually get the Orange Chicken to use that as the bar, and it was horrendous.  I think they bought frozen popcorn chicken, and put a gross glaze on it.  Service was great, in it was extremely quick.  Only saving grace for them...
Not great. $20. for a med. 3 topping pizza that had a crust that was charred black on the bottom. Dominos would have been a better choice. MUCH BETTER!
I went to check it out after my workout at LVAC store was extremely hot and uncomfortable inside. Poor customer service did not  seem interested in helping me. Selection poor and price high . Definitely not worth checking out !!!
Do yourself a favor and enjoy some pork buns at Umami.
Todd is not only a excellent locksmith but a pleasure to talk to. He made quick work of making a new key for my motorcycle. He has all my future biz!\n\nThanks Todd
\"Not the best I've had, but definitely good enough to fill a craving, and I'm pretty picky about Middle Eastern since I grew up there. The hummus and tabouleh were good and I was excited they had Zataar bread, as it's hard to find.\"
Amazing food.\nService was excellent as well.\n\nI suppose when you pay these sort of prices you would better expect great good followed by great service.
Traditional ice cream favorites prepared the way I like them. I didn't come here for health food!
good concept and if your order is right, it's pretty good. but slow.
They do a great job. Manicure and pedicure for $32. Not bad for the price.
We just ate here for the first time and loved it!  We had the red curry and the mango chicken.  Plus they brought out free fried ice cream for our birthday.  We have been looking for good asian food on the west side of Phoenix and we have finally found it.
I been going to this place off and on for years so I like it... however loud annoying soccer fans singing group songs at 9am is super whack. So much so that we left after driving 30 just to eat there...
Thorough workouts, every session is different, plenty of encouragement and positive attitude!
Best fast food burger! I traditionally get the Western Bacon Cheeseburger, but every once in awhile I get the Original $6 Burger with extra sweet pickle. For a good meal at a great price, make it Carl's Jr.
Keeping this short. I am a fan of their scrambles and monte cristo. The food quality is better than babystacks. The service is solid as well. Even when they're incredibly busy, the food comes out in a timely fashion.
LOVE LOVE LOVE Grazie - very cool pizza and wine bar in Old Town.  The pizza is fresh and delicious.  Their Italian wines are interesting and reasonably priced.  Their nutella dessert calzone is to die for.
I think this place has closed. Couldn't find it and ended up at Cheeba Hut. I think it was in the same strip mall?? Cheeba Hut was great though!
I received nothing free. Paid for great food and exceptional service. This was the Fish Market and is now Bluewater Grill. Great happy hour too!
Great food from one of the Co-founders of AJ's grocery stores. Great place to go before a movie and great food.
Good food, it's just sad they have such sucky service. Too many Mexican food restaurants in Casa grande to have to deal with crummy service.
The sandwiches are delicious!  Don't forget the cheesecake.
I finally found the best hair color specialist and stylist at this location.  Maggie is the manager also.  She is the best of the best with hair color and I finally found someone to give the perfect A line bob.  I have had my hair colored for years and now I finally found the best.  Maggie is No. 1 ! - CW
Incredible food!!! My boyfriend said he had the best Benedict ever! The Benedict are a must!!! And smoothies are amazing!! Just get it all!
I come here every year for my birthday. You can't go wrong with the breakfast menu. The only downside about this place is that it's far from my house.
This is the first time I've gone to a Cracker Barrel in several years and probably the last for several more years. I notice that most of the high ratings were from those who had breakfast there. I had lunch and was so disappointed.
Very chain restaurant atmosphere, but they have great cold beer and the garlic fries are a must have!
The most amazing show I've ever seen. Burlesque meets gymnastic meets comedy.  I would see absinthe over and over. There's no bad seat in the house, it was so close and intimate. Must see in Vegas!
They chased us out for tip!!!
meh. i've experienced WAY better. rolls and sushi were whatever. The waitress was rude and so was the sushi chef. rude rude rude.
My friend told me that this would be the perfect first date spot and he was correct! The atmosphere was amazing and the weather was great so requested to sit on the patio. Our server was very knowledgable about all the menu items as well as the wine list. \nWill definitely be coming back here soon!
I get excellent service every time. The employees are smiling, patient & very helpful. Love the bagels here ;)
While the ice cream is very good, I found the flavors to be uninspiring.  Churn is good  if your'e a classic-flavors kind of person, but I like to try new things and they didn't offer many beyond the traditional.
AYCE was pretty good. The fish was fresh and the service was good. The only negatives I have is that the place is really small and they don't offer a lot of appetizers for AYCE. Good but not GREAT. May or may not go again...
Absolutely terrible service! \nVery average food! \n\nCoffee machine been broken for weeks and no signs of being repaired. \nTea water comes out totally cold. Twice.
What a hidden gem! Noticed the great reviews so I had to give it a try. Excellent food and service! Family owned, the owners are genuine and very friendly. The Steak works is sooo good! Highly recommended!! FYI place is cash only
Ahwatukee needs more great businesses just like this one.  Fresh, progressive, customer focused and a can't go wrong menu.
Very good taste, inexpensive. This place is packed since it opens. The noodle is very authentic. BBQ duck is a must try. Ended up dinning here most of my stay in Las Vegas.
Excellent people and service. I never used a pet sitting service before, but I would not hesitate to use TLC again. They are very professional and I could tell they really care about our pets.
Delicious and exotic flavors!! I had the amaretto and avocado flavor. It was super creamy! I love that they have so much to choose from. They also have really good toppings. Next time I really want to try their shaved ice.
Second week in a row and the yoga instructor Willow does not show up. She runs late for most her classes but this is ridiculous! The front desk takes no accountability and claims she doesn't work for them. If this is the attitude and lack of general respect for your clients' time then this gym is not for me. Poor management skills.
Qdoba is probably my favorite fast food Mexican place in Charlotte. The two things I base my favorites on are the chips which need to be sliced thinly and have just the right amount of salt and the queso. All good here. I also really like their taco salads and burritos. Overall, great place.
Wow! What a space! Sadly I can't see going here all that much due to the location. \n\nAnd I'm guessing that the prices on clothing are about the cost of the local residence's weekly wage. \n\nI'm hoping for the best but fearing the worst.
My favorite sushi in Madison.\n\nI like the atmosphere, and I like the staff.  They are nice, and the sushi isn't too expensive.  Plus you get to watch them make it on a plasma screen tv.
Driving around with my family looking for a place to eat we saw g's and decided to give it a try. What a mistake! I've never seen so much grease on my plate in my life. We were sick all night after eating there. My wife still gets sick if I even mention that place.
All of it is great but I suggest you stick to the beef selection when choosing what meats to eat and get more of.  The beef rib and the garlic steak were top notch.  The salad/cheese bar was great make sure you try the goat cheese spread.  Definitely worth a trip and the service was top notch as well.
Wish I could leave no stars waited 25 minutes for waitress Cindy to take our orders. Never happened? She Helped everyone beside our table. Rude service never returning.
I love how these stores are merchandised, it makes a colorholic like me happy when i can go right to the rose gold section or quickly find a turquoise clutch.  My only wish? A section devoted to hypoallergenic baubles!
Stopped here for lunch on wednesday ,burgers were great!  Service was also very good
Excellent service,  Excellent Food.  Be prepared for a huge bill.  $350 for dinner for my wife and I.
Ordered a ham & pineapple pizza for delivery after hearing good things but was sadly disappointed. The crust was more like cardboard & overall the pie basically tasteless. Hope this was an anomaly but probably won't try again. My guests concurred...
was disappointed that the brunch was $28 and didn't have anything that was tasty.  since we were staying at mandalay it was an easy choice but i wouldn't come back even if i did stay there again.
Ehhh, it was a burger, nothing special, looked like they threw it together, a little messy.. . Service wasn't great, pretty much threw my food at me..won't go back
Decent grocery store with a wide selection of prepared foods although I would stay away from the Chinese section.  Prices are comparable to prices in PA so they aren't that great but they do have a goid cheese selection and the rotisserie chicken is pretty good.  They also have bulk foods and health foods sections.
Always good for a tasty, fully loaded sandwich :) This Subway is like other Subways, not a whole lot different. You chose the bread, then the meet, and then the other stuff, lettuce, tomato, peppers, onions, etc.
Bad service. Always out of stuff on a busy morning.... How can you run out of bold blend at 7:30 am. This is my third tint it happens. No sincere apology or offer a free drink for next time...
Horrible Service, they use CHEAP Materials, your Crowns or Bridge what ever they do will crack within 3yr. not worth it, spend  a little more but go somewhere else.
Consistent quality and friendly service combine with my favorite craft-brewed IPA to make this my favorite place to unwind.
Even though i realized this place is Asian fusion, still thoroughly disappointed. Vegetables are old, fruits are from cans, and noodles are limp...LIMP!
I like sushi alot. This place has an all you can eat option like most. The food is good I don't like how is says on the menu you have to eat all the rice or they will charge you. For me it puts stress on my meal. But the service was amazing and there salad dressing was delicious.
Decided to try out some chicken and biscuits when flying through the airport here. Damn good stuff NC, keep up the good work.
Great food great service.  I have eaten at great restaurants all over the world and if I do say so myself, I am an excellent judge.  You won't be disappointed.  This is one of my favorites in Pittsburgh.  Prices very good for what you get.\n\nSteve
I wish they had a better variety. The staff is great
Very good food.  Great service.   We sat at the bar and had a great lunch.  The Asian wings were some of the best I have ever had.  Bloody marts looked good.... But didn't have one.  Tasty Carne Asada tacos too!!!
I was looking for something open late at night around 11:30 and this was one of the only places open that looked decent.  I ordered the burger here which was a little hard to eat because it was messy the way they made it, but it was good.  The shake here was average.
The effin service sucks!! All 3 servers were rude, never smiled and when I would ask for something they would just walk away.. I would never come back to this place.. Crab is so salty n what I said b4 SERVICE SUCKS!!!!
First time here and found it on YELP and it paid off.  From service, attitude, environment, food and beverage everything was excellent. Awesome experience all the way!!
the staff was awesome, the food was delicious, the place was gorgeous- it felt like Wonderland in the backyard! chicken and waffle sandwiche is definitely recommended, and get some fried pickles while you're at it
Fantastic variety of scrumptious crepes and warm friendly service.  Reminiscent of cafes in Europe.  Sometimes there is a small wait for your order, but it's not fast food (nor do we want that)!
I'm a huge lover of Indian and Situl does not disappoint. I've had several dishes, but the Channa Massala and their Paneer Tikka Massala are the best. Their onion chutney goes great with the Naan and the owners are very friendly.
The worst service ever! My drink didn't come until after I asked the waiter 3 times and he finally brought it after our food arrived! It wasn't even that busy. Food was amazing, but service makes or breaks a place. And this service was awful. When I needed something else, I just asked the maitre di.
Great food. SUPER FRIENDLY. I love small buiness owners more so than them truly authentic Phillys. Check them out and support  them.
Had high hopes being that the restaurant was inside the Bellagio. The pad thai was lacking flavor and the wontons were chewy. \n\nHowever, the spicy shrimp noodle soup was tasty.
The onion rings are delicious.  The rest of the food that we ordered was pretty boring.  I wish the menu had some more fresh options. The inside could use some updating.  Our table had a ripped and worn plastic table covering, it was not well maintained.  My kids love the flamingos, that was our favorite part.
Great for takeout.  They threw in extras for us, which was a nice touch.
This was our first time. The food was good but the service was horrible. Our server was Imran. He made it a horrible experience. We probably won't go back.
We did the deep sea movie.  I was sure I was going to toss my cookies  from all the 3D, but then, I was hung over.\n\nIf you have kids, or are into tech - stuff, this is a pretty cool thing to check out.  If you are hung over, I'd say pass.
Don't go to this way below average restaurant. Horrible ravioli, very bad Cream Br\u00fbl\u00e9e. We not only waisted our time and money, the experience literally effected our mood that night. Wrong decision!
Probably the worse pho I've ever had. Great idea for a food truck though. I might give them another try.
Riding around in Vegas, looking for a cheap lunch....decided to stop in. Pleasantly surprised. Excellent burritos, clean. If you want to get away from the strip for a few minutes or you get a hankering for a burrito, you could do worse.
the volume of noise was just too much. what I had was good but not that good that I would go again.
Awesome chicken and fries & great friendly servers too!
Love this store! Great home decorating at very reasonable prices!
Reasonable pricing! Soups are good as well as appetizers! Service is a bit slow though. Overall good food though!
Zero stars because for two mornings in a row reception was so slow we got fed up waiting and went somewhere else. Plenty of empty tables, not enough staff. I've frequented Cora's places in Halifax without complaint, but this was a shambles!
Awful. Terrible staff very rude. Food was meeeeh ok I guess but over priced for mediocrity. Never again
Last Friday I was looking for a Happy hour, and came across Switch. I was very please with the look and feel, the drinks were very good (Cheap, and not weak) :D. The other two people that joined me felt the same way.\n\nI will definitely be back there soon!!!
This restaurant is probably one of the best Italian restaurants I have ever gone to. When I first entered the manager comes up and says if it isnt on the menu then tell me and we'll make what you want fresh right now. If you are in Montreal then you have to go here.
This is a SCAM! Avoid at all costs! They post on craigslist with fake pictures and charge a recurring 40$ fee for access to a website that does not do anything advertised!!!
I had a great time at Cabo Wabo Cantina. Our server Avi was great! He made sure we hade everything we needed. \nThe food and margaritas were very good.\nWe sat out on the patio and had a very nice time.
Excellent service and great indoor-outdoor bar seating.  The SOP pizza was excellent!
Went here two nights in a row and enjoyed  the awesome atmosphere, exelent service and delicious food. The coctails are awsome too.\nThe best place I have ever been to.\nGet there fast!
I went here for dinner while visiting Charlotte, probably one of the best places to go on a weekend for dinner. I loved the ambiance, trendy decor, great music and good food. Definitely recommend for meeting up with your girls or even a date :)
I don't know if my order is too complex, but they seem to get at least one of the three things wrong every time, and its different errors each time....they are cheap and fast and right by my work which is probably the only reason I go back...
Ordered the cheese fondue. Best with just bread vs all the options served. Love the fresh cheese and salami presentation with all the condiments and bread. Unique drink selection and ability to try different wines. Chocolate covered treats are a must-have. Great staff that provides superior service consistently!!
I ordered the b1 combo. It's was ono. There teriyaki beef is cherry. Recommended place to grind.
This restaurant has been shut down before I could eat their delicious food. Alerting Yelp management.
The Jalape\u00f1o Biscuits w/Sausage Gravy is a new favorite!
Great environment and food. Definitely recommend it, however, the ice to water ratio in the water wasn't optimal for my tastes. In fact, I only got approximately 3 sips before my cup was empty. Other than that minor detail, The Yard is amazing.
Standard all you can eat sushi buffet.  Nothing special but clean and good tasting.  $32/adult is a little pricey but not in vegas.
Giant sign at the Cubs stadium in Mesa should say Overrated instead of Portillo's. Once the hype calms down, everyone will realize it's just a mediocre hot dog shop. Why go here when you could get a west coast style charbroiled hot dog down the street at Ted's?
have left two messages for two different people in the service department, 60 hrs later, still no call back.\n\npretty bad service.\n\nhad an acura mdx before, awesome experience.
Had a terrific buying experience here! No pressure salesperson who knew their products. Quality merchandise, fair prices, beautiful showroom and friendly staff! I highly recommend this store!
Friendly folks, nice booth for the 3 of us. Howevr we all agreed that while our meals were properly prepaired, the chef forgot to season anything. Dips were even dull, and I'd thought that was an impossibility.
Worst ATT store around.  The manager in particular is so rude and has no ability to offer customer service.  Do not sign up at this store unless you want to get screwed over with a lousy contract.  They are only out for the money and have no customer service and this is lead by the manager of the store.
design orgasm.
It's the best!
Dope spot for all your vape needs! Every time I go there I'm greeted with smiles and a very helpful attitude. The always have a great selection of juice. If you need help with a rebuild they got you on that as well. Overall an awesome shop.
Okay I read the reviews and went to to have a bit for dinner. The prices where out of control in my opinion. I had a bowl of soup that tasted okay.... had a 9 dollar glass of sub par wine and left.
I stop in when I need some delicious broth with warmth and spice. The decor is interesting and the service is quick. I have always enjoyed the pho and the grilled shrimp dish.
Always a great place to go for the latest styles in fashion. Very upscale. It's never overly crowded.\n\nFive star dining on-site.
Fast, friendly & efficient! I feel energized after receiving my B-12 injection! Thank you!
Meh. The location and the venue is great, but the food is only okay.  I liked the drinks, though! CREATIVE!!
Go see this!
Please update your hours on Yelp. We stopped by to get something framed at 5:32pm and you were closed even though it said 6pm on Yelp.
Good Bar food, but I don't really go for the food. Their beer and whiskey selection is out of this world! They always have interesting taps, usualy have live music at night, on Mondays they show movies!
Love love love this place! They have the best sugar cookies I have ever hard. Any time we are in the area this is where we go!
Food quantities were nice service was nice but the food lacked flavor.... Salsa was bland, Rice was dry, beans no taste, my chimichanga had more onions and peppers than chicken... he thing I enjoyed most was the tea...I prefer Charanda near Baxter personally.
Great place for chicken fingers and sweet tea. I always sub the cole slaw with an extra piece of texas toast. Its true, \"the sauce is the boss and the toast is the most.\" Great eats with quick service.
Awsome, awsome, awsome...the food is delicious. ..very well service. .nice peoples...nice n clean place...I love it.. I should go more often....::))
It's like a prison entering from the south side doors, closest to cvs, you have to go through metal bars and your cart goes through another one, and for good reason, the theft and kids are the reason, which makes me never return. I bypass it and shop smiths instead due to the ghetto bars and long lines
Great price for very good food! Thank you Yelp for pointing us to another good find!
Megan was incredible!  Love the pictures, but, also loved the service. It was as if she was a family member taking pictures.  I cannot say enough good things about Megan and her amazing talent!
Tried Mojo for the first time last night and it was seriously the worst fro-yo I have ever had. The four flavors I sampled all had a very odd artificial taste. I \"tapped\" the mochi pieces and they were hard and crusty (they should be soft).
A non chain in arrowhead and its yummy!  Try the flaming feta for an appetizer. Live that they have added a few bistro tables outside for additional seating and enjoying the nice AZ spring.
For a quick and quality, easy sushi night... This is it. No big production. Grab a $1 PBR and 1 for 2 rolls. I've had them all by now and have no complains. Better than Russans, but falls short of Pisces. Long way to Nikkos.
Good food and I love all the dipping sauces.  Best gyro I've had on campus.  Not a huge variety of food, though.
I have gone here three times now, because everyone talks about it soo much. I have ordered something different everytime and I just don't see what the hype is about.  The fried pickles are good and thats about it.\n\nMaybe I will try one more time and try the banana pudding?
great donuts. great gyros.\nand the most adorable owners ever.\njust make sure you aren't in any rush, if you think about ordering food here. still worth visiting.
This is an average bar. They have the run of the mill drinks everything else there. The service wasn't bad..but it didn't impress me. I do like the fact that they have good local brews on tap. Other than that....you can find a better bar in Charlotte.
drunken noodles are amazing!! spring rolls and curry if you love thai you wont be disappointed, will definitely be coming back!
Fantastic Foot Massage!!!! Definitely a repeat customer for life
Awesome food and great service. Not to mention that one cook in the back with the Regular Show hat and how supa fine he is. 5 out of 5 would go back if only just to see him one more time before I leave for my hometown in Washington
This is a super cool place :) staff is cool beer is legit!\nHop bang boom is an excellent IPA.
Best golf in Arizona --
Had the smoked meet with a side of poutine (had to go with the whole experience). Good smoked meat, although I've had better.  The service was good, but very slow.
This place is horrible. The manager, \"Emily\", is one of the rudest people I have ever come across. I specifically will not be returning because of her.
AMAZING! I'v been going to them for a really long time and they are always good to me :)
great breakfast- generous portions and a friendly cook(Nikki). the customers are all friendly and you do not \"dine alone\" here. The cooking is home style and hot. it is compact and if you need any thing -the person next to you will surely pass it over to you\npeter
my favorite market ever
Amazing sandwiches and soup. Today I had the albondigas soup and the roast beef sandwich. They were both so good.  The wait staff was friendly and helpful as well!This is the second time I have eaten here and I am truly impressed!
My friends love this place, I say it was A-OK. The steak was cooked perfectly though. I just find it odd that they serve the steak over rice and boiled potatoes, which by the way, potatoes were bland. It is affordable though.
Went in for my FIRST professional facial with Shannon last week and it was \"wonderful\".  Shannon described each steps and inform me about the benefits of each.  The price was great, but the service was even better.   Can't wait til next time.
The owner is beyond friendly and the staff offers excellent customer service. Best hummus I have ever had. I love eating here and always make it a stop on my visit to Gilbert.
The food was outstanding, as were the drinks. The decor is simple, but cool. Service was top notch. Worth the price tag!
Food was good, service bad.... Nice server, but he forgot about us. We waited for an hour after we fin eating to het asked desert...
Went in for their 34th anniversary customer appreciation day. Had the Jewish sliders. If this is the way this dump celebrates its customers, count me out. What a joke.  Bland, crowded, unreasonably priced... No bueno.
Wonderful food at the cafe side. Inexpensine and tasty. Split several dishes and they took care of it in the kitchen. Service spot on. Meatloaf is the best!
Really convenient that they have this right on the Strip. A bit more variety of things than a typical Walgreens, but prices are SUPER high. Guess that's par for the course here, but also reflected in the rating.
I Love the location,Take a Walk and Enjoy
I was in town on business and decided to give this place a try.  I'm not a fan... If I was binge drinking then I could have tolerated the horrible service and mediocre food.  I hate fast food but would probably just hit Burger King around the corner next time.  I was hoping it would be a great find.
I came here alone for lunch on a weekend,I sat outside and I received no service.\nHowever the food is amazing!\nThe three stars are only for the food.\nI have come here many times I usually get good service because we are as a group maybe a single customer is not worth the effort.
This place is awesome. I live litterally 2 mins away and it's super convenient, but they always seem to be understaffed. It takes me at least 20 mins to get a smoothie. The food and the smoothies are great but they just don't have enough staff to keep up with the people flow when needed.
Car didn't start.  Tire Works came and towed the car.  Warren ROCKS.\nHe had the great crew get right on it.  I just needed a new battery,but they picked me up and did the job within one hour .  Yep, they rock!!!!!!!
Fast friendly service. Standard Native New Yorker food
I got the Farm Burger. It was aiight. The pork belly appetizer was outstanding. Overall happy with the experience and the price was right. Gordon could easily have charged double given the star cred but he doesn't and I can respect the heck out of that.
If there was an option to give this place 4.5 stars, I would. I really enjoyed the pizza here! Fun atmosphere, exceptionally friendly and professional service, and reasonable wait time for seating on a rather busy Saturday evening. Overall, a very nice evening of good food and wine in a nice, casual atmosphere. :-)
two words. MANGO HABANERO ;)\n\nim a regular on tuesdays for .45 cent wings... but damn, do i have to bring my own bottle of Ranch sauce in my purse, since they charge .50 per little bitty serving? I GUESS.
If you LOVE beans and and rice and HATE meat... You'll absolutely love this Chipolte!!\n\nIt's become ridiculous over the past few months.. this location has become consistent w not giving u practically any meat.
This is my gas station love it love the employees they are always so friendly. However one thing that is a downer they don't do cash back on debit transactions.
The food is so authentic and tasty. The salsas are pretty hot but the red is the mildest.  The mild green in the enchiladas is awesome.  They are always busy but services is fast and friendly.  Prices are reasonable and the have some great lunch specials.
This was just OK for us. Good service, but my skate wing fish was really dry and hubby's burger wasn't anything special. He really enjoyed the mac n cheese and I loved the frites, which were more like actual chips than fries.
Danica Bautista is a very personable sales representative and anyone interested in joining a quality gym should reach out to her.
Had them fix what the holidays had done to my house...they were friendly and professional, and the price was right
Food was very good.  Had an oyster sampler plate with various types.  Salmon was cooked to perfection.  Overall a fine choice.
Fun locals casino, always friendly sign up and get your member card for free buffets and gift giveaways. Always friendly and fun!
Love this local spot! The drinks, food, staff and decor are all awesome! Great patio by the lake/bike trail (think pit stop). Also, they have cocktails and open mic some weeknights. Oh, did I mention the champagne infused muffin, the Royal 57, gotta try one!
Perfect coffee shop.  The fact that they make sandwiches and waffles just sweetens the deal.  Do them a favor and pay with cash!\n\nYou have a mix of people sittin' on laptops and people meeting for conversation.  Everyone is just there to relax and have a good time.  They pull a mean shot.
Staff was very unfriendly and rushed us along to get other people in, despite our large party spending plenty of $ and ordering large amounts of food and drinks. The food was good, but I'd chose Round Corner Cantina over this any day
I can't believe Guy isn't there anymore. A true hero. I enjoyed listening to his stories of WWII while he cut my dad's hair. I guess the owner of the shop was probably jealous of all of Guy's fans.
Loved this place last Saturday nite.  Came back to use 20% coupon we got online. Steak was overcooked and over seasoned, broccoli cold. Very disappointed.
I'm writing this from sitting in the bar so much. I have eaten here a lot lately. I always have a great experience when sitting at the bar. Great service, food, and drinks....the dining room experiences, lets just say not even up to par on there best day...
Excellent service. I have taken shoes and boots to be resized and belts to be repaired. I took a leather jacket in for a new zipper and cuffs. Great work in a timely manner. I highly recommend Luis.
Seriously nice waiter. The beans and slaw were good. The cuban sandwich had burnt cheese, no pickles or mustard and the bun was crumbling apart. Their slogan is the evolution of barbecue.......I sure hope not!!!! Won't be back.
Love their chow fun !!! It tastes really good especially with beef.. Tried the shrimp and it didn't taste a good . Also you get midwestern discount along with a free soft drink ! Yay!! Love the lady there !
Very bad customer service at the front desk (mostly Hispanic lady with glasses)\n\nWill never come here again or even refer people for medical services
Why bore yourself with the Starbucks next door when you can have an absolutely world class hot chocolate made from scratch? They leave a deliberate dollop of chocolate outside every cup. Absolute heaven in 12 oz.
Beautiful, quiet little place. Went in tonight and the place was empty but the food was SO good. I had the Old Town sandwich which had some type of delicious raspberry sauce on it. The lady running the place was very welcoming and kind and made us some great food. I'll be back!
Best little cafe in town. I have eaten everything on the menu and there are no mediocre items here.
Slowest fucking check out every. Single. Time. Brain dead ass cashiers in lala land. The only thing this place had going for them is the 50% off sales they have on certain items everyday because it's over priced as shit.
It's cool because it's a big time dive. The food is ok. The shells are deep fried, but the guts are very boring. Overall it's ok and the prices are ok. It's worth going once...twice max.
Slow unaware rookie bartenders & staff in general, more concerned about taking shots than helping customers, definitely do not recommend this place.
Food is good here and the ambience is also a plus but sometimes the service would just suck. Also when you call to place an order for either pick or delivery, they put you on hold for so long that you just want to hang up. I hung up just now. Was on hold for exactly 7mins and 15secs.
Very Friendly staff.. I like the little kids play area. It kept our toddler busy. Food was nothing special, quite bland and coffee tasted old. Overall it was nice and we will come back bec of the kids area & service.
I tried the Sunday seafood , I was very disappointed with the seafood,  very bad quality,  oyster was very old!  I can't believe they charge 40 for that quality.  I only eat one oyster. The prime rib is good, my two star is vote for the rib and dessert only.
In the View Cheese Shop $2 draft wines and $3 select beer. Must order a food item to get the drink specials.
The food is really good. However, the service could use some improvement. It felt like the server lacked people skills. Otherwise everything else was decent.
Went here for my first time the other day and LOVE IT!!! I can see myself going there once a week!  Great selection of everything you can think of, with great prices.
Went today for the first time.  The massage experience with Christine was great, however, the hard sell for membership after was a bit stressful. It killed all the the good work of the therapist!
This review is for two recent visits to Firebirds, one for dinner and one for lunch.  Both were excellent.  The Ranch Onion Rings are the best in recent memory.  The salmon and the Delmonico steak were cooked perfectly.  The wait times were about an hour for dinner and around 15 mins for lunch, but both well worth the time investment.
I am happy to have found them.   They offer so many services to market my business.  I have always been pleased with the quality.  I rarely give them ample time to get my products shipped to my franchises, but they constantly come through for me.
Surprise find, recommended Hawaiian fusion...
Every time I come into this store the staff is unusually friendly.   Great job hiring and/or training.
Pretty nice place, but staff could be rude and argumentive. I had and eye infection, when in like 5 times for the same thing, the drops that the doctor prescribed never worked all five times. Went to cvs got some over the canter eye drops. Took about week and half and my eyes have no more infection.
Just a quick sum up. Myself and a guest ordered 2 BLTs and 2 waters. The sandwiches were mediocre at best. Total tab $16. Ill stick to subway anyday
Ehh...not bad, but I've had better. The cheeseburger was good. The fries were flavorless. The strawberry shake wasnt anything special. If in the hotel again and everyone else wanted to eat here i wouldnt be opposed to it, but it wouldnt be my first choice, or my second.
The food is alright. I had the local plate. The chicken and beef were ok, but the spam had way too much rice (served as a \"sandwich\").  I would only come here if i was in the area, but wouldn't be my first choice.
This pizza place has mediocre pizza. It's not a place I would rush back to. Last time I had take out, it came cold and salty. The service is friendly as they greet you immediately.
Poor service. Waited on crowded space in line for 10 min. Asked about pastrami. Not available. Rye bread? Ditto  Wanted to order pierogies to go in bulk and staff started serving the people behind me. \"sorry\" is not good enough, dude.
Really loved my tuna tartar, and the organic green salad. Between the two appetizers and an iced tea, that made the PERFECT lunch.
This place is over hyped.  Every dish we ordered had barely anything on the plate. Lotus of siam, you disappoint me.
Not impressed.  I had the nachos, calimari and fish and chips with my brother and nothing really stood out about them.  It was food...but not really anything to write home about.
BEST Donuts on the face of the earth, make sure you bring CASH!  They don't take cards......     These donuts are to die for!
It wasn't that good. I want more sauce variation. Meats weren't marinated well so the meat was bland. Service was good but the food just wasn't up to par.
Great place, great atmosphere. Love the drinks and the food is amazing. The Brussels Sprouts are delicious!  I also love the grill sandwich with the tomato soap. The edamame is the best in town.
Great job on my pedi!
Just ok food and service is not the greatest.  It took a long time to seat us for lunch, and it took even longer to order and get our food.  Their chicken sandwich was ordinary and the fries came out a little cold.  I think you would be better off grabbing lunch from Chicfila.
Food is too salty. Salsa is good. I like that they have switched the service from ordering at a counter to sitting and ordering off a menu.
The food is what you expect it to be. It has the same menu as any of the buerto brothers. I gave it three stars because they are open late for those drunk cravings.
This is one of the worst place I been too - I can't believe a manager at Fashion Show Mall - Karen Mesa - she was not willing to give any solution on a wallet that I spent over 400.00 dollars... When the thread is coming out! She was the worst manager for a high end retail company.
We loved our evening at Vertige. We had the 7 course tasting menu and every course was delicious. Service was fantastic! We'll definitely be back
My husband went for lunch with a co-worker yesterday and they enjoyed it very much. Keep up the good work.
Love this place been going here for 10 or so years it looks scary from the outside but give it a chance the owners remember everyone that is a repeat customer they remember if you want spicy mustard or not the food is great I have only ever had the buffet
It has been so long since I have had a meal that was perfect. Scallops on point, pasta aldente, amazing.
Not very good, I'm shocked that this place had so many stars.  We recently moved to the area and are looking for amazing sushi, this wasn't it.
By far, the best fro-yo in the Valley. The flavors taste natural and not overly sweet. My favorite flavors are the green tea (real matcha powder), original, and pomegranate-blueberry.
Never known anyone to hate a sandwich from here. One of the best places in the area, so its always great!
Located right next door to the sports complex, the service was acceptable, the place was clean, and the food was tasty. The prices are kind of high, but for a chain, it was okay, there are netter places to eat in Peoria, but the location here is hard to beat when your going to baseball.
Although they are still working on the remodel, we got a new Delano room. Very clean and modern!
Good thai tea!\n\nHorrible food. Pad thai look like it was food colored and the noodle stick together. Salted fried chicken was too dry. \n\nWould not recommend.
The worst most traumatizing customer service experience ever. I promised I would never put a foot there again even if coffee disappeared from earth and that would be the only place left.
No good. Old and outdated and the food was on par with hometown buffet. Very bland. All the employees have such deep accents it is very hard to ask any questions.
Astounding burgers. Never had anything like it anywhere else. We are from New York, and this was worth coming out to Arizona for.
My sister and I went here to experience something in Vegas with a bit of local flare and we were not disappointed! I too agree that the dates are a must have as well as the sangria! Go here if you want some great food, a good atmosphere and affordable prices!
Normal lunch spot for me as it is only walking distance from my job.  But the food is great!
NEVER AGAIN!! they do push u to buy all their insurance and pre-pay for gas.. dont fall in their trap!! JUST SAY NO TO WHATEVER THEIR OFFERING!!
Great  people especially Lynn Figgins who went out of her way to make both me and my wife happy!  A great experience!
Very good Indian food.  Nann was thin and delicious.  Might just be my favorite Indian restaurant.
Great if you know how good what you're getting is... But if you think it's too pricey there's a great buffet as well...
Server was not very friendly, seemed like a lot of staff was hanging around but not doing much. No one was even @ the register.  Will not be going to this location again. Huntersville has much friendlier staff.
Nothing special... JJ's is OK if you like an over hyped over priced sub... Have tried the Arrowhead location too... I can say they are consistent with their product... Seems what differentiates them from other sub shops is they like using mayonnaise.
Love this place. They are all very friendly and knowledgeable. They greet me and my pet by name. They take the extra time to make sure my pet is healthy and that all my questions are answered.  Plus, they call the next day to check and see how my pet is doing.
Second trip to Downtown Tattoo - Buddy hooked us up and fixed our tats. Super guy who stands by his shop and the people he has working there. \n\nHappy to say the next time we're back in Vegas, this is the only place we will get our tattoos!
Have been here a few times and there was one staff who was really rude. Girl, if you can't have better customer service, you may only be a barista for your whole life. Guess I'll not go back there again.
I was quite excited to see there was a Baja Fresh inside my hotel. \nUnfortunately, my craving for their amazing food, was left unsatisfied. The style of this location is very Chipotle like, their customer service was basic and the food was so unfortunate.
I agree with the previous comment. This place is old and dirty!! I can't say anything wrong about the service because I don't really care about that ... Lol
Of all the times I've been to Vegas, I finally got to remember what Playboy Club looks like.\n\nI did not realize they had actual game tables there.  With dealers in Playboy uniforms.  Hawt.\n\nNothing else memorable.  No eye candy besides the workers.  Kind of disappointing.
Moved to Chicago 6 months ago. I am in desperate need to find pizza like Napoli's has! I can't find it! This place has great pizza and wings - I miss it. I think I am going to cry.....
New restaurant is really good. Friendly staff, awesome food
I don't get it.... Is this supposed to be like the library or what? 'cuz all I see is guys working here...  Boring place, no character.  If you want to watch sports, there are better places nearby.
We recently purchased an older home in Chandler and needed some electrical work done. Tony came out and assessed our needs and gave an honest and reasonable written quote. He worked around our busy schedules which was more than the bigger electrical companies would do. Support small businesses in the valley! I highly recommend All Valley Electric.
Great place to go for some really fantastic N.Y. pizza. We've been visiting this location for years and nothing from the friendly New York greeting to the taste of the pizza ever changes. If you get the chance, drop in and grab a slice!
Love this place! The staff is always friendly and they have great  beers on tap. Can't ask for much more! They serve cartel coffee and beer, btw! We had the bruschetta, but would loved to try more food, just had dinner afterwards planned. Definitely stop by this place!
Very stark atmosphere and a menu that's all over the board.  Not sure about this one. The Italian sausage sandwich seemed to have been microwave, chewy on the end.  Service was fine.
Our bartender didn't know what a pint was or how to pour a beer
They are closed (and have been for awhile) :(
They do a great job sticking with a theme.  Beers are excellent and the food is right there, too.  It has been busy every time I have been, and with good reason!
I took my Grandpa here and the doctor was really good with explaining what was wrong with his eyes. I have nothing bad to say about this place so far I will be coming back time and time.
Nice rustic dark atmosphere, with good burgers and excellent chili. Prices are more than fair with adequate service.
Great little find on Atwood Street. The shrimp & corn fritters were super fish. The Pad Thai was very tasty and the Malaysian meat quartet covered all the bases.
Swallow Xanax, 'cuz the drive-thru is S-L-OOOO-W. Ham/egg biscuit.
mmmm choose the all you can eat option. What a great value only almost 18$ on a weekday for all you can eat. The only criticism is some of the sauces are too yucky sugary sweet.Nice people. The floors and bathroom could be cleaner.
One of my favorite breakfast joints in town. As a local, I'm always looking for great places to show my friends visiting from out of town. Hands down this is one of my favorites!\n\nI always get the basic breakfast with egg whites and turkey sausage. \n\nThe coffee cake is AMAZING!
Good place to eat and relax with old skool music:-) spice levels for me were off but I was able to add some heat when I needed it...fried dumplings were good and the combo noodles were good...i loved the flat noodles:-)
Really awesome atmosphere.  I had a burger, and I wasnt expecting much, but it had great taste and was cooked perfectly.  My fiance had the grilled chicken and she enjoyed it very much.  She also had a Volcaneo margarita which was smoking, so that was pretty cool too.
didn't really like the music but great vibe and fun atmosphere. lots of VIPs on the scene so they were given special attentions and it was fun to watch.
Just about everything in the Aria is fantastic, and Julian Serrano is no exception. I am not crazy about tapas, but I have an appreciation for unique combination of flavors and textures. The best part of my dining experience was the great selection of wine and spirits.
Phenomenal BBQ! We had the brisket sandwich and the Smokin Plate. Everything exceeded our expectations. I'm only sorry that we don't live closer!
I got the Chicken Parm delivered. It wasn't so hot.
This location is fantastic! Customer service is amazing!!!!
Went back, and got the corned beef this time instead of the cheesesteak.  MUCH better!  Also, have them add a fried egg to your sandwich for extra-awesomeness.\n\nNew Letter Grade:  B+
after seeing \"o\" it's impossible to match. this show is good, but i was pretty bored after the first 30 min. the comic relief between scenes is refreshing.
I can here not knowing what to expect. I left full and happy. Many traditional items were on the menu as well as a few specialties. Make sure you get there early or you will have a long wait.
We loved it here nice service, place, prices and the food to die for... We are definitely coming back because there are many options and it's gluten free!
My wife and I have visited St. Anthony's Chapel three time so far and every time the experience is a moving one.  I would recommend the guided tour.  The amount of relics contained in the chapel is amazing.  If you a person of faith this is a wonderful place.
Gotta love Roberto's. There always open.  Carna asda buritto wet is yummi.
I've gone multiple times. The staff are always polite and helpful. Yes they will offer you upgrades- but I've found them to be competitively priced. They'll contact your insurance company to repair and chipped windows too if you like. I will always come here for auto services- fast, efficient, and great quality work!
I got the Mexican Pizza because Abby D. said it was good, it tasted like freezer burn. I would give 1 star buuuuuut they give away free samples of their party burros and taquitos, and those were good!
LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!!! SOOO wish they would put one closer out to where I lived...if so, we'd go there every week. Please come to Queen Creek, Gilbert...
Salad bar at 3pm was sad and wilted. The carrots were slimy and disgusting enough to scrap the salad and make a new one.  Decent service and meal of crab cake (dry) and green beans (overcooked). Generic, uninspired atmosphere. Sweet tea was syrupy.  Wont be returning.
We are here with a large group for a bday party. Great food, great service, great atmosphere!!!
On Sunday 10-14-2012, I stopped by the Haunt before opening and spoke to the general manager about my experience and dissatisfaction in regards to our visit on 10-12-2012. Not even so much an apology. I figure that if I can save other people the disappointment that my friend and I went though, then mission accomplished.
BIG! BIG! fan of Susan's apple pancakes.\nAlways great service and always great food. And great atmosphere in a Sears craftsman house
I love this place!!! Such great ingrients and a wonderful happy hour! I come here pretty regularly. I always go with steak and shrimp. $1 domestic beers all day everyday! Who can beat that? #YUM
Sad when the white cherry icee flavor is out of commission other then that I always leave happy
Moved to NC from CT. I wanted to try this place out hoping it was like a deli with fresh meat and bread. Subs tasted just like subway to me, except more expensive. Nothing like a northern deli shop.
Being a customer brings you absolutely nothing in the hotel. The rooms are really nice however they have conditioning air that you cannot stop which is really not cool.
There is too much to eat in one visit ! love the pies and the gifts they sell here! This place has ice cream to chocolate covered strawberries! This place is every kids dream come true. I enjoz bringing mz familz here every time !
After reading the comments, I wonder no more as to why this place is going out of business. I went in a month ago and got a good deal on a couple pair of BDU trousers = Buy 1, get 50% off on the 2nd. The owner told me he was closing in June.
Awesome! We're from la and this was a treat! Chicken del sol was awesome!  Go here there's something healthy and delecious for everyone!
It was ok. Enjoyed the freshly squeezed oj. My omelet was fair, nothing special. Spent 20$ (including tax and tip) for the above items and tea. I think $3.25 for a hot cup of water and limited tea selection was a bit much.  Not impressed. The decor is cheerful.
The food is good, the customer service is great.  The only reason I gave them 3 star is all of our food came out at different times.
Ordered delivery tonight. Pizza was warm but flavorful, the hell wings were weak ( the jalape\u00f1o pepper slice was hotter) but the delivery girl was sweet, she knew my son and lives nearby thought of everything we would need-thank you Linh you were great!
Don't bother! Pretentious, over rated, and boring. Just keep driving or go back home and make Ramen Noodles.
The burger was great. The sweet potatoe fries good could have used something else to stand out. Great selection of draft beers along with a list of bottled beers. And the shakes AWESOME. Must do if your in Vegas
Fantastic Pizza!
James is a phenomenal massage therapist. The place is really nice and super professional. The floating bed is unbelievable and the infrared heated bed is very relaxing. I bought the membership five months ago and I am not sorry
Started in the Surprise, AZ office.....Had cataract surgery by Dr .Fintelmann in this office.....Very pleased with the outcome. The surgery office is run smoothly and in a way that does away with any stress.\nAzkarol
If you're looking for big portions at an affordable price, look no further. My husband loves their crispy corned beef hash and I like their Mexican influences dishes. \n\nHot and fast food mixed with friendly service goes a long way!
Very nice cocktails, but very dependent on how dense the crowd is.\n\nWhen not too busy, is a great place to spend a night.
Great new restaurant!  Homemade food, sandwiches, and desserts.
It's Very Close To My Home, But Gym To Small, It's Very Clean And Well Taking Care Of
Been going here for awhile, but just now getting around to reviewing -- salon is newly remodeled - very clean, bright atmosphere.  Jessica does a fantastic job on my hair and is very reasonable on prices
Really disappointed in the food here. Enjoyed our meal at the Gilbert location when it opened and thought this location would be just as good when it opened, but it was super average. \n\nI will go to the other Postinos owned restaurants in the area before I come back here.
The food was bland and barely edible.  The beef app was a joke.  It had no flavor.  Even the mustard didn't help.   The caesar salad was yellow.  Not even a shade of green in there at all.  The lobster bisque lacked flavor.
The food here is delicious and the staff is always very friendly! My personal favorites are the Roast Beef sandwich and the Chicken Caesar Salad. Not to mention that they serve the best potato salad I've ever had. Stop by for lunch and I promise you won't regret it!
Excellent Italian Food!  I've been a few times and the Happy Hour is the way to go for value!  In a nice/new shopping center Town Center Mall.
God I loved this place when I visited Edinburgh. I was a poor traveler who had to watch her pennies. I got the best bang for my buck here. Wish they had a store in New York City; so it goes.
Yummy for me tummy!
This place is now CLOSED.
Inside the Planet Hollywood!  Lobster on a stick...what could be better? However i am not a fried food lover...also it looked more like larger shrimp than a lobster tail. $14.95 for one piece...i can do without =/
Gourmet burgers and friendly staff. My favorite is the Shogun, signature bbq made with Wagyu beef, and the pineapple ketchup  with fries, and the Chicken Caesar salad.\nAlways consistent.
Oh my god this is the best Filipino truck in the history of Filipino trucks the staff so friendly the owner came out and talked us everything was wonderful I highly recommend following them on Facebook or Internet at WWW.omingskitchen.com
Worker at the Casino recommended this place. I ordered the Prime Rib. It was good but it was $42!!! I can get a prime rib special anywhere in Vegas for $10 and just as good. Bottom line, the place is good but way to expensive.
I regret staying there. It was super loud in my room on the 17th floor until 1 - 2 am when the carnival bar (an open air nightclub) closed. It was easily 80 decibels in my room.  Yuck yuck yuck.
The venue was fun and the food was pretty good but the service was below average. Bo, our server did not seem to pay any attention to us and getting anything (food order, water, check, etc) took forever!! I would probably come back for a concert but most likely not to eat.
never had a hot dog like this and the fries are amazing!
I remember going here a long time ago and not really seeing anything that vaguely resembled Thai food on the menu.  Still, I remember the ruby quail being really good stuff.  A whole fried quail in this tasty red sauce and surrounded by vegetables.
Don't think much needs to be explained in the way of letting you know about Walgreen's.\n\nThis location, however, does a good job of maintaning wait times in line considering just how busy they can get at any given hour of the day.
Drive thru is super slow. No one in front of us had an order more than 2 drinks. They need to get it together. Go to the Starbucks down the street inside the smiths on windmill and rainbow.
This movie theater went from awesome to complete crap when AMC took it over. From the popcorn to the lazy unmotivated staff, this place is a far cry from what it used to be. Will not be coming back here ever again.
We came to Vegas on a very small budget. We got the buffet of buffets deal and ate at le village, it was lovely. The decor was beautiful and the food was outstanding. We even decided to return for dinner. Very pleased with the entire experience.
Not fresh and overpriced. Service lacking.
This is a very busy Strip McDonald's in a food court. The prices are inflated. As far as service, it is okay. To be fair, if I were to rate the physical place I'd have to rate the Monte Carlo Food Court.
I had their cheddar and grilled onion burger.  It wasn't bad...
The best sushi we have had in Madison- and we love Muramoto. Surf n turf roll was amazing!  Will definitely be back.
Really the only place to go for donuts. It's fairly priced, the donuts taste great, and the employees seem friendly. The best part is that I can get my donut fix at anytime since they're open 24/7.
OMG! The full Montague is the best sandwich ever!! Perfect amount of everything. Highly recommend the macaroni and cheese as well; its worth the money!
The BBQ here is incredible. I got their large platter and all of the meats were delicious. They also have a large selection of beer on tap.
You better go there with an extremely huge appetite,  food is awesome, very attentive staff, I will hit it again when in Vegas
The restaurant was clean and the people working were friendly.  But, the food was just okay the corn beef was sliced too thick and it was tough.
Fun bar in Greentree to catch up on my sports and relax with friends. Great drink specials and reasonable prices. Large beer selection. Service is great and food is surprisingly good. Had the Cajun chicken pasta that was huge and really good. I will probably be eating it the rest of the weekend. Pool table there and TVs all around.
I had the Penne Puttanesca and it was great.  We also ordered the Frito Misto which I recommend.  It was spicy so watch out!  This place is cute and it's an outdoor-like setting inside the Forum Shops at Caesar's.  It's fun to people watch :)
Good buffet, all you can eat style restaurant. good variety of sea food, and some sushi, although i didn't eat any, my brother said it was good. good place to go for the price.
Delicious sammich. I had the godfather on sourdough. Very good! I would have rated them higher but they cut my sammich in half without asking.
A remodel on an old spot done right!! This place is just great! I'm so glad Stacy took over this place. Please keep it up! Fast & Friendly! Love this place
Way over priced.  Food was okay but definitely not one of the best buffets in town.  Highly recommending passing on this one.
Hoofah.
We always come here when we go to Vegas. My hubby loves their prime rib. They have good selections and the food is generally of very good quality. There's always a line to get in, then a line to get the crab legs. We've never had trouble with the services either.
Best Chicago style pizza you can get in town. We always get the meat lover's for pizza night. If you like really good pizza, this is the place for you.
At Rita's kitchen restaurant staff is somewhat condescending; I got the entre size salad on a dish so small that is difficult to eat out of. Food is OK, expected. Big hang out place, bar area seems to be more popular.
Horrible service, hookah blows, cocktails are terrible and outdated... Plus they have a dress code when their own waitresses wear tie dye wife beaters.
Theyhave a huge variety of Rust-oleum paints..so many colors to pick from!
All the tapas I've had are good.  The sangria is also good.  The place can be very noisy so don't go if you're looking for an intimate dinner.
Decent place to get drinks. Do a little homework on the drink specials. football is better now that it is not a gaytriots (patriots) bar.  You will have an awesome time as long as you go when there is a special on your poison. i like fridays... 2.50 kiltlifters.
The Steelers are the coolest team in football. They have the best colors, city, history, most fans, etc. \n\nAnd they pretty much dominate.
This makes some pretty decent tacos. It's very similar to Filabertos and Del Taco but a little cleaner. They have the normal things like carnitas, chicken and shredded beef. I always see the drive-thru packed during the week which means the locals in the Red Mountain and Las Sendas area.
Slow service and meatballs came out luke warm. Salad portion was really small and it came out at the same time as our meatballs. Pretty much all the bad reviews on this place are true, we won't be back.
Okay store.  Still have a lot of empty shelves in the store, great way to compare with other Asian supermarkets.  I think I'll pass and go somewhere else.
I came by on a Sunday in desperate need of a pedicure after reading the review below but Envy Nail Spa was closed so don't go on Sundays. When I actually get my nails done here, I'll write more and hope to bump up the rating.
Place is pretty good its a gas station... 4 pumps next to a busy intersection... and also it has a small parking lot... other then that its a circle k
It had no taste. Ordered many different things and was left unsatisfied.
So we sat down and didn't get our food before the show ended and they said we had to leave. We already ordered our food... Unacceptable service!!!!
Always good. Specialty pizzas bring us back..
Pretty darn good. Family business which is nice to support. Great neighborhood restaurant vibe. The bbq is above average for Charlotte. They recently moved to a new location but it's very very very close to their old one . . . pretty  much the same shopping center.
Reg at the Scottsdale one.  1st time here rude service!! Wanna be hipsters that play to cool for school work here and food isn't as good as Scottsdale location.  Never will go back always pass it up on that side of town
Happy hour is great and the bartenders rock!! If you're going, find a seat at the bar...best service and a view of the passer-bys on the strip makes for good people watching.
Poor service. At table for 20 min without anyone taking drink order or greeting us.  Chips and salsa didn't arrive for 15 min. Wouldn't recommend
Trend vape is a cool spot to go to I got recommended by my friend Ricky ... he's got some good juices good prices too I will definitely be stopping by again soon
Sat on the outdoor patio on a clear, sunny day and enjoyed a stunning view of downtown Pittsburg above the converging rivers. The calamari was good, suggested that an option of sauce be offered. The remoulade sauce which came with my grandson's crab cake sandwich was terrific with the calamari!
Food was good.  Service sucked.  As many people said, the wait staff did now know what the food was.  Also, they forgot to give us things we picked.
Breakfast AND Dinner are amazing! The staff is pretty wonderful too! A+
amazing view!!!
Wife's food good. Mine fair. Waitress bad ! Parked in adjacent parking lot , waitress to validate parking ticket, didn't and couldn't leave parking lot. This sucks! Can't even buy ticket ! Had to back and get ticket/ token to leave! Not going back!
Yuck. Found a foreign object in my fountain soda. Strange flavors in the food. Very spendy.
Great food and Reasonable prices
Friendly leasing agents!
Had an appointment scheduled but when we showed up, was told person wasn't there who we scheduled appointment with and then they told us to pick our color and have a seat as we may be waiting awhile. Such a disappointment because I used to love this place!
Lola, la la la la low la\nla la la lowww laa huh\n*great service\n*good prices\n*terrific coffee\n*cool interior\n*down the street from my house\nxtra theoretical star for being named after my favorite song about a tranny
My husband and our neighbor goes here all the time.  So we went, the waitress was friendly, she talked about there football specials ect.  I got the breakfast sandwich with bacon.  It was good, taste just like mine at home.  I might go back from time to time, it's not on the top of my list tho.
Here for a conference and had a 1 hour break for lunch. There were 5 of us. Some of the worst food and service I have had. Two of my colleagues food was cold and it took forever to get water and our check. I do NOT recommend. Would never eat here again!
Great great food, very friendly service, best prices in town. \nHighly recommended!!!!!!
Clean restaurant but food is very bland. This restaurant would not survive in Southern California where you can find REAL persian food.
We have used All Valley Electric about five times. We've used them to hang fans, installing lighting and repair electric box. They have always done great work and are very friendly and timely.  I couldn't be happier!  Give them a try.
Have been waiting in the check-in line for 20 plus minutes. Line is getting longer & service getting slower. Not the best way to welcome people to Vegas.
I can't say how good the shrimp fajitas are....you'll have to try them yourself. Best fresh flour tortillas served warm. I love this\nRestaurant and have been coming here for 25 years. Try it....
Its a gym that has what you need. Nothing extravagant about this place. cardio machines are upstairs and weights are downstairs. I love this place because it is near my house. I love that I can hit the sauna after a intense workout. \n\nThe spinning class is really good too.
The place is about as authentic as one of those cheap plastic coconut bras that you get for $5 at the ABC store in the seedy part of Honolulu but it is tough to argue with their low lunch prices.  I can tolerate a lot more when it is only $5.
Cute little village conveniently located off the interstate! Full of shops, restaurants, and dessert places within walking distance from a housing development. Great concept!\n\nThe Starbucks is housed in one of the cutest buildings I've ever seen.\n\nStop by, eat, and shop in Baxter Village.
Can't beat their late hours menu!  Food for like $5.  I didn't want to dine in and ask for take out so we can take our food up to the room and be comfortable eating while watching some tv.  So we still sat at a table ordered our food, and as soon as it came we got to go boxes.
Really great little place.  Lovely chips and curry sauce!  Friendly staff, like a true pub as I remember from my time in England.
Show aside. The Venetian Theater had one bartender / server. Never expect the Venetian to have any customer service.hundreds of Vegas tourist ? Genius!!!!  .
So please tell me why this \"restaurant\" stops selling food before 10PM when they are open until 2AM....
Braydon and the rest of the team at Pinnacle Capital Mortgage in the Scottsdale Branch does a great job at understanding your needs and helping you to qualify for the program that best fits your needs. I would highly recommend Braydon if you need a loan for a new home purchase, a refinance, and also renovation.
This place just sucks ill take taco bell over this place and margaritas were horrible just tastes like margarita mix not to mention the prices for the margs were outrageous but then again what do you expect for airport food?
You would think that when you own a business, one would be friendly or at least courteous to customers, especially since there are thousand places you can use for shipping. The owner of this place is do rude. I left without sending my package, who wants to deal with his attitude.
Still a front runner for happy hour drinks and industry appreciation.  Cocktails are awesome, we always end up with 1 or 2 extra martinis down the hatch because they are just so good!  The half naked girls playing violins threw me off one night, but hey, whatever brings them in I guess.  Good flatbread.
Does anyone know what happened to all the upbeat employees? I started going back after 6 months, and now its like the twilight zone in there. its like they sold the business and fired everyone, replacing them with miserable people who act like their working at McDonald's. \n\nWhat happened to everyone calling stuff out?
Great breakfast sandwiches....like Chaz, Callie and Radio City
Service was good and I didn't need to wait long for my pedicure. My biggest issue is that credit cards are *not* accepted. Get a square, please!
Without a doubt the coolest bar in vegas, the most awesome bartenders, the best machines ive played in vegas, and you can get the best pizza, wings, and sandwiches in vegas all in the same place. LOVE them
Great Slovenian wines with fabulous appetizers- all at half price from 3-6.  Best happy hour on the planet!
After many years Julio Gs has shut their doors for the final time. Julio's Too on camelback is still going if you need to get your fix of Julios food. Lots of memories of eating at Garcias and Julios at this location, sad to see it shuttered.
My husband and I went for dinner the other night and there was just one woman working.  We ordered water for drinks and after sitting there for 20 mins waiting we decided to take off.  Really really bad customer service.
I had a chicken sandwich with a house salad . The food was very fresh and flavorful. But we were a little up set by the service. It was so slow that the appetizer came after the food.  Probably won't be back anytime soon.
Not a great show. The host was ok, first act was good.  Headliner was the opposite of good. Extremely disappointing.  Disappointed overall. Go to another comedy show if you can. Or know the comedian before you go.
I have the pork dumpling which is really pretty good it was fried with a nice brown crust . is a little bit on the pricey side for what you get but otherwise pretty good
Thanks Yelpers! This is such a locals only spot! The food was incredible! Everything we ordered was awesome.. Next time we go to Vegas, this will be our breakfast spot.
Chicken is very good. Great texture.excellant portion of food. Price is good for the amount pf food they serve. Wouldnt classify it as the best chicken on the planet but would def. Recommend it if your in the charlotte area..
Bertha's Cafe Just opened up at it's new location, 32nd street and Indian School Rd.!!!!!  I have been going through withdrawl!!! So happy they are open.
Super sexy store....way bigger than the SF location! The girls there were super sweet and had a no pressure attitude...which is nice in the high-end shops! Love the staff uniforms....very cassic! Def. don't need any more lingerie, but love looking around!
We wanted to eat here but the hostess was so rude and indifferent we left. She truly couldn't have cared if we stayed or not. We were ready to spend the $100+ on dinner, but not with that attitude. We ended up at LBS hamburger place and had a great time with good food.
No matter what your fitness  goals are, Physiques' Gym is the vessel that will get you there.
Everyone is going to be talking about this place soon enough if they are not already. I got the El Diablo Burger at one of the trucks. One of the best burgers I've ever had - BUT... it was slightly undercooked for my liking. Visit now before you have to fight the lines.
Best pizza in phoenix hands down. Their portions are huge and the price is extremely reasonable. A must every single time I'm in town!
Prepare to be underwhelmed.
The food was okay but for fast food, seemed rather pricey.  Didn't give me much incentive to return.
Somewhat predictable illusions.  A little entertaining personality and dancers.  Good for kids.  With some better illusions and more show, it could be good.
The management consist of six-fingered, albino banjo players.  This place is a shit-hole... over crowed and understaffed.
Wow. Some of the best Thai food we have ever had. Crisp Duck salad, tom Yum soup, Wild Curry Shrimp, Sweet rice with custard. All fabulous!
So so. I guess. The food really wasn't that great. Plus, some little kid coughed right on me.
Good barbeque, even better banana pudding. Customer service is the best you'll find. Definitely why they have been in business so long.
Ordered the Diamondback triple pizza, which was delicious. However, the awesome service was the thing that really stood out. Our server (Brandon) had a ton of tables, but somehow managed to provide better service than I've seen in a long time.
I STILL can not believe people like the steaks at this restaurant. Go figure!
Stayed here 2x now. Love the room layouts. You have to try the pastry cafe in Aria. Pricey but OH SO Good !! My only complaint is that it gets very smokey !! I will be back.
Dancers were over the top sexy. But to call this a \"metal\" show is a stretch. If you consider Rush, Whitesnake, Van Halen and Nickleback metal, then you'll like it. The closest this show got to metal was 10 seconds of Korn. Good show, but not worth it.
Great food nice people they don't take American Express and I'll never eat here again. If the owner is too cheap to take American Express forcing me to pay another was to my inconvenience than I won't patronize them at all
Average location in every way except their drive thru is NEVER open??? So why, do you have one exactly?
NOT a fan...anymore!
I've experience better as this is the \"tween\" hangout on the weekends. Sadly (for Harkins), I am an NCM (AMC) loyal customer. The staff is friend and helpful.
Good food and great ambiance.  Quaint little place.  Great spot to stop at when you are done walking around the capitol for the Farmers Market.  Madison excels at breakfast so I can't say this is the best place but its worth a try.
My 3 yr old loves getting his haircut Here! I highly recommend Lori ! She is the best :)\n\n(update) my 3 year old is almost 5 now and we still love going here & still see Lori for his haircut.
the best of both worlds!!
This place is phenomenal! Hands down, no question about it. The people behind the counter treat you like family. My only gripe is that the location is not more spacious, it can get very crowded during lunch time. The cheesesteaks are flat out the best I have ever tasted. Give it a try, you won't regret it.
Nice course to play right off th eplane great bang for the buck!
First time at Baci.  Food was very tasty and overall a good experience. Would definitely go back.
This is a good place to meet up for drinks and some appetizers. Small cozy place with a european feel.
Giant boots filled with beer, giant pretzels with cheese, live Polka music, college servers in dirndls?\n\nI can't think of a better place to act like a Deutschbag.
Really good vegetarian food. The spicy po boy is delicious and so are the chilli fries!
Good bloody's but the food quality is very low and pricey for what you get. I ordered grilled shrimp salad and the shrimp were bits and pieces of shrimp and not a lot of them. The Mother Nature sandwich was delivered incorrect and was missing the main ingredient - the portobello mushroom. Disappointing experience.
This place was great... I enjoyed the food... the service... and the fact that I didn't have to valet my car and didn't have to walk 10 miles to my destination...lol...  Overall.. it was great...
The apple fritters and the French crullers are great.  I mean, really, really great.
Once again not nuts about this place.  Food seems to have lost its flavor, the front counter folks could put a smile or two on their faces.  I cant stand when someone hates their job and you can tell!
This is the best Chinese food I have had ever. It is legit and super cheap. Always well worth the $5 I spend for the 2-3 meals it lasts me.
More for my buck!  $3.11 per gal today!
I don't understand what is so great about Sunroom. The potential is all there, but the food is just mediocre... Service can either be good or awful too. Madison really lacks a great brunch place (that is reasonably priced). Too bad....
The Mango & Cream Bars and the Chile Spiced Mangos rock my world. Thank you for bringing them into my life.
Went for happy hour, great food and wine! Nice and relaxing setting as well. Will be back!
My office orders from here quite regularly, and the past few orders have been \"off\" - overly doughy and the cheese has been unusual in flavor. May be a salt imbalance? Toppings have been light as well - several slices from a recent pepperoni pizza had no pepperoni. \n\nHmm.
Carry out order.  Quick service and polite staff. Ordered salmon; quinoa and arugula & beet salad.  Delicious.
I was disappointed that it cost $15 to go through it, even if you stay at the hotel. I even showed my room key to the lady at the desk and she still wouldnt let me see it for free.
Love this place.  Everything on the menu is great.   BUT,  they keep it too cold and windy in there.   The ceiling fans are set for winter instead of summer and you have to dine with cold air blowing on you and your meal.  Not good trying to enjoy the food while being made uncomfortable.
Great happy hour deals, great margaritas, great service. Definitely could become my favorite.
Line was long and they had very deceitful advertising on the price of buffet. Friendly cashier, she listened to us complaining and she kinda took it but then charged us full price. :)
Great food, great beer selection and great staff. Seriously, check it out.
First timers with a large party. Everybody liked food and service except the halibut was awful.
Over hyped, food doesn't have that much taste, but it is a long wait!
Not goood, number 40 isnt as good as the people here says. The fish isnt fresh either. Will not go to this place ever. Number 40 was dry. Number 38 was not as juicy as they say. Not going to try again-_-
Can't believe I'm the first one to write a review for this pharmacy. The pharmacist/s and staff here are so incredibly rude. I've even spoken with the regional manager, but it did not solve the problem. I have switched to Walgreens at McClintock and Warner and they are wonderful.
My insurance company listed Airpark Collision Center as a repair option and I'm so glad I called. Great work, great service and great people - I couldn't be happier with the entire process. If I need any body work in the future there's no doubt who I'll call.
They \"donate\" almost everything you bring in.188 donations in one year! I have heard they have an underground shop in Prescott. I will never consign there again.
The M Resort reached out to me and offered me a complimentary buffet meal. I don't live near Henderson,NV Like I am going to drive all the way back from Southern California just for a buffet meal. Unbelievable.
I love this place! Diane has been my stylist for over a year...I found her with a Groupon and I have been more than pleased!  She is very friendly and efficient and always gives me a great cut and color!  Recently, I had Diane put extensions in my hair and I absolutely love them!  She does an awesome job!
This place did not seem clean and smelled like moldy towel. I don't think there is much more to say about that
Overpriced and tasteless. Do not waste your money. The main dishes here had no taste. I think the chef was asleep. My family was totally disappointed. By far, the worst meal we had in Vegas. I would have enjoyed Burger King.
It's a Burger King like any other.  I prefer their reheated \"flame broiled\" burgers over McD's.  It's serves it's purpose and it's on our way from Big League Dreams to the US60.
Pretty picked clean for dudes right now.
One of the wrost places to stay at, avoid as far as possible.
The food here is awesome. I always get the half chicken. If you get corn tortillas it's a healthy delicious lunch. Remember, it's cash only.
Classic, slightly kitschy Italian. Good food... although, like any good Italian restaurant, I recommend it as THE event of the night. Don't plan on going out after dinner to bars or dancing... you'll want to slip into a happy food coma instead.
Recently received a gift from this store.  WOW!!  I got a box of matches, thinking it was another box of chocolates!  DO NOT buy any of the pre-packaged gifts/chocolates from this store!
Rolls where pretty fresh tasting. Not bad for 20$ under new management price. Not sure for how long its up so take advantage!! Sushi maker Bon is on point and attentive Korean BBQ is under the same roof too. All in all good experience. Kanpaii!!
Came with a group of 7, they put us in a side room where we could talk   Great beer selection, unique and interesting appetizers. Two of us had steak, came perfectly cooked.   The burgers were awesome. \nWe were not rushed, food was great, beer selection was good and we could have a reasonable normal volume conversation.
I have been coming here for over 10 years. I admit, it was better when Elle was here but I have always been treated well. They live my daughter, 11 and are super sweet even when she asked for weird things like skulls on her toenails. More than worth the 20$ I spend on a pedi.
very helpful and knowledgeable bike store!!
Great service, great food, and friendly staff.
I was really looking forward to this place. The beans and Mac n Cheese were great. The meats were dry and tasteless.  The service was very friendly and the prices were fair
I think so my best things here to eat our breakfast burritos.they also have really good specials throughout the week and you can't go wrong with her combo plates.
God bless this place. Bad ambiance, bad location, and unsavory people.lurking outside sometimes, but the food is the best I've had in LV. The signs are all in Spanish, but they have pictures and the cashier we worked with spoke good English. Definite dive but worth it.
We went for breakfast. It is all I can review. It was ok, nothing special. The servers were pleasant. I am not sure I would go back. I have had better breakfasts at other places for half the price.
Horrible.  $24 for two burnt, but delivered pizzas.  Kinda like getting screwed in the drive-thru.
I met with D'Lisa after my first post and she did a great job on my eyebrows after discussing what I was hoping for. I have been back twice since and am happy with the results. Thanks D'Lisa for taking the time on my eyebrows and making them look good.
Totally take advantage of. Watch what they charge you or you will end up with 850 worth of charges for two people. No warning either and very disappointed with Caesars to allow this to happen. Would not recommend unless you have a thousand to blow for mediocre service and food. Would give zero stars but this website would not allow me to.
My friends were in town and wanted to eat Thai food. It's was almost midnight so I don't know what was open. We decided to drive through Chinatown to see what we could find. Ended up here at Krung Siam. Good authentic Thai food, good service, full bar and they're open till 6 am.
Pizza is very good!  Patio is nice and well shaded.  They will allow pets on the patio if well behaved!
This is Steve Wynn's new show. \nWonderful presentation. Amazing talent both dancing and singing. Awesome costumes. Very accomplished orchestra. This show is a great experience. \nWell worth seeing.
Simply outstanding park, with a breathtaking view of the Pittsburgh skyline and the Roberto Clemente Bridge. Everything about this park is spot on, but my favorite feature is the \"out of town\" scoreboard, which features runners on base, as well as at bat and pitcher details. Ideal.
Cute ambience. Great location.  They got everything right but the food.  The menu is too short with none of your standard breakfast items.  We came hungry and left hungry.  Unfortunately, we won't be returning unless the menu changes.
CLOSOSOSOSOSeeedddddddd \nThanks god Shit hole
I've been eating and drinking at Glass Nickel for many years.  The waitstaff is wonderful, the food is delicious and the drinks are strong.  These days we order delivery about once a week and are never disappointed.  Our order is always received in a much faster time than we expect!
Wasn't happy with the service.....or lack of.  It wasn't everyone (thank you to young lady that asked if I wanted anything and the one who apologized), but one specific server who made the experience negative.  In the area visiting but I know I won't go back to this location.
better than any club where people are trying to look good. you'll be missed.
I should of know better than to have an Angus burger at a vegan - veg rest. I got the worst case of food poisoning in my entire life, was in bed for 4 days.
When I first moved to Arizona I used to obsessed with this place.  The hummus was amazing and they had some delicious entrees.  Now that 5 years have passed, the novelty of Pita Jungle has worn off.  Now it seems like everything is oversized portions with bland flavors.
Was a great place. Ordered pizza and garlic knots and both were fresh and hot.  The crust flavor was much better than chain store pizza That was a few weeks ago and we went to order again this weekend and heard on their message they are closed permanently. Hate to see a great local place close.
Checked it out. Its ok, fresh organic food is always great but price is a bit more than china town where produce is larger, just as fresh (still has dirt on it!) waaay more variety and cheaper. Ok if its close to you.
They were very nice at this location.  They were out of plain ice tea at 9pm, but offered to make more so my mom could have her tea.  The food was delicious and just what I expect from penn station :)
Great variety on the menu.Service was awesome. I did not care for the chicken shawarma wrap but got it switfly changed to something else. They get really busy at lunch time. Our server Annie was very friendly and efficient. My only gripe about the space is it gets very loud. Other than that, I am a fan!
The quality of the cocktails is completely overshadowed by the high prices and the really poor service.  It took over twenty minutes to get our check. Not cool.
Bacon wrapped tator tots.  'Nuff said.  I love tots.  And I love bacon.  Put the two together and I'm a happy girl!\n\nAside from the tots, Fran's offers a nice menu with great dishes.  You can't go wrong when dining at Fran's!
Watch the illegal maids.  They will steal anything.  They are the worst!!
The place was awesome! All the food was right on point. We ordered appetizers, and dinner, each meal was perfectly spaced out. Even the side salad was delicious. You can really see how much the owners are involved and care about their business! Way better than a boring chain restaurant.
Our absolute favorite place to eat!!
Food was awesome no season needed the rice was off da hook. Very friendly staff will b back soon
Awesome cut and color!  You'll never be disappointed! I have been seeing her for about 13 years and have never been disappointed.  I will continue to drive from Maricopa to see her in Youngtown because of fair pricing, good fun and fabulous hair care!
2 stars and five words: GO TO THE BELLAGIO INSTEAD
Yelp you didn't fail us here everything was great we split the orange chicken and the moo shu pork with the combination added the fried rice the egg rolls soup and entres were all excellent the food quality blew jasmine at belligo out of the water.
This is one of my fave places to hang out.  I love the swinging chair and the red bean bag.  I also love the pleathora of board games and nerdifacts.  I have spent many hours here improving my brain.
For me, the food is just ok.  This place has a beautiful wait staff and is fun to drink at with friends so that is what saves it.
Another sign the economy is improving ... Flemings has tightened up their Happy Hour.  Gone is the seared Ahi and the classic martini.  The happy hour drink and food specials that remain are tasty but just don't cut it  due to the limited selection and small portion sizes.
It's Oktoberfest all year! For $5 you can get a half shot on a test tube and a paddle spanking from a leather clad lady. The food is ok, you are coming here for the experience. It's a fun place that is different then the strip.
Over priced and sloppy work! Will never go back!!
This is a great little family owned place.  Sat out on the patio surrounded by flowers.  Hubby had the mussels which he said were delicious.  I had a turkey panini with sweet potato fries that were both yummy.  I will be back!
Love this place. Just took down the shrimp rolls and some pho, always good no matter what time.
Just a little update I forgot to add that the building may be old and dated but the place is the incredibly clean you can eat off this floor anywhere in the people are so nice check it out.
BOMB BOMB BOMB!  KoMex Fusion nacho fries are amazing!  Also had the enchiladas, SUPER!  This is one of my favorite spots to eat, GREAT food, service and very affordable!  You have to try it!!!
First time here. Ramen was very good. Sapporo style which I like. Gyoza was frozen and not home made. For a ramen shop that's unacceptable. 3 stars for this place. I will b back for the ramen.
Love supporting local businesses and I'm not a fussy eater but I've had better frozen pizzas that weren't burned. Crust was horrible and the vege toppings came from a can. I really don't understand how this place stays in business....
Went in for a stereo and speakers. I was attended right away and it was installed in about 1 hr for a fair price.
Great customer service as she helped me find a good gift for fathers day...  Good prices too..
Somebody close this restaurant down, doesn't matter how good the food is because the atmosphere is concentration-campish and the staff are like Nazi prison guards.
Elote(corn app.) is awesome here.  Ambience is colorful and fun.
Huge slices and amazing service. Their pizza is so good and by the slice. One slice feeds two easily!
Pop corn here is amazing and it goes with the drinks, but do not try cocktails here. I ordered a Mojito it wasn't good.\nFood is average.
I think it is a great neighborhood restaurant. I am not particularly knowledgeable on Korean food, but my husband and I like this place a lot!
Really hard for me to write the review as the manager of the store appears to be an honest and kind person.\n\nIt is apparent that there is no quality control in place at this shop.  Perhaps they need to reconsider, or at a minimum re-educate, their mechanics.
Great place to sit outside, mediocre food and drinks but I would go back for a low key lunch on a beautiful day.
We have been here a couple times and it seems like the food quality and service has started to decline.  I guess they are too big now to keep the quality, too bad.
Parfait pour une biere festive entre amis\nAttention le week end les chaises se font rares.
Lake Las Vegas for dinner?, inside or out (although it's 105 deg outside and it's almost dark) jazz concert via the patio or inside. Great!
If you are looking for a low carb option for a keto or Atkins diet, the South by Southwest Cobb Salad is so good! I had them replace the carrots with more egg and bacon!
Really enjoyed the burger and Old Bay Fries kicked it up a notch.  Great place with an excellent beer selection
Wow, this place is crazy!\nWords cannot describe it - you will have to go see this for yourself! \n\nThe food was good, of course it was because its nowhere near healthy!\nA place worth checking out one time.
They need to get rid of the carpet (HAVING CARPET IN A BIKRAM STUDIO IS CRAZY), and ask guests to dry off so they don't leave puddles as they walk.  Also, the teacher could suggest modifications for people with injuries.
Family of six. Enjoyed our meals. Great flavor. Very good service. We thought it was relatively inexpensive for the experience we enjoyed.
I have been here twice, now.  Once, I got a dinner entree, and the other time, a burger.  I was extremely happy with both.  The atmosphere, location, and staff were also pretty good.  Definitely worth checking out!
Love this place. The ordering process is less than ideal but the food is amazing. If you want Mexican but something a little different than the regular...try this place. The mole fries are amazing. Everything is homemade and fresh. Huge draft beer selection. Good for picky kids, too.
This place rocks! Cute and small with amazing food. I was here a few days ago and found the prices reasonable, the atmosphere homey and the food amazing!
I watched the employee cleaning the tables then WITHOUT washing his hands he gets my food and brings it around.  Ewwww is all I thought. First time visit became my last
Was in town on the grand opening with my 10 year old daughter, and even she thought it was lame. Very disappointing in comparison to Hershey's in PA, I expected a much bigger, more interactive experience. This is just another ho-hum retail store on the strip.
Great location!
We only had drinks at The Old Fashion but it was a fantastic experience. Our bar tender was great and made my new favorite drink. He heated up a snifter glass with boiling water and dumped it. He then put in Grand Marnier and St Germaine (1:1) and put in a twisted lemon peel. Incredible.
I loved this place before, but the new updates put it over the top!  Awesome decor, great menu, and as always, an incredible staff!
Service was great and the blooming onion is always good. Just wish that small sirloin didn't cost 10$. 4 stars for the service.
Super clean, super friendly, and super nice attire. Definitely recommend to anyone looking for nice clothes at a reasonable price.  Emily the owner helped me feel welcomed and I will be returning for sure!
The 3 4 1 happy hour really means they will take one drink and mix it with water and pour it into three glasses for you. It may be a \"new\" bar but it is worn out, it would be nice if they invested some money in the replacing the duct taped vinyl seating.
Yeah it's close to everything but the rooms aresuper dirty. I would never sleep in this hotel again.
No Bueno on the green corn tamales and the service was terrible for lunch.
The atmosphere is very dark and you feel almost closed in.  But the food makes up for it. The greek salad and the tikka masla is really good.  The workers are all tatted up and seem kinda unshowered.  The happy hour has good car bomb specials.
It was a done deal after we saw Snow Flake shaved ice right next to where we were having lunch!  The whole family shared a large ice with black sesame and strawberry ice, red bean, Oreo, and sweetened condensed milk toppings!!  Completely awesome.
nice place with lackluster service and food. Depressed staff and McDonalds quality sushi... good for a quick stop if you want quantity over quality...
I've always loved Indian food and this is definitely one of the best on campus! You gonna love the tasty curry and the naan!!!
This is no frills traditional Italian food and they do it right.  The pizza is the best around...I'd recommend getting it with Italian beef.
You will never leave here hungry!  Such generous portions and great prices!
I only give this one star because they charge $25 for a haircut.  This is in Henderson. .not in Las Vegas and they are asking for $25 like they on the strip ...Heckkk no.
Was there on Saturday night with some friends. Excellent Go Go Rice, delish sushi. Just wish they had black napkins for those of us who wear black. We looked like lint catchers when we got up to leave.
I can't believe I never reviewed this place.\n\nBy far the best record store in Montreal. Most interesting collections, both new and old, most fair pricing, and old school knowledgeable staff. I love Cheap Thrills so much.
Best. Thai. Anywhere.  Better than anything I had in Thailand.  Better than NYC.  Better than SF. Getting the picture?  Make a reservation.  Fills up fast.
Went there for lunch on July 12 on the 2 for 1 the hotel gave us.  Pizza was ok and ribs were pretty good.  Other than that nothing stood out.  Many things were edible, but not a lot of flavor including the pasta bar where they make it for you.  Go elsewhere this one is a dud!
Seriously AMAZING! The Pastrami burger was so delicious and huge! Tons of pastrami! Also had a side if fries which were delicious and perfectly cooked and seasoned! Wonderful lunch for under 10bucks!
Dirty and low brow.... I can't even pretend to dig this scene.
I have been trying for over a week to contact Doug for quote.  Not sure if messages from the website are not being relayed to him properly or what is going on. But, the unresponsiveness has definitely put me in a bind for a ride to a concert this weekend.
Food is not bad. Service is lacking. Everytime I go, they always seem to be rushing me or they're just rude. It's close to campus and convenient though. It also opens earlier than most of the food places surrounding it.
This was a very bad experience for my kids and I to go to ; first of all , the service wasn't great, the food was terrible and I thought it was very overpriced. I ordered fajitas and they tasted very much like a \"chemical taste\" . Not impressed and I won't be going back there.
Well, it was not amazing. There are better places in Charlotte to get sushi. And we were over charged for our drinks! Aside that, the service was great and the place is nice. Would I go back? Likely no.
Great place! They will order stuff for you from other stores, no shipping, and the best return policy ever! If you don't like it...return it. Christian is the Man. Thanks for all the help.
Diner food and there ain't nothing wrong with that! Without even reading the menu, my eye caught the specials board and I had the two eggs and pancakes special With coffee and tip, well under $10. A pretty good deal for a nice sit-down breakfast.\n\nI would absolutely return!
Decent C+
I love this place & got a belated bday bowl. The food is great. Sometimes the service is hit or miss. Like of your explaining the new concept to someone at the bar area let people who are hungry & waiting behind who know how to go in front.
Worst service ever they are rude unprofessional and don't care about customers I will never come back and I hope whoever is at charge do some big changes
I used to come here back in the 90s when this was a great bar.\n\nWell it's no longer the 90s and it's no longer a great bar.
The service was horrible and the food was mediocre at best. I waited 25 minutes after ordering for my bland portion of prik king to come out. After eating, it took another 10 minutes for them to actually notice and bring over my bill. Will not be returning.
Maybe it's just startup issues... Waitstaff, cook and  sushi chef were not on the same page. Lots of confusion. The nigiri sushi was okay - middle of the road. The new owners have spruced up the place from the previous owners. Just average.
First restaurant I ever visited in Belmont and still one of my favorites! Japanese fast food without compromising quality. Recommend trying the ginger sauce over the ubiquitous shrimp sauce. $.99 onion soup is a nice appetizer. Lots of young wait staff (highschool aged).
The side dishes are AMAZING!  I would drive an hour to eat here, but am lucky enough to be a 10 minute drive.  Its hard not to get one of everything on the menu
OKAY so im not a big fan of this place,but everything else is soo far from me. I will say though I do enjoy the carne asada fries hold the pico. I also love grabbing some cucumbers and radishes mix in some lime and salt and BAM awesome snack!
Outstanding work done by a very friendly staff. I've had my car back from them over a month now, and my vehicle looks just swell!
Don't get the chi foot massage. They advertise pressure points and reflex. I spent $125 for someone to rub my feet. It was terrible. No skills. They need to change their description and their customer service. Very unsatisfactory.
Again a definite yes!\nFresh, tasty, generous portions.\nEasy to pick up and they also offer 5 mile delivery.\nGlad to see them doing so well!
A place with mysticism, with a very warm atmosphere old. I was lucky to try their famous canolis and other sweets more and they were amazing. and everything is awfully tempting! an excellent option to pause in little italy
darn good fatty slice of pizza, except it can be pricey. i work in the mall so i get a mall discount, but even then a small salad is $5.50 and a slice of pizza is $4.00. \n\nwhere's the $5.00 lunch special?!?!
I love in-n-out but this is one of their busier stores that I have been to! The food was good but service wasn't exactly \"in-n-out\".
I want a jim and coke in pint glass....no we dont serve like that.....well wont come back ever. ..such not  a big deal....
Service was spotty.  My soup came at the same time as my entree.  My fish, the halibut, was undercooked and flavorless.  Would not recommend to anyone.
Yum yum yum!!!! Best buffet in vegas!!!! There is everything and anything your heart desires! Service is phenomenal too! Save room for dessert, and the best part is the big guy cutting all the smoked meats yelling out WELCOME TO BACCANO
Flawless, comedic, erotic, stunning - NOT FOR KIDS - performance. I love Cirque du Soliel, this show is perfect for couples. Just fabulously gorgeous. Highly recommended.
This place was amazing. The crab cakes were great as was the crab! The service here was amazing and the owner was the nicest guy! I will definitely eat here again and again.
I can't really say too much about the food because we didn't have a chance to eat here.  We waited so long at the front without even being greeted that we just walked away instead.
The food is decent, not as good as before the move, but still good. They get bonus points for being open late, which is always a good thing.
Really friendly atmosphere in this clinic - always offered a refreshment and a friendly smile whilst I wait for my doctor! Chiropractors there are also very helpful and take great care whilst adjusting you.
Love the Shepherd's Pie and Mac & Cheese.  There is something funky with their AC in the summer.  Maybe a Swamp Cooler?  Dunno but food is good.
comfy, awesome, cheap, free wifi that never shuts off, outdoor seating, funky setup, interesting magazines, right on the lightrail route.
Service was excellent. \nFood wasn't. \nExcept the chicken letters wrap that was fine\nAnt the banana desert taste unique
Went there for happy hour with a friend recenty had two beers, their version of egg rolls (or spring rolls or whatever you want to call them) chicken wings, and \"soi\" sliders (ground pork with awesome buns) between the two of us. The bill was $25 total, awesome value and everything tasted great.
I thought this place had a lot to offer. I didn't think the options from the cola bar was all that good though. I thought would be amazing creations but there were only sodas. The merchandise was a huge variety and the green screen with the polar bear was nice.
Saira always does my hair. I don't even have to tell her what to do and she does a great job. It's fast and she provides pleasant conversation. All for a great price.
This was my first time trying Culvers. It's nothing special and is comparable to Wendy's or any other fast food burger place.
Pizza Giardino was so good.  My rhubarb  & rye cocktail was excellent.  Staff was friendly and knowledgeable.  Met the owner and he made us feel welcome.  Brittany, our server, A+.  We shall be back very soon.
This location is ok. The staff is friendly. The location could use a regular deep cleaning with attention to detail
The food wasn't bad, but it was incredibly slow service. It took forever to place an order and there was no one in line. I probably won't be back .. I can't stand slow service
Been here three times now over the last few months and the food and service never failed. The tandoori chicken is amazing! Have had it three times now and it didn't disappoint! Another favorite is their malai kofta! So delish! Definitely recommended!!
Always clean!  Great flavors and an awesome rewards program.  If they had whipped cream more often I would have given them 5 stars.  I haven't experienced bad service.  The staff has always been friendly.  One tip, if there is a large line in front of you, you might want to wait.  It melts pretty quickly!!!
Very good, like a hot pocket on steroids.
very good coffee, great service & owner is super nice\n\nif you are near this place and want a drink... DEFINITELY go here!
Pretty darn good pizza and great appetizers.  The staff was friendly and the place was clean.  I enjoyed the atmopshere.
I love Aloha Kitchen. Been coming here for years. The chicken katsu is great. Highly recommend. Make sure you bring an appetite. The mix plate portions are pretty big.
the staff was cool, the place seemed clean but my tattoo was not as good as it could be. something i wanted for a long time is now something i regret and will have to have fixed by someone who can do it right
Iced coffee in a mason jar ...love it!
Excellent service and great burgers as well as salads. Fast service and a nice atmosphere
Believe the hype.  This place is great!  I take every visitor we have to Cornish Pasty.  I have been here almost 10 times now and I am still finding new favorites on the menu.  All the Pasty's are awesome.  Even the pasta salad is great.  Great place!
Very good- I like getting the white pizza on half and another flavor- like the special(like supreme) or the spicy chicken if you like hotter sauces....quick for takeout too!
Food always comes in a timely manner. Although the service could be better. We always come back because the pizza is perfectly thin, crispy, and always has just the right amount of toppings. Always cooked perfectly.
Best show ever.  The prior description of Borat meets Cirque du Soleil is quite accurate.  Front row is well worth it - so long as you don't mind being part of the show.
Just blame it all on Lenny. It's his fault. And you're not wrong in saying so. After all, Lenny's asking for it with that attitude of his and all.\n\nOh, and James Caan is cool. I love Elf!
Great portions on everything. Always have doggy bags!!!!  Love to stop in after the movies a GVR.
This place is totally rad. \n\nThe beer is great and the food is interesting--I had bison pogos the first time I was there. The patio in the back is comfortable and the inside seating isn't bad. \n\nThe prices match the quality, which is good.
I found nothing wrong. Nice staff. Food was fine. No complients here :) mananger was super cool.!
Here for one night with my family before flying back home. Fresh, fun and inviting. Loved the pool and friendly staff. \nMy daughter loved the free snacks and photo machine in the lobby. Gallo Blanco next door is amazing - went for dinner and breakfast!
yep , its a starbucks. \nactually a dead starbucks. was able to walk right up to the counter. It is a nice place to get a drink and relax.
Love this place. It is the best. Good curries, fresh vegetables, good quality meats, reasonable prices, and generous portions. If you want Thai try this place- it is well worth it.
Very nice venue. Great food! Decent prices for a $$$ place. Ossobuco overcooked unfortunately. Would have been 4.5 stars otherwise.
What a wonderful french bistro in the Venetian Hotel.  I loved the french toast, smoked salmon mini baguette, and the scrambled eggs special.  The service is excellent, of course.  Overall, great restaurant for a decent price.
Amazing!!! I tried their Nutella-banana-nut crepe at the Old Town Farmers Market in Scottsdale, AZ and it was simply the best Nutella Crepe I've ever had. Keep it up!
The casino is a good place in general. It's off strip and more laid back, the bowling alley is a huge plus.  I brought my family downstairs and played a round. This place is huge, the people at the counter are really friendly and it's amazingly clean for a bowling alley. (from 3/2014)
I never grow tired of the dancing water @ the Bellagio!  One of the great things about Vegas is you can enjoy a free show like this!  \n\nThis makes up the portion of the free \"water\" show in Vegas!  Head to the Mirage to see the \"fire\"!
This place is alright, there's just way too many bastard kids running around.  The only good thing about this mall opening is that it makes seeing a weekend night movie at the Esplanade a bit more pleasant, clearly this is the happening place to be for yuppie spawn and I couldn't be happier.
I seriously don't know why people love this place so much, the food here is horrible. The rice is never cooked properly.. And it's not even Asian food. It's fake asian food. I never come here anymore.
This is the first pizza place I went to the day we moved into town.  It was decent.  Their wings are great!  The garlic bread with cheese is huge and delicious.  Drink are just fine.  Overall, seems like a solid place to go watch a game or have a beer and pizza.. or wings!
This place is just amazing and I love the feel because it's not too big it too small. The food taste great and everything feels like a down home Southern BBQ. They don't hold back on anything, it's like being in a butcher shop.......freaking amazing!!!!
I had heard abt there so called BLIZZARD but was very disappointed with the taste or   Flavor or I would say was that an nice cream
Sherry is the best barber in town.  I have gone to her for years and will not go anywhere else.
Calzones are the best.
Review is just for the AYCE menu.  Good selection, they even have sashimi.  But tuna is frozen tuna.  Salmon was excellent.  Went there twice in one week and both times,(someone else's choice). they were out of uni. Service is great and the hibachi meals look great!
I too should have looked at Yelp. Shitty food but they sell Guinness so they can't be that bad. Shitty food. Don't eat there unless you have had shitty food before
If you wanted your chocolate fix, this is the place. A wide variety of chocolate drinks and foods. Love their shakes! Can get packed, as it is a like on the small side.
Gonna make this short. The food sucks. Can't believe this place exist in the land of Lexington style BBQ. Server was nice. Only reason I'm giving 2 stars.
What kind of restaurant makes u wait in line OUTSIDE like a night club??!! Good thing it's not 110 outside. But the door guy swears people will!  This girl will not in the summer, no matter how good the food is
Love this place. They have unique desserts here considering they have a candy shop within the restaurant as well. Candy bakes pizza to amazing milkshakes. Defiantly a spot to hit up.
Came here with my bf on my recent vegas stay.\n\nI ordered the duck & foie gras ravioli.......\nthe best morsel I have ever eaten.
Fast & friendly service, consistently delicious, always a favorite!  Parking is convenient and the single fries portion seems bigger than other In N Outs.
Passed by and it is CLOSED! Signage is off, fence surrounding it. Done.
Great space with a beautiful view of Camelback and Paradise Valley.  \nWas here for lunch but would love to come back some day for some drinks at sunset. \n\nTheir drink menu is also superb with alot of interesting cocktails (both old school drinks like the Sazerac and newer mixes).
Totally agree with the other reviews....hit or miss. Sometimes it's cute and sometimes it's not.
Orient House was our go-to Chinese take out restaurant for ages, but the food has unfortunately gone downhill with the recent ownership change. I ordered the shrimp fried rice and the shrimp was cold and rubbery; prior to the ownership change I'd never had a less than stellar experience.
It was alright.. I've had better pizza elsewhere. The staff seemed too bust to \"deal with me\", but hey, maybe I just went on a busy night.
Still good stuff. If not so pricy, I'd be there more often.
What a great experience! \n\nGreat staff, hygienist is amazing and friendly, state of the art equipment, and the dentist is personable.\n\nI am a very happy patient! :-)
I don't get the hype.  Their donuts are decent but overpriced.  Poor customer service - cashier acted like I was hassling her when I asked what flavors different donuts there were.  I love that they are open late, though, and they do satisfy the craving in the wee hours!
Great food stand tacos! You can choose from a wide variety of salsas and other toppings. As travelers passing through, fantastic Pitt stop!
The food was pretty good, but there was a hair in my sandwich. I obviously couldn't finish, I was very disappointed!
I would normally guve Yolos a 5 for great Mexican food, but the salsa is so bland since they changed it!  Beer selection is good.  Enchiladas are good - but someone needs to taste that salsa!!  No kick at all!  Come on Yolos!  Bring it back!!
There are couple of items I liked but besides that I feel the dishes are either lacking in taste, quality or smelly. Think few dishes are 4days old judging from smell.
When we first got our place in NW Vegas this was a place recommended by friends.  We love it, great food, cold beer, nice people.  We have been there several times and have never been disappointed.
Good choice for a breakfast with free wifi. Sandwich is reasonably priced. I ate ham and cheese.
The bartender was rude, she didn't say thank you, or smiled. 2 drinks that we order she didn't specify which one was which, will not go there again. Don't waste your time or money going there. Worst service ever!
Grade: C\n\nChain food. Okay service. I can't explain why I don't hate this place.
Our favorite Carniceria by far the best meat and seafood available all the freshest ingredients.. small and a great hidden gem! You can't go wrong here!
I had a pretty good lunch experience here, but I do think the choices are limited compared to other places.  It's good for a change of pace though.
Squirrel Hill classic!!! \n\nIt really is excellent pizza and the sauce is so perfect! The dining area isn't anything to write home about - but the pizza is, so its all balanced!
I am writing this not because I ate the food here but because I had to leave. It was my birthday and my son and I went to the movies and then decided it would be cool to spend some more time together and grab some dinner. No one, repeat no one greeted us and no one wanted to take our order. I won't return.
Its a cool little spot, good food and caters to the younger crowd. Not that they won't give you the same service if you were older but the decor and ambiance is more for the younger hipster folks.
Love this place! They have a cafe, bakery, restaurant, and grocery all in 1 place. \nI can't read any of the labels but who cares! :) \nGreat prices on produce, you'll see things you'd never find anywhere else in Charlotte.
This palce use to have the best fried chicken until they stopped changing the oil! I defintely can tell the difference when the oil isnt changed! I tried this 3 different times and still the same taste old frying oil taste!!! This ruined it for me otherwise it used to be good!
Very typical Chinese food. Although the decore and tableside presentation were nice I felt the food was nothing to write home about. I have eaten here several times hoping to find a dish that was really good, but to no avail. It's not bad by any means, just nothing memorable or craveable.
Was a little disappointed in the lack of sushi grade salmon and tuna at this \"Asian seafood market.\" They sell green tea mochi though, so I was at least happy to find that.
Put it this way: Every guest I have in Phoenix, I force to get the Monte Cristo at Morning Glory. It is just that good.
I usually Order from here a lot, it normal takes 20 mins for them to get here but today when the answered the phone the lady was RUDE!! & Deaf. They took an hour to get here but all in all it was delicious
I love this place! I even moved about 15 minutes away and tried out other nail places but was always disappointed. $20 pedicure and it lasts an hour. Never have to wait either.
This place is a really fun stop. They have hand crafted cocktails which are fun and a great beer selection. Don't forget to go out to the back patio and take a ride on the teeter totter!
This place is amazing.  I need to get my pictures of my food on here.  I love it and I will wait however long to sit here and enjoy their delicious breakfast (which is the only thing I have ever had).  Love it.
ok prices, barely ok food, works in a pinch.
This company is fantastic, my thanks to Jose, Sergio, Luis & Francisco, all family\nmembers what a truly reliable, informative, hard working family.  They did a beautiful\njob on installing carpet, putting in tile and it was cost effective, no rip offs with this family.  What a pleasure, I would highly recommend them.
Went for happy hour, and fell in love with the steamed mussels appetizer. So.good. All the food ordered looked delicious, and the prices were extremely reasonable considering the quality, I'm still dreaming of the food!
Great clean little place, this is now my go to for Mexican food. I got a chimi, and it was amazing. Everything was fresh and made to order, can't really ask for anything more.
Food is average at best.  But last two times the service was terrible.  They need to retrain their servers in customer service.  The only reason for the 2 stars is that there is no denying that their cheesecake is excellent.
Great unassuming business well worth seeking out.  The proprietor used to run the famous Pyramid Brewery, and he's put that fruity beer expertise to good use with his yummy watermelon wheat!\n\nI'd go here again, absolutely!
Indeed delicious coffee. \n\nHad a large cappuccino and an chocolate croissant and both were 5star worthy.
Clean, really good service, quiet, and delicious of course. :)
I think this location is closed. Google maps says it is and the website only has a location in Scottsdale and Mesa listed.
great food, great service, awesome slaw!!
Never go to a Krispy Kreme that don't make donuts on site! This one does and that free warm donut fresh off the conveyor is always amazing!
They have $2 BJ with loose rules.\n\nNice.
The calzones we ordered were fantastic. Eat inside. They have a few tables outdoors, but this restaraunt is located near garbage bins and you smell them if the wind is blowing that way.
I love Suzanne the Nail Goddess I can't even sing her praises enough. She treats you great, does wonderful nails and makes you feel very welcome. Only nail girl I'll go to any longer.
The ambience for the most part is great, as is everywhere in Old Montreal. Food is below average and service is below average especially for the price you pay. Heat lamps are not very attractive from where we were seated as well. Ill never be back.
Our go to diner when headed out of town.
2 people paid over $100 for horrible service and nasty food...now I feel even more sick to my stomach :(
It was fantastic completely. Fantastic vegan food. There is something for everyone. There vegan deserts are the best things to indulge on. Who cares about calories there is no milk which is harmful to your health. Also service was fantatic. They were all friendly and greeted me whiling to serve. A+
Cheapest, and by far the best food we ate in Vegas this past weekend!  I now have my first \"must stop\" in Vegas!  I will definitely make a point to stop here any time I'm in Vegas.  We ordered 4 pieces (Pepperoni and Sausage Ricotta). Perfection!
Great bagels, yummy coffee, friendly service. The ONLY reason I gave 4 instead of 5 stars is they get slowed down significantly by only having one toaster. Sometimes it takes a very long time to get my order. Other than that, it's great!
Love this place.  It's become a family favorite, my boys love eating outside and getting dirty.  Occasionally they have live music and it is really good, and I rarely like country.  The food, it's ok, not bad...but all in the experience is 5 stars.
I've been buying from sunflower for YEARS! Beth is truly amazing and very knowledgeable. I really can't say enough good things without boring you. But check it out yourself :)
They serve best miki rice (they call it Sushi-Ko rice) in town, period. Their hospitality is unbeatable. We've gone two years without eating there (we live across town) and the owner still recognizes us and greets us by name.
This cafe is convenient, the food is decent. Hardly any vegetarian options. Employees do not seem to understand what vegetarian means.
New furniture and updated look.  Heard they are going to open another one in Frys so there will be two right next to each other.  Wow!!! I have never had any problems at this location.  It is the typical Starbucks.
Not as bad as people say.... pretty good pizza and their sauce is actually pretty delicious but if I had to pick Grimaldi is the way to go and near by....if delivery Rosati's my favorite!!!
hmm... I'd say this is one of the top 2 buffets in Vegas next to Wynn. It's too bad it's like a 10 mile drive off the strip.
I love Arizona Airbrush Studio. I get a great tan in minutes. It looks natural and lasts at least a week. I have sensitive skin and this is not at all irritating. Staff is also very friendly and make you feel comfortable
I said it once and I'll say it a million times more. HM has one of the worst costumer service out there, but I guess it matches the low quality of product.  I only shop here on emergencies.
Great fresh food, prepared right in front of you. Handmade tortillas are slung on a large circular griddle, just like your Mexican grandma used to make.  The chicken tortilla soup is to die for!
The best place to have dinner is on the patio where you have front row seats for the water show; which are on a first come basis only. If you like/love wine, you should definitely get the wine pairing with your dinner. I really enjoyed the Pumpkin dessert that is made just for the season.
Go, just go. Nothing I write will do their arepas justice. Make sure you hit up the gelato next door when you are done. You're welcome.
The food is not very good.  Chips and salsa are good.  I recommend you leave immediately after that.
Smells better than it tastes! Not bad, sauce is good not great! Cole slaw not so good! Very bland! Beans...husband likes, me not so much! Would I come back....MAYBE!
The food was not delicious and the service was terrible.
It's an alternative coffee chain to Starbucks. A little pricey but the sizes are a little bit bigger. Their iced soy chai is really yummy, don't forget to ask for cinnamon on top - which is my favorite part. There's plenty of seating to study or just hang out.
It's just all around bad.  We've stayed here a few times but it is just progressively getting worse and worse.  The air doesn't work, it's beyond dirty and trying to take a shower is a joke. I will NEVER stay here again.
Yesterday was the first time I've ever been to Mimi's and it was pretty good,  I got chicken with asparagus and mashed potatoes and it was yummy, especially the chicken.  Not too fancy but a nice place to sit and have a pretty good meal.  Good service and reasonable prices.
Terrible service. Uncaring manager. Mediocre food. First and last time here. I should have checked yelp.
Veteran from 1989 and finally switched ALL my banking over to USAA.. I should have done this when I first learned about USAA... \n\nMember now for about 4 years, great customer service, and all their apps work great, !!!
I don't know why it took so long to get my order. Why it didn't come with anything on it, and why it tasted so bad. But it did. It was cheap though. So really I got what I paid for i guess.
The Best In-Out Burger in Las Vegas. Great service and the fastest drive thru window! Oh did I mention the fries:) to die for!
Should have read the menu online. Didnt realize it wasnt Italian, but a Pizza place. Had lasagna and it was really good. But the service was best. Very helpful, pleasant and nice man served us outside. They mentioned they will be relocating soon and hope they add to the menu.
SMG seems like a very similar  concept to the restaurant  that failed before it. I went there last night and was disappointed. I was really hoping to be surprised. The service was poor and the food not very good. I really hope they can turn it around. Don't want to see the space empty again.
Tasty and quick asian lunch spot in downtown charlotte. Nothing amazing, but freshly grilled in front of you as you wait.
the kale salad is the bomb!
This my family and I's go-to spot when we need fast, good food. The waitresses (yes, they are all chicks) are always very nice and on top of it, which in sports bars really is a toss up. Good food, fast service, nice staff - good place to go.
This place is delicious! A must if you're visiting Madison! Everything here is top of the line. I would recommend just about anything on the menu. The Graze burger is unlike and burger I've ever had, needless to say it is amazing. It is slightly expensive but totally worth it!
This restaurant has closed, only a few months after it opened.  Too bad. I ate there twice and enjoyed it both times.
Clean, uncluttered store. Always love shopping at Ross!
This place has put the meaning of wait into waitstaff.
Very beautiful resort filled with roman statues, fountains, columns, etc. The architecture is beautiful and I was very impressed with the curving escalators. There's lots to do in here and there is a little bit for everyone (shopping, restaurants,   etc) to enjoy.
My little taste of a famous New York Italian ristorante in Sin City! I'be become a regular. Thanks Robert and Mike for excellent service!
I don't get the hype. The food isn't anything special. The price is a little high for the food you get. The ambient, well it's a diner. Somehow, my friends seem to love it. I feel like I only go here either after the bars or in the morning after a night out at the bars.
The Sin City burger was simply amazing! And thanks to Carlos I signed up for a free milk shake for my birthday:)
Food is absolutely not up to par for Montreal. Service is horrible. Been waiting 25 min already for our bill! Skip this place
Poor Silver Mine Subs being right next to Subway. Unfortunately, their subs don't do much to differentiate themselves from Subway which makes Subway the better buy. That being said, they do have much more amiable employees than the Subway next door. Also, there's free wifi here.
A decent time. It was mainly hip-hop but at least it was good hip hop and not any of that ratchet rap.
Kinda pricey.
Surprised this place got such good reviews.It just seemed like bland, lukewarm food and tasteless sauce to me. The ambience left alot to the imagination too. Server seemed to have too many tables to keep up with. I feel like Olive Garden has more flavor than the food I had here.
i absolutely love this place. Its the first place I tried sushi and I got hooked on their food. my favorite is the crunch roll and the chicken bowl and their really great with special requests:)
I only give it 4 stars because I ordered a catering for 12 people and it was 20 minutes late. Food is typical Cheesecake Factory - very good just beware if you cater to order with plenty of time to spare.
I'll summarize our experience by saying we had to wait for 70 (!!) minutes to get our food, which was a terrible experience given that we were with small kids that didn't have the patience (nor did we) to wait so long.
This is a Kewl place.. They have really good drinks here
The only element that ever changes around here is taplist and the selection was outstanding, per usual, yesterday afternoon.  Oh yeah, and they remembered to place our food order...good times.
The food was horrible.
My rating went down, because I love F&E ... But not when the lady I always see there is rude... Sorry F&E .. Dont make me drive over to 7th..
Great pizza and perfect wings. Service was good. Couldn't ask for a better dinner that night. I recommend stopping if in the area.
One of the best meals I've had...high west rye and delicious food.  Every dish was awesome.
Very disappointed. Cupcake was dry. Purchased on a Sunday early afternoon. Wondered later if they were Saturday's cupcakes. Guess so. Won't be going there again to spend my hard-earned money on stale cake. Sorry, Sweet Daddy.
This is one of my favorite Japanese restaurants.  The Dragon Roll is my favorite.  And happy hour makes it even better. This place is always busy. Great atmosphere and staff. The town square location is always great before or after a movie.
I have a business that I store extra supplies in my storage unit close to my office. This location has always been so friendly and helpful Shirley goes out of her way to take care of all her customers. Just wanted to say how much I appreciate the outstanding service I have always received here. Thanks! Highly recommend this location if you need to store.
I recommend the mango steak salad and the chambord margarita. I'm glad they came in to the area I no longer have to drive to the Tatum location.
First time in Vegas and I stayed here. Decent room loved the set up of the gambling floor. Awesome restaurants and friendly staff. I would come here again.
Great drinks and food there ! Everything is made fresh. All the staff I have met are soooooo nice and funny. I love going there on Fridays for Open Mic they give you free salsa and chips too and 10% off! woohoo !
Love the location on the strip. Rooms ate nice. Woman at desk accusede of making a racist comment and what she repeated was not even close to what i said. We did get free upgrade
just cause it's right here on the main strip, doesn't mean that the service is better. try getting your food in 10 minutes from the time of your order.
Good service, they got the two stars for service. Terrible food! I would not recommend coming here. The scrambled eggs tasted like buffet eggs. Gross! We got old fruit and stale toast.
Pathetic place, worst food. I tried vegetarian food for dinner buffet and it was no where close to average food. Decided never to visit this place again.
Javier was vey helpful. He educated me about selling my Rolex, things to expect. He took the time to know more about my watch, like the model number and description at no charge.  Thanks Javier.
I have been a member here for many years.  Lately, it has gone downhill.  The equipment is frequently broken, despite complaints from the members.  One of the best spin instructors left because of this issue.  It is extremely hot in the cardio area - too uncomfortable to work out.\n\nI would recommend going somewhere else!
A bit pricey for what you get. Overall a great time with good food. Split the combo for more options and enjoyed it.
stewardess can I have another drink? Nothing more than airplane food in a nice place won't return
Mile Auto Repair has provided awesome honest service for our family.  I was driving down the road when my check engine light went on.  So I immediately turned around and headed for Mile Auto.  They got me right in fixed the problem in no time.  Its nice to have an auto repair shop that you are comfortable with for routine maintenence and emergencies.
Don't go out of your way to get there because they probably won't be open. They were closed early the last two times I went there.
Good. One of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. Went yesterday with family and enjoyed oysters(very fresh). I always like appetizers more than their entrees
If I had a child, or if I had a woman who claimed I had a child and I believed her, I'd bring that child here and drop that child off on the counter and trust that that child would be well cared for... That's how much I trust these bastards. They're the best of the best.
The coffee was great but the downfall was the limited pastries and things to eat. I've haven't seen it this low at any Starbucks location so I was pretty turned off.
The food is always good. ...However the service is not and the owner never shows customer service instead he makes you feel like you're an inconvenience to him
This is the wal mart of tools. Things are cheap but low quality.  I'm writing this as I stand in line with one register open and 15 people ahead of me in line.
They now serve SPAM MUSUBI on their menu!  But not as good as the ones you find in the lil' Mom & Pop stores in Hawaii.
Las Vegas has some great sushi restaurant's,  kumi is not one of them.  The service was decent but the sushi was not fresh and over priced.  If you are looking for good sushi on the strip my recommendation is Japonais at the Mirage.
Marathon is consistent and delicious. I come here with my family every time I'm in Montreal. I always get the double stick dinner and I think the food has actually gotten better overtime. When I was there last, the chicken sticks were noticeably larger. Always stuffed when I leave and am very pleased with the overall food and service.
Although this is airport food, it was Not that great.  The menu is super generic and pizza is way too much crust and very basic ingredients.  Would expect more from a place that specializes in pizza.
We've been there a few times and everyone agreed, it was just ok and that we've had better.  We've had better tacos, we've had better pizza, we've had better burgers.  Its nothing to write home about.
I am not a huge fan of Dixie's but on occasion with a group of friends, its an ok place to hang for a few beverages. However, I have a lot of friends who are diehard Steeler's fans, and this is their fav place to gather and watch the games.
Fun while it lasted.
This is a great way for all to learn the way things were done years ago and the great advances in the way they are done today.
First time here and will tell u we sat there for 20 min and didn't even have anyone approach us for a drink order! Everyone that came in after us had service and drinks right away! First and last time we will ever go there! Guess there was a reason we were avoiding that crappy service establishment!
Service 8/10 \nFood 9/10\n\nTruffled Mac and cheese amazing!\nFoie was excellent'\n\n2 mains could have been better..short rib special and the rib eye
On my next visit to the city this is where I am going to stay. Very nice rooms and the staff are great.
It seems management has told the sushi chefs to exercise portion control. We were served a roll that had so little of the spicy tuna that the end pieces were all rice. Fry's fresh sushi counter serves better rolls! And it's less expensive!!
First off, this place reeks of urine! I ordered the pulled pork sandwich. it was disgusting! The bread was soaked in grease, you couldn't pick it up like a sandwich even if you wanted! The pork meat was very mushy and not pleasant tasting at all!
Great show, 75 min went by so fast... very entertaining
Not authentic. But again, this is not New York....
They close by midnight. Maybe they should update their business hours both online and posted.
We got invited here, but this place blows.\nSome nice girls here and there, but too crowded, awful service and the place stinks (not in a good way).\n\nSave your money and go to the Spearmint Rhino.
This is the worst idea ever. The bus tool forever because it kept stalling and we had to stop on the strip and everywhere else. I never did this shuttle before and I never will. Not worth the ten dollars you save one way. I almost got out and walked if it wasn't for the two suitcases. Bus 2058 needs repairs.
First time I stopped there was after 6 pm on a Friday. I didn't realize they closed at 6 pm on Friday. Went back the next week for lunch and had a chicken burrito. Nothing terribly adventurous but good quality food at the right price. Service was exceptional. They do most of their business for breakfast so I must return
Food is great.
Food is great as is the service.  The restaurant is large so there is usually no wait.  This is a great family spot.  Give it a try.
It's not the greatest nor is it terrible. It's a decent buffet. Came here during lunch. They had pretty good selections. $12.99 per person for lunch
This place has a nice layout, beautiful outdoor seating and calm inside.  Not too loud atmosphere.  Cool music too!
Paid $1100 for the required course - party of 6 - and unfortunately did not come close to feeling satisfied in any regard - sorry guys - not a fan and way overpriced
I love their special vegan menu with a lot of great options. However, don't attempt to sit to long in the booth or you will be asked to leave even though the place is not even half full and your bill is over $200.
5 stars fo sho! I had never been to a tailor before and Dennis had come highly recommended. He took a lot of time to explain, educate and make me feel comfortable with the experience. The tailoring made the clothes look and feel great. As a bonus, the owner has a rad personality and is a lot of fun.
Super knowledgable owner Rachel helped me figure out what cheeses I needed when I was indecisive and what they wet well with.  They were all excellent and my wine and cheese party was a success!!  So nice to finally have a true cheese shop in Charlotte.
I like Indian food on the spicier side, and they got it just right.  Their saag has a pasty, airy texture.  Overall, quality buffet.
Avoid dealing with Rory Agnello. Rude, abrupt, arrogant and dishonest. Enough said!
Bulwark moving company is the best out there. You will not be disappointed. They are honest and not to mention strong! Try them out now!
Great beer selection on draft!
Chocolate heaven ! I want to go back to Vegas just to eat here!
nightmare! the reservation line and hosts are not on the same page, we waited for an hour in line anyway for overpriced, average at best food and elephants that were heard but not scene and \"under construction\".
Quick and convenient. Ordered the chicken quesadilla :) pretty great portion for airport food.
The Yard House, for me anyway, is strictly a happy hour stop.  The beer selection is first rate with too many on tap to count.  The food specials during HH are great.  The entrees are ok but if you're in this neighborhood you have dozens of better options.
Wednesday Lobster special was rubbery & over cooked.\nVery disappointing. Not impressed whatsoever :-(
I'm glad we live close. If you walk in you wouldn't think much. But the food is amazing!!!!!  Well worth checking it out!!!!
Always excellent. The falafel balls are incredible!
Yesterday, not only did I receive the slowest service I've ever had at a Chipotle but one of the staff members, April, was extremely rude...she gets paid to take orders not the other way around
I've tried just about every burger on the menu and each one was amazing. You cant go wrong ordering food here. Not quite 5 stars, but close.
I love this place .If somethings not right the manager will take care of it.We always get wonderful customer service and the taste is consistent.
Pizza is awesome, Wings (house flavor) are awesome..  I live down the street from this place, and get stuff delivered all the time.\n\nThe bad review post is total BS.  This place is all good.
Was 2 stars for very average bar food... until my four year old got sick off of their food.  Cute girls doing all the work, but no redeeming qualities after that.  Do yourself a favor and go to the Yard House downstairs instead.
Fist of all you all make me sick. How can you talk smack on sonic when they are dope as hell. They are the only fast food corporation that serves the cutting edge new meat product 'bully sticks'.
Went here for lunch with a co-worker and food was good. Very clean and food was fresh and hot.
Yay. Cafeteria food. Yay.
Decent spot, about what you would expect from a brew-pub.  This was my first time trying Four Peaks beers and I thought they were ok.  The food was your typical pub far, but much better quality.  The hummus stood out.  Would definitely return if in the area.
the only reason why i gave this place  3 stars is because the food is great,, service is super slow every time i seat at the bar..... love the nutella pizza
Felt like I was walking into a cave. Fortunately I got out with out with only the tiger shrimp appetizer. Could have cooked it better from my frozen food section at home. Waitress was nice, should have saved her boobs for a dudes only table.
I love the changes.
The waitresses were as advertised (i.e. some great scenery).  We had some wings and the BBQ pork nachos.  Both were tasty.  The beer was good and was served in frosty glasses.
Found this place by accident but very good selection for shave ice. I've been looking for shave ice place when I travel and this place is good as some places in LA and Bellevue. \nI wish they make this place a chain. Would go back again if I'm back in PHX.
I came in about an hour before closing and the staff there were rude. The food wasn't all that good. I had high hopes that other reviews were wrong but I agree that this place isn't all that good. I felt like I could make Thai food at home much better.
Decent sandwiches.  Fresh ingredients.  Not wowed.  M'eh.  Just okay.
they forgot my clucking sauce!! How am I supposed to eat my chicken without my clucking sauce?! My order was chicken nugs whit some sauce. And not to mention home girl look like she hates her job, don't take that out on me Chick fil A!
We had a great experience with Kristi's food tour.......13+ co-workers and a great time had by all.  Learned about Charlotte as a city and new cuisines.  Outstanding experience; would highly recommend!!
Wow, wow and wow!  Been to a lot of Catholic churches and let me say,  they sure know how to put on a show.  I agree with all the other reviews.  Take the time to look at the stained glass.  Very nice
bought a restaurant.com coupon for this place . \nordered the chicken lula & kebob  9.95 $  and \nbeef lula & chicken kabob  10.95 $\nthe portion was really big and the food looked good , but unfortunately it was completely tasteless .
Worse than I remembered it...but that is comparing it to my University days\n\nFood is greasy and uneventful. The drinks were so-so. Although it has a decent patio for people watching, I'd take a pass. There are way better restaurants/bars in Montreal.
this is a big sports book. but, nothing impressive about it. the best part really is its' proximity to the Poker room. otherwise, Meh. I've experienced better.
My husband and I went here the day after our wedding and it was super busy for lunch. The service was terrible. Also this place gave my husband food poisoning and he spent the rest of our honeymoon in the bathroom and ruined our trip. He ordered the chicken tacos. I tell everyone that goes to vegas to avoid this place at all costs.
Service always seems to be good here.  Nice that they have a couple different burgers to choose from with fresh toppings.
Saki flowing. Place rocks. Most places fried rice is bland but there's was good. PS. I'm drunk off saki bombers.
I so appreciate the service and the food. But - you don't seat 4 children in the bar. It's not an appropriate situation for them or for adults without children either. If it weren't season, we would have left.
The service is so slow.  Short staffed.  The lady at the register is very nice and really tries.  They have only 1 person making drinks at any given time and in the morning it is horrible,  Only store in the area.  Avoid!!  Lunch time is even worst.
This was by far the worst service I've had in awhile, the place was empty and our server never came to us. I think if they changed it to a serve yourself buffet it would be a much better place to have dinner
Man, I went there today and wow!  I personally loved this place...it reminded me of a few cafes back home in Dallas, Tx.  If you're looking for a good breakfast place...go to this place!!!  You won't regret it!!!  :)
Gyro plate... ehhhhh. Not as good as metropolitan across the way but they stop serving lunch at 2pm so I had to get my rotating lamb beef fix and I gave it a try. Salty.
Big portions and good food.
Nice standard sub shop, with great bread. Much higher quality than the nearby Jimmy John's and Subway.
This golf course is so nice! \nYou can tell the manager cares about his members and really makes sure your needs are met! \nLooking forward to more events here and I'll be telling all my friends about this place!
My friend brought me to this local spot when i was telling him that I need a place in Vegas to go to that wasnt too commercial. They are a coffee house that has a bar, sells art & vinyl and is located off the strip. \n\nLocals will love this place
I honestly do not understand peoples infatuation with this place.  The fries are terrible and the burgers are barely edible.  I have tried several In-N-Out Burgers to make a fair assessment, and they're all nasty.
Just OK. Will be heading back for a second time to do a rereview though.
Good coffee, thoughtful and nice baristas, and good food. The design of the shop, too, if you're any kind of design nerd, is pretty thoughtful.
Horrible service, mediocre food at best.  The place is extremely dirty and the lunch wait is too long.
Awesomeness....love it!!! Get the mother pucker shots only $1. We actually bought a whole bottle of cake vodka from the manager there. If u wanna get drunk cheap frequent this place.
Tried them when they first opened and went back, maybe two other times.  They are good, but not not really worth the price IMO.
Lackluster hotel that should have been torn down years ago. Stained carpets, long check in lines, tattered decor...\n\nThere are too many other places to stay in Vegas to justify staying at the LVH.
This place rocks!  The carne asada burrito with a side of guacamole and the other homemade salsas is sheer perfection.  Super friendly service as well.
I was treated very poorly by management.
The sushi did not have a good flavor and some of the sushi was just wrong!   I do not recommend it!
Don't let the line scare you they are very quick with the food preparation, and I love the recharge bar concept.
Place is solid for Thai food. Typically we go for lunch with coworkers.  If it is packed, it may take a while to get the check.\n\nFood is good and flavorful. I love the soups, they are a no brainer.
Stellar. The fries are stunning.  Deserts look great if you have room.\n\nIf you want a show in the kitchen, go at a busy time and sit at the counter.
mediocre food and terrible service
Great BBQ. Amazing smoked flavor on chicken wings appetizer, the brisket and Ribs combo plate I ordered .. A must. Very good pricing too. Well worth the wait. The staff is great. Be ready to go through a roll of paper towels it it finger licking good.
The portions are good sized and the price is fair, I just prefer the sauce and macaroni salad at ONO over this place. The staff are friendly and fill your order quickly.
Came here for a late dinner. \n\nJuicy Moroccan Salmon with some fun nuts to join it. The stuffed mushroom appetizers also really delighted our mouths. \n\nSuch a friendly waiter. \n\nWould definitely come back next time to try the beer.
I've been to quite a few Thai places in the valley, and this one wins as #1! The place is clean, the people are nice, and the food is delicious! I also love that when I ask for spicy, it really is spicy and they aren't just humoring me.
mediocre at best.  nice beer list, but the special lady hated her cocktail.  the location was great and being seated immediately helped a big deal.  overall, though, the cosmo is a new place but already tired.
I had the red curry with chicken and I really enjoyed it.  It was rather slow for a Friday night and the servers were kind of slowwww. Took about 10 minutes just to get our drink order and another 10 to get the actual drinks.  So my 4 star review is a generous one and based mostly on the food.
Went here for lunch and had a great BLT that had cheddar cheese on it... Perfect! Hours are Tues-Sat 7:00-2:00 pm Nice little lunch spot and not too far from my workplace. Definitely going back.
If you have eaten at the one in LA (located on La Brea), you will be disappointed here. The selection is limited,  and because it's on the Las Vegas strip, its more expensive. Oh well
It was awesome, I am foreign, to visit Vegas for few time. And I loved so much this experience, sport and outdoor, I never did ATV, but Safak explained to me very well how it's working, to enjoy in complete safety. And the price is so good ! Thanks Detourvegas !
I've been to a few PT's, but this one is my go to spot. Always a good crowd, never crowded, and the bartender Mark is always there to take care of you. Can't complain at all.
The caf\u00e9  is terrible, the entire store looks run-down and disorganized.  I absolutely love buying a coffee and reading a magazine at Barnes & Noble.  But not at this one.  They need a serious remodeling and to clean this mess up.
Even though we had those \"vip\" cards and got in for free, we had to leave after about 15 minutes because that's what you do if you can count the amount of occupants in the club.  They were also giving out free shots to try to get people to stay, it's probably a bad sign.
It is what it is flavored grilled meat with rice and I added veggies. The Mac salad something is missing not the one I'm used to.
Indian junk food. Good when drunk, avoid otherwise.
This was open until 10pm, woohoo!  It was nice and clean, plenty of parking.  The staff was super friendly and give us huge scopes.  I should have gotten 1 scope.  I got the nutty coconut and chocolate almond.  Just as yummy as I remember.
In search of authentic chicken and waffles I stumble upon LoLo's. The waffles were outstanding, the chicken was amazing and my two friends and I hardly spoke a word as we devoured each bite. The place was clean and the service was warm and friendly. Do yourself a favor and check it out. I know I will again.
I always love Kabuki. The food is always fresh and high quality and the service is always good.
This place is a bunch of lying, cheating crooks, especially the management! If they swindle you into their maintenance plan, their employee turnover is extremely high and they send someone new each time to sell you everything under the sun. STAY AWAY!!!
It's very unpleasant to get home without your entire order!  The staff is in need of supervision and training.  It felt like you were in a field trip with a bunch of 5 year Olds running the restaurant! !!
Excellent breakfast with a great view of the pools but the bloody Mary's are a little on the skimpy side.
Holy Crap! If you want to die go to Banner Gateway Hospital....too much to explain but trust me you're better off going to some voo doo witch doctor or doing some home remedies before you should come to this place!
Jim is rude! Don't go here.
This is our go to favorite take out pizza place! We love it! Our favorite is pepperoni , sausage, basil & fresh tomatoes! Their always quick and delicious !                   We've dined there a few times . Its beautiful out on the patio! We actually watched a wedding from there once! Service is excellent too
Thank you so much for bringing a gluten free option to your bruschetta!  Love it!
Choix de bi\u00e8res au f\u00fbt incroyable, super ambiance
Love this place! Seriously, the best raised donut ever. I wish my diet would allow me to indulge more often because I would be here every weekend.
This place is awful there is no security, my car was vandalize and they didn't seem to care, they have a lot of problems here, and one of the worst people in the office is Kurl, he acts all nice trying to get you to sign up the lease and after you do he completely change.
A word of caution. Try not to fly this airline coming out of Las Vegas to (anywhere) a day or two after New Year's! The line we were all in had at least 400 people in it standing outside...in the chilly air....with all your luggage. Not good!
Great for football Sunday! But a tad expensive!
First time visitor.  Food was very good.  Service was very slow.
I tagged along with my husband to his first appointment with Kole. What a beautiful salon and such great people. The atmosphere, customer service and attitude towards their clients is amazing. Can't wait for my hair appointment there with Matt!
This is my new favorite Mexican restaurant in Pittsburgh.  Byob, great authentic food, and nice service.  I have been there 3 times and have consistently been impressed!!  The restaurant is pretty small, so make reservations, bring a bottle of wine and enjoy!
Rushed. Under staffed. Pedicure looks decent. Manicure not worth the money. Disappointed.
Really pissed that this sandwich shop is 1.8 miles from my house and won't deliver to me. I love their sandwiches usually but don't understand their delivery system...thought it was anything under 2 miles to ensure fast delivery.
Basically a different type of curry place... Just plain curry sauce with your choice of meat.... I like it....
Edit
Always awesome!
They close at 9:30pm.  Called at 9:11.  They said 'no.'
This is the most expensive Starbucks I've ever been to!  It was over $10 for: a drip coffee, an apple, a yogurt, and a chocolate bar.  Bleh.  Also super slow service.  But friendly.  I wouldn't complain except for the toxic sticker shock.
The chicken wings are really good and the TV for everyone is really great. Try boneless wings. \nSide dish: if you dont mind a little sweet then you should try the sweet potato fries. \nRanch and blue cheese compliments everything.
Awesome flavors!
I am now aware of the fact that they do not charge covers on the weekends...\n\nThis being the case, I could now possibly see myself dropping by for one cocktail on a Mill avenue binge session, but just one.
Four peaks is known as one of best local places to get a beer. They also have a good menu featuring sandwiches, pizza, burgers, and other options.
Coffee is fantastic and the crepes are good. Service is no different than what I've experienced at other \"hipster\" hangouts; it's a bit standoffish. They warm up to you after awhile though.
While I didn't partake in the supposed culinary prowess of the chef, I did have a couple drinks here and people watched.  And, the drinks were good, not overly expensive and poured by fun, outgoing bartenders.  As I said, it's a great place to people watch.
I have been here 3 or 4 times and have always received great service...the only reason why I come is for the zuppa  tuscana soup and breadsticks so I can not comment on the rest of the food. They seem to have a lot of new items on the menu, including some yummy looking desserts.
Service tr\u00e8s lent , personnel incomp\u00e9tent .
Decent place but the overly loud and neurotic redhead manager/waitress lady is nerve racking!!!\n\nIf you go here to relax with a nice meal and a drink she will kill it. Her loud voice and constant complaining is like nails on a chalkboard
Everything was so bland. It tasted like nothing.
What a fantastic piece of Las Vegas History, Great informative tour of the history of the signs, Totally worth 15 bucks, and it goes to constructing the museum.. It is hot in the summer so bring sun tan lotion and a bottle!
It's a bank, they charge fees and give you marginal service.
Everything about this company sucks. Walmart treats their customers and employees horribly, I mean HORRIBLY! They destroy the communities in which they sit. I'm done, never shopping here again, I don't care how cheap something might be, there is a high cost to low prices afterall...
Been there twice. Great food but buy the wine by the bottle.
Clean, fresh and tasty. A great alternative to McDonald's, with a Root Beer option!
Very friendly , good music playing ! Great great customer service a plus ! Asking all my friends to try it out once and tell me what you think
Do not ever go here. They do not care about service, they only care about getting shutdown. AVOID!!!!!
After viewing my Yelp review of 8/20, Rashid has contacted me to apologize and offer to reimburse me for the second shop's bill regarding the replacement of transmission fluids.
Been there 3 times and service is horrible, there so slow..................................
Everything you need in the area of printing, faxing, photos, shipping,etc.\nLots of self service features if you like to do things on your own or friendly staff to help you out as well.\nSo awesome that it is open 24/7.
Ask for Donald Walker in the Internet Sales department. He is great! Sadly the girl I bought from is no longer with Big Two. So for sure go with Donald Walker. He will take good care of you!
Very solid local breakfast choice. Everything that I've had hear was quite good. The only downside is that there can be a long wait sometimes.\n\nDon't be afraid to try the Chicken on the Coop. It's their version of biscuits and gravy.
Talk about a hole in a wall... I mean that in a good way. Tucked back in a corner of a strip mall you never know it was. Nice if you stay away from tourist like people like Marla (you know fight club). Genuine dive bar.
great brunch...not too pricey
No comment. :/
The happy hour tapas are the hidden gem here...sauteed scallops, sauteed mushrooms, etc. a great value and great food.
I felt that this little aquarium was overpriced. If you've ever been to a good aquarium, you'll be disappointed. They do a nice job with what they have, but it's not all that much and it's not that impressive.
I went here with a friend off of a Groupon.  The food was amazing.  The service was amazing.  Our drinks and chips were constantly full.  The food was incredible.  The outdoor seating is the place to be.  Would definitely go back.\n\nThanks!
Tried out this new place today.   Looks good from the outside and the interior/atmosphere was decent.  Service was not all that great and the food was ok.  Not bad but nothing to write home about.   Overall a 2.5/3 on the scale.
3 words: Bigass Souvenir Shop
California could learn a lot from this establishment!\n\nGreat products!
Nice and friendly staff.  Their fruit slush is especially good.  It's sweet but not too sweet and the ice they put in there is like fine snow!  We are all fans of the Lychee, Watermelon and Cantaloupe!
The calamari was fantastic. The tacos were nice but there are better ones around. Our server was very funny and definitely enhanced the experience. Worth checking out.
It works, don't expect more or less than food court food from your local shopping mall.
God this place was horrible. 9.85 for a cheeseburger combo which wasn't even as good as a Mcdonalds burger.  I went to this joint because after like 1030 pm it was the only place open for food at the IP.  Terrible, avoid if at all possible.
Don't come here from NYC looking for a good bagel and lox, stick w the ice cream.
As a service, they were pretty spotty in the NW of LV.  As an employer, they did pay me money.  But they did also let me go near Christmas.  So, uh, there we are.
Why I cannot give zero stars? The straff was very impolite and unfriendly when i asked some questions about the prepaid cards. They were not capable of giving right and useful information. Bad service!
I had the hainan chicken over rice, it was horrible. Wrong sauce... And I could tell they microwave the food for me...\n\n10bucks + tax for that? I would rather eat McDonald.
This place is good overall accept for the fact I don't like that they don't use plastic gloves when making sandwiches or any food at that matter!
Food was decent, drink was yummy....service could've been a little better, but for a sports bar, it is overall okay.
Usedto come here all the time in high school, but it has slowly become more and more ghetto. A decent mall, cheap stuff.
Not the greatest Buffet at all, even if it was located in a normal city.  The food selection was terrible and food quality was poor. We made a big mistake when we thought to drop in here.
Tanked .Get it?
Had my haircut there the other day and came close to walking out. The stylist name was Melody. She's more interested in talking about herself .the haircut that you gave me I had to check myself and it was longer own one side. Not good
Great homemade french bread does the job.  The sandwiches are really great. Fresh bread and good meat.  Better than subway or other similar places.  \n\nThey only take cash but the low prices are worth the hassle.
Bonnes bi\u00e8res, bonne ambiance et bien situ\u00e9. C'est bien qu'ils aient am\u00e9lior\u00e9 leur menu bouffe.
The views from the patio are amazing! We came here for brunch and the food was great! I especially loved the bread basket! Service was great with no complaints!
Absolute Best Sushi in town!  We come here often!  Favorite rolls are \"what the heck\" and \"screaming roll\"... Love the atmosphere. Love the house music and vibe of this restaurant! Family owned and friendly staff!
Food is good but the service is so slow! We had to wait 20-30 minutes just for each roll up come out.
The price they post on the street (which is the same as their competitors) is only for cash or shell cards. If you pay with debit or credit it is 10 cents more. Avoid being ripped off and save your money and use the circle k down the street.
By far the best meal of my trip to Vegas. I went for lunch. Had olives, the short rib Lasagna, and a cherry lime cocktail. Everything was about as close to perfection as you can get. Can not WAIT to go back!!!
Great bagels and sandwiches. Wonderful people there also. For the first check in we got six free bagels. They are great. Very fluffy compared to most other places where it feels like your jaw is giving out chewing up one. Their bagels are good both toasted and not. \n\nRecommended for sure.
It's ok. Floor was dirty and our waiter seemed almost clueless. Food was good but not \"write home about\"
The Best Burger I have ever had!!  And the parmesan truffle fries, OMG....so YUMMY!!!!
Super busy at lunch but worth the wait. Best Cheesesteak sandwich you're gonna find in Arizona without a doubt.
This is the best pizza I have ever had. The atmosphere was very friendly. The restaurant was very clean. I will be going back for more and I will bring someone with me.
V good service with funny and friendly staff.
Great food, kinda pricey but large portions. Worth it. Atmosphere is country and comfortable. Def coming back. Staff was friendly and plentiful with the coffee. Never rushed us once. There county potatoes are mmmmmmmmmmmm
Generic chain food, most of which is made from frozen out of a bag ingredients.  Don't waste your money or time.  TGI Friday's or Applebee's with a Caribbean theme.
I booked a suite for a conference. They tried to put me in a small room, which was 1/3 the area of the suite i paid for. And told me that it was MORE EXPENSIVE than the king suite. They insulted my intelligence and their service level.
Two fleets of 6 6oz beer tastings, a stolen slice of pizza, and a drunken hastily written flirtatious note to the waitress later and I am Angel's Trumpet Ale House newest fan.\n Expect to see a lot more of this ugly mug, cause ATAH- you're on notice!
Meh, this place is okay, went here for a wsop tournament. It is annoying how you have to take a cab too and from this place. I also saw Penn and Teller here which was awesome, would definitely recommend that. I have heard from a few other poker player that the Rio has huge problems with theft around the wsop
Good for kids they are very kind and friendly
I like this place.\n\nGood food and people.\n\nBut watch out for the lettuce. Whether it is a garnish or a part of an assembled sandwich, the lettuce is always sad, brown, and looks like the bad part of Steve Buscemi's teeth.
Carolyn and Denise did an amazing job cleaning our house. They were on time, pleasant, great with the dogs. I highly recommend them!!!
DELICIOUS sandwich prepared fast and just the way I wanted it!  I'll be back for sure!  Welcome to the neighborhood.
Seriously people, stop going to LA Fitness! It is a business that is fading fast. They bought up tons of gyms, built tons of new ones and became the wal-mart of gyms. Their contracts are a rip-off, their trainers are the absolute bottom of the barrel and their clubs are dirty and crowded.
The staff here is somewhat friendly but their selection is lacking.  I find their prices to be insanely high.  I mean, it's Charlotte not Rodeo Drive.
Great breakfast menu served all day. Fish and chips are excellent. They have a great Mexican menu. Ask for Patty.  She will take good care of you. Good local pub food joint.
Loved the steak tower.
This place was strange, and hard to get service.  Not my kind of bar at all.
REALLY nice vibe. Staff was super friendly and attentive. Not stuffy at all. The food was delicious. The decor is fun (modern/sleek bistro, if you can imagine). Best meal we've had in Montreal.
Place was not clean- tables were dirty, bathrooms were horrible. Too close for comfort at the lanes when bowling next to another family.
food was not very good.
I just had a Pizza !!! and is still the best pizza in town... Love it!!!
They tire I had to buy because mt tire got ruined was way overpriced. I shopped prices after and found I could of gotten for a lost less. I think they took advantage of me because I am a women.  Would not recommend this place.
The service is usually sub-par, and the food is just \"okay\". The prices aren't bad and they have a great location, which is the only thing that has kept my business. They usually have good beer on tap, so that's a plus.
Awful. Took over an hour to check in. Then had to wait 30 min for my luggage. They said they switched to a new computer system but this is unaccetable. I will not return.
Average, not as awesome as advertised.
Went there for lunch. Cashew chicken not on menu, asked and they made it for us. Place was clean, friendly staff. LARGE menu, Large portions...
Very tasty food.\nGreat quantities.\nVery reasonable prices.\nGood service.\nHygienic.\n\nIf they can, they should advertise and expand more!
Walked in and there was no wait. Really friendly people and great service. Highly recommended.
I'd love to review this service but unfortunately I am unable to.  I called for a quote which was apparently too small to warrant a call back.  I found this out after calling back myself.
What is all the hype about??  The burgers are greasy and fries not that great.  Sorry In n Out only 2 stars from me.
I ordered take out and watched my food sit in the window ignored.  While people who arrived after me eat.   Hhhmmmm, this is not cool.  Kinda wish I could take my tip back.
Great place for supplements. They have a knowledgeable staff and have a great selection of product. The prices are about average as well. Not to high but not Super cheap either. They also have a smoothie bar as well that's pretty sweet!
It's nice if you can make it for happy hour before 7. Otherwise it's just average. Bartenders are really nice and personable though which is a plus.
The food tasted like it was cooked with burnt oil. The service was fair, but I would not go back to this place.
Had my first macaroon ever at the Ice Monster Cafe. So delicious!!! :) I will be back for more.
Good food, snobby staff... nothing outstanding about this place.
The food quality was good, not excellent. We did order pick up, I'm sure the ambiance of the place was great. Since we only ordered 2 entrees and it was $50+ Too expensive and not enough food.
Fantastic pizza!! Been enjoying it for 30 years!!
Worst place ever! Sitting here having my dinner and they shut down the hot bar which was fine but the dessert bar too?? I'm still eating my dinner... Confused I keep eating and see one of the kitchen members throwing old food from inside the hot boxes right on the floor in front of us while we finish. How disgusting!
What more can be said. Liked it. Found it interesting. A LOT of reading. Which i don't mind but in a popular museum like this it can get annoying when people are walking/standing in front of you or bumping into you when you're trying to read or watch something.
Pretty same subs as every other location except they charge $2-3 more for the same thing. The staff was pretty stingy with the vegetables too. Save your money and drive 5 minutes to the mineral point location.
Please check to see if your fruit juice is fresh/good. Gold lounge is the only place I went last night. I had 4 drinks over 3 hours. 12hrs later and I'm vomiting something yellow? My first drink was a mai tai. Yikes.  : (
Best customer service. Honest. Timely. fair-priced. The waiting room almost always has homemade treats and is full of family business charm.
Used to be my go-to sushi joint for happy hour... That is, until I discovered Soho. There's nothing wrong with 808. It's just that, compared to Soho, there's no reason to go back to 808..
Just saw a sign on the window that said Cafe Euro is leaving as of 11/19/10 and Damon's will be opening up there.  Interesting....should be a good spot before Penguins games!
No as good this time.  The meat in the Jenni Pho was not fresh.
My 2 year old loves this place! It's so nice to finally have an age appropriate indoor play place. It's very clean, lots of places to sit, lots of different toys for my toddler to play with and wasn't very crowded.
I've eaten at Caramba's a couple of times hoping the experience would be different at different locations. I have to say, the food is awful. Everything seems to be smothered in a red sauce which does nothing for the food. Caramba is the epitome of disgusting, bland Mexican food
Rooms are not bad and the price for the room is \"ok\".  Close to everything.  Seemed odd that you had to pay over $20 for the fitness room.
This place was a great find. I came to buy a birthday present for my friends son. They have so many cool things i didnt even know what to get. I will come back for possibly a gift for myself too.
Great facilities for a \"rec center.\" Ryan at the front desk is very friendly, and has a great memory for guests names, it's cool. Keep up the good work!
Great products and super fast delivery.  Exceeded expectations by a mile!
Tasty food for a reasonable price.  Not the nicest venue however if I lived in Edinburgh I would frequent this place for sure.
The staff was rude and the wifi is useless.
Always a great place to get a great meal. We live nearby and come whenever we want a great meal that is fresh and a little upscale. Pork chops, meatloaf, dips, cornbread.... All delicious. Service had also always been top notch.
FYI. Chili's still sucks.
Great Summer Happy Hour! 1/2 off drinks and discounted apps/sushi.  Been there twice this week. Had sushi the first time and ribs the 2nd. Both we're great. We'll be regulars all summer.
Good food, servers are wearing gloves! Clean place.
Are you are really looking at the review for LJS?  Its fried stuff, with extra fried stuff in a cardboard boat.  You will regret eating it 30 minutes after you finish, but it is delicious.
Great brunch.  Great bloody (and other cocktails).  Great atmosphere. \n\nThe brunch menu doesn't change, but so what. Sardine does it right. Always. \n\nRezzies recommended.
Food was great, service was great! However, the portions were extremely small for the price.
Delicious, finely crafted beer! Good food and friendly staff.
Had a great time gambling and dancing.  Hoped to the Bruce Springsteen tribute but they were sold out.  But a bar had a good live  band \"Harrison\" I think they were called.  Also had a great meal..oh but that my next review..lol
Best philly steak sandwich I have ever had. My boys liked the corn hole game. Would be a great place to have a beer too but no liquor license yet I understand. Owner was present and delivered excellent service. I see a lot of bad reviews based on service but this was not our experience.\n\nTry it.
Fantasy was not a disappointment, Although I did expect cuter girls.
The turkey is very good and tender, the BBQ sauce is good and the sides are good but for a BBQ place, the portion sizes are SO SMALL! When you go out for BBQ you expect to indulge but you will not get to do that here unless you order a double portion.
Great atmosphere and good value pricing!  Our new favorite on the East side of Madison. Decent wine selection at below average inflated pricing. You should try it!
I like that you can order any sandwich with a bagel thin. If you haven't tried one of their sandwiches you should. For the coffee drinkers, it seems popular. Breakfast sandwiches all day!!
I agree with another comment on here...I rarely have cash and I asked if tip could go on card..He said just this time...so I guess no tip next time if I don't have cash...not going back there. ..oh and their prices are higher than a few other nearby nail salons.
Pho is ok, sandwiches are tasty!
I go here every time I am in champaign, and I am never dissapointed!  Food is consistently good, and the staff are always friendly.  I typically order Pad Thai w/extra noodles, Basil Fried Rice, and Red Curry.  \n\nCan't go wrong at this place!
First, the service was amazing!\nSecond, the burger was amazing!\nGo.
Quick, professional, and friendly service. Mention Yelp to get discount. \nSO happy they were able to replace my cracked screen.
Spacious mall. You could easily spend a few hours here. Great location just off the freeway.
I am not sure why this market has such high reviews. In my opinion, it is similar to every other Asian Market in the Phoenix area. I agree with other reviewers that the large amount of empty space is off putting. The customer service could definitely be better. The prices are fairly average.
Tasted OK but wasn't worth the diarrhea that came about 30 minutes later.  Had to visit Fair Trade Coffee around the corner for a bagel to soak up whatever grease was in the Pad Lao.  Ugh.
Wow, our food took 25 minutes in between each dish.  Don't know if this is a gimmick they use for all u can eat so people can get mad n leave n don't eat lots of their food.  I'm not coming again.  Good or not, it was a waste of my time sitting and waiting for food.
Horrible food, crappy lighting, and the monkey sound effects I can do without! The flashing lights and animal cries are just plain disturbing to have going off while one is trying to eat and enjoy thier company!
DIG IT.
I will never come here again! The DJ sucked! All he played were songs on the radio and highly out dated hip hop songs, also kept playing really sad/dark almost scary techno music. And the establishment alongside the staff was horrendous! Worst gay club I've ever been to!
OVERPRICED.\nI paid $11 for a tiny hot dog and chili cheese fries in a medium plate.\nThe hot dog was indeed tasteful and their fries were delicious but definately not work $11
Love this place! \n\nLove that they have locations around town. I try to goto one any time I eat breakfast out the house.
Worst staff ever. Bad customer service. NEVEVE AGAIN!!! I wish I could give them 0 star for this rating.
Store is in Centennial Hills. So it is nice and clean. Associates when requested are always earger to help. \n\nLots of Sports apparel in the store. Dodger, Angel, and of course Running Rebel gear.
Always a great place to fall back on! Really love the carrot raisin muffins, omelettes, and french onion soup!
By far, the BEST live music show that I've ever had the pleasure to see.  That is saying a lot for this 60 year old music lovin' concert attending, young at heart grandma!  Fun, fun, and sooooo entertaining.  I will be back!
Delete the one star and you have it. This place was HORRIBLE. Old and dirty. Complete ripoff. Don't waste your time or money.
Love, love, love this place! Super fresh ingredient signature salads, sandwiches, and soups put together in a thoughtful, creative and tasty way. We are still exploring the menu but have yet to find anything we did not enjoy. The employees are happy and have great pride in the place. Free chocolate dipped strawberries are given with each meal.
Dishonest.\nUnpleasant.\nBad service.\nWork is \"spotty\".\nThey will not come back to rework a house once the check clears.\nStay away.
Had a better 6.00 dollar burger at a famous fast food chain.
This specific location, service was poor, establishment was dirty, carpets looked dingy.  Not appealing. They need to make some significant changes.
Great options for healthy lunchtime favorites. Free frozen yogurt while you wait, or after lunch! And small portions for great energy boosts. \n\n- Hummus Sandwich\n- Side Protein\n- Chocolate frozen yogurt
Solid stadium and the higher seats have a surprisingly good view. The video is great and the sound is decent and a Panthers win always makes the experience much more memorable.
Greasy tacos, the only thing good was the spicy salsa. I got the chicken tacos and they were hella greasy with half-melted cheese.
I don't remember when I've enjoyed dinner company as much as I did here, but for the life of me I can't remember what I ate, and my wife is tired of me asking whether or not I enjoyed my dinner.
First time to Oregano's.  We'll be back.  Extensive menu.   We chose pizza and it was delish!   Music a little too loud but we'll definitely go back.
Best Thai food in town!! Amazing food and amazing prices.
Not that great a place for lunch, a little pricy for the quality.  Bar seemed to be pretty active when I was there at night, better bar than it is a restaurant, crowd is pretty young.
Great beer selection, awesome jukebox, very comfortable.  Decor was tasteful and quite a bit different than I've come to expect from Vegas bars.  By far my favorite of the bars I've tried out in Vegas.
My boyfriend and I serious foodies and I had the best meal of my life here! I would seriously make the 5 hour cross country trip to Canada just for their chicken. It was AMAZING
While it may not be my top choice for fast and cheap Mexican food, you just can't go wrong with Fili B's.  Plus they're open 24/7!!
Re writing my review the owner handled the situation with professionalism and handled the situation with etiquette not displayed at other business.\nI will definitely give it another shot
I used to enjoy this store but the last time I went in I swore I would never shop there again. They have so many pieces packed in that it is hard to even look at pieces of furniture and maneuver. It's frustrating and hard to walk around. Also, the quality doesn't seem very good.
Meh, slow. No service to speak of way too much $$ for the so so food. I walk in the front door, no one greets us. We didnt know where to sit. It was chaotic. The pastries are good, but I wont be back.
The best Thai food in the valley.  Small family run business, great food and awesome service.  When it gets busy it may take a little longer, but worth every minute.
Great food, good selection of Indian beers, very friendly staff....Great price too!  Will definitely visit again.
Counselor's never respond. They are very unhelpful and don't care about registration deadlines. I have 2 days to register and they haven't removed a hold even though I have been trying to contact them for 2 weeks and I did everything my contract said I needed to do and forwarded them all that information.
Can't really say much that hasn't been said already. Great brew with great service.
Hit or miss with customer service... but they always seem to be open when I need them and that makes my heart happy (and coming back for more)
Muy fantastico!!!  Mr. Triny is a very friendly guy and sells some of the best Mexi hotdogs. $3 a dog is a great price. Stop by, say hi and wave to the passing cars! They don't know what they're missing!!
The menu is a couple bucks pricier as many point out, but still very good. The Tiger burger (prime rib on top of a buger) is amazing and many of their own brewed beers are very solid.\n\nPretty big place with a nice, old school decor.
Very delicious blend of spices. Great service! I follow them on FB so I can catch them.
Their salsa has a nice kick .We ordered their wacamole was a nice portion and the chips were plentiful. Their servers are very friendly and always attentive.  We had their lunch  special which is salad plus choice of two tacos we had the shrimp which was very flavorful
great little place close to home just found our go to Thai place. great flavor, great service.
Great simple and easy fare. It is always tasty and a great quick fix. The triple gyro plate will bust your belly!
Evan installed my viper alarm with remote start and it works like a champ!!  If anyone needs iPads, master fabrication, or custom work done then he is the one you should see ... for sure!! Thanks again for the sweet deal too!
Stopped by this place after work for a couple strong margaritas and an appetizer. Feels just like the Super-Mex that was there a couple months ago. Drinks were good, appetizer was good, and the bartender was very friendly.
Didn't realize that this place was more like an overpriced sprouts or trader Joe's.  Thoroughly unimpressed.  On my way to an actual farmers market.
I travel for my work and have eaten sushi at over 50 different restaurants and this place hands down has some of the best and most fresh sushi I've ever had. Highly recommend!
Just had brunch...nothing eggstraordinary (pun intended)!  Hot chocolate was cold, service was a tad slow and Dali's omelette was boring!  If you are wanting brunch, there are many better places in this part of the world.
I'm hooked! All I can think about is their fish tacos and horchata!!!
Great location in new Scottsdale's newer retail shopping center. Decent coffee.
Not as good as I thought! Maybe I had high expectations. I ordered the Neptune and was not bad but did not blow me away! Go a bit down the street to Lawrence! Much better choice !
This store  has everything you need to be crafty. Sometimes it is hard to find what you are looking for or someone to help you find it. When you do find someone to help you though, they are great. The staff is knowledgable and friendly, there just needs to be more of them!
Hostesses are very inefficient causing 50 min wait in line for breakfast at 9:30 a.m. Most items are extremely salty and the quality of food in general is subpar compare to other better known buffets in neighboring casinos. Not worth the wait and money. Drink plenty of water.
best customer service ever, all the servers and bussers worked as one unit. No dirty dish or empty glass stayed on the table for more than a minute. The cheese sticks were also awesome. Went on a football sunday and it was slammed. To preform under that kind of pressure was great. Will definately be back
Went to pick up a prescription to only be told that my medicine wasn't in stock. Funny thing is they sent me an email saying it was ready. Why didn't they just call and tell me
They don't take cards! Yikes!  Food is dull and they will fail no question. Sorry, Chica, no mas.
I'm picky about restaurants, so it takes a lot for me to recommend one. I didn't like the food here and wouldn't go again.
Absolutely disgusting and filthy; health dept needs called. No customer service. Saw 3 Asian men sitting around in the back watching tv. Get off your ads and run your pathetic business!
Bosa donuts are the best! So happy to see a location close by. My only complaint right now is no matter what time of the day we go, they are out of my favorites. Perhaps it is the new location and they are in an adjustment phase as to the supply and demand?  I certainly hope they find their niche!
Walked in, awkwardly sat myself after no one greeted me. Waitress came and took my order (a beer), and then I sat there for about 15 minutes watching her serve everyone around me. Finally just walked out. Not sure if anyone even noticed. So, yeah...that happened.
This is NOT a Green Burrito location. But they have good burgers and decent customer service.
I was there tonight with few friends and it appeared packed but not that packed. We were seated right away but it took over 30 minutes for our drinks to arrive followed by another 20 minutes to take our order and another 30 minutes for our food to arrive. When the waitress brought our food, everything was cold except for the Saimin. #sigh
Cute boutique with all your waitressing needs! Trays, tip cups, clear purses, and more. Owner was very personable and genuinely sweet. Definitely worth stopping by :)
Where else can you find a $32 pitcher of PBR!  served by a pretentious bartender?   The prices are ridiculous and the service isn't too good either.  Even happy hr isn't worth it.  Didn't even get to the food whats the point.
Visited this place from a groupon ad as a visitor from dallas. Coming from a city that is saturated in Tex-Mex. This by far is the most amazing Mexican food I have ever had! Must visit each time I come to town.
I was really disappointed.  We were in on a Tuesday night.  Service was friendly but very SLOW.  They \"forgot\" lots of things.  We received our side item when we were almost finished with our entree.  Food was OK but WAY OVERPRICED for quality of the meal.  I won't likely go again.
great coffee and even better service.  Love these guys!
Ordered from this place and they took 40 minutes past the later time given in the estimate. That is just unacceptable. They didn't even apologize when I called them to ask if my order was coming.
Went here for dinner and wish it would have been for happy hour instead. The wine list is good but the food menu is not that great and is very overpriced for what you actually get. Will try again for happy hour and hope to have a better experience.
Glad to have found a healthy juice/food place I can get lunch at! And yes, I totally \"cheated\" and got the kids Mac 'n cheese... Makes me feel better on days like this.
amazing -an institution in Montreal - !!!\nwent over there and had the ultimate experience for breakfast  the mish mash has eggs and anything else you can think of in this omelet \nany one that is hungry and wants to hang out at a neighborhood breakfast joint \ntrust me this is the best
I love the soup here!  I would go here just for that! Beyond the soup, it is definitely one of the better buffet's in Charlotte.  A little on the pricey side but well worth it in my opinion!
I stopped here to find a particular type of coffee that is getting harder to find.  No luck.  I've shopped at the store before, and I may return but it's a bit out of my way.
I love Ethiopian food and although this place is ok, I have had better. I didn't care for the service we received but the food was good.  There are other Ethiopian restaurants I would pick before heading to this one but if you are in the area and want to give it a try it's a great option.
I go here before Pens games or shows. Drinks are amazing and so is the food! Sometimes it's hard to get the bartenders attention...sometimes you have to walk around and find her/him. Overall, it's a cool place to come before or after events at Consol.
Love the food. Go here a lot and they are very nice too.
Eh....just ordered special noodle soup to go...got back to my hotel and found soup and no noodles... I guess they think I need to go on a diet... no carbs for you tonight! :( Better check your order before you leave :)
the toddy was good, the food not so much. it was pricey and there were a few too many flies buzzing around for my liking.
Came here earlier this year when Avicii was spinning! Oh mannnn. Amazing night! It gets pretty crowded and you better make friends with bottle service tables if you want to sit down! Hahahh but I've always had a great time at XS! Good venue, good company! (:
Store is running on a shoe string, there are not enough employees to handle the store not to mention the employees . Appear to be on edge, which leaves me to be leave there is a management problem
I've had a Cappuccino and it was delish ...\n\nSo will have to pop in for lunch at some point!
Super noisy place, you cant enjoy food, the guy who's at charge of sound barely cares, also you can hear while he is messaging from his computer, and they charge extra fee on everything! (Seasonings and chips). So doubleck first is not bad idea.
If you lock your keys in your car and your phone is dead they give zero shits. I will never come here again, they treated a paying customer like crap. The manager gave me such a hard time about using their phone to call AAA, totally rude.
Waiting in line to pick up ROC Race packet for 50 minutes so far and still not there yet. You would think that Sports Authority, a sponsor, would help organize packet pick up so the participants had more time to shop!
It was the longest wait on drive through...  It was more than 20 min..  I don't know what was happened, but they could find some kind of solution, we just got to stuck...
This is like a grown up disney world. Lots of parking, rooms cleaned so so. They really could brush up on their cleaning skills in elevators, lobbies, hallways. By no means is this a world class establishment.
Best, most fun market in the Valley!
Average bar food with a fairly hearty price. We have been there at least 4 times and had a similar experience each time. It is close and there are not manny other options, however we may not be giving it another shot.
Cold burgers and fries. Order was messed up. \n\nDrinks are good. Called manager (Kaley) to complain. Excellent service on that front. She offered to credit the entire meal. Waited for CC bill and it was indeed taken off.
Went to redeem a birthday coupon. Associates went to make it and the manager came in and stopped them and said they don't honor the birthday recognition. They said the owner won't approve that and that he is rude to his employees. Don't give this DQ your business.
great music, reasonable cover and strong drinks!
Warehouse?  I stopped by the other day, no one was inside the very small room that was littered with garage sale remenants.  I stuck my head in, then left, if what I saw is the 'warehouse' it should be changed to Bargain Room.
Such a lovely restaurant with peaceful ambiance and well made meals.  I had 2 separate meals here (breakfast and dinner), and enjoy each thoroughly.  Service was superb.  The meal was cooked perfectly and the presentation on the plate was outstanding.  I would highly recommend the Mandarian Oriental and this restaurant to friends visiting Las Vegas.
Today I tried someone new, and she did a great job.  She even bumped up my micro peel to a better one! I have been going to voci for 16 years!
Freindly staff....good cheese....can't wait to try the aftermentioned \"#7\"
We come here all the time. Kids ask to go on a weekly basis. Lol. Food is good. Service is good. Last night it was great! Just depends on the night. We enjoy going to this location.
Their salmon sashimi and the CAVE CREEK roll are amazing!\nIt is family owned so the service is a little slow when they are busy but it is worth the wait!
not worth it!!! The food was OK just like the other buffet on the strip and nothing surprise me beside the price!
Horrible, one cup of coffee must be the limit with one creamer. Food dry and sitting forever, pretty mcmasty!!!
Nothing for the non farm eater. The veggie sandwich they do serve is too salty to taste anything else. Service was friendly and quick though.
General tsao's chicken for take-out lunch broke the plastic fork I was using.  I probably caught them on an off-day.
Yolu's Cafe is a gem in downtown Chandler. Yoli and her staff are so friendly and the relaxed atmosphere makes for a great morning start. Yoli's menu is fresh and eclectic. Try her Hawaiian French Toast or Fruit and Yogurt Parfait. Yoli makes her own granola you have to try.
Love the food court, especially Edo and Thai Express.  Good shopping and underground mall.
Great food, great value and great service. Staff was very pleasant and accommodating, and, spoke great English! Large menu - maybe could even be a bit smaller. Clean and inviting place.
Had to give a 1 just to write a review. I would have rated a zero. Service was terrible car was still dirty and barely vacuumed. As sad it is to say the quality of work has really suffered in the last few months. I will do everything in my power NOT to return to this car wash.
By far the worst food I have ever had!!!!
Went there for the first time to buy some parts I needed for my Motorhome and was very disappointed by the selection they had. I am used to their store in Orange County CA, which is well stocked. Not worth the drive from The airport area. Ended up ordering the stuff I needed online from Amazon. Better prices.
Great first experience for new neighborhood pho place.  I tried the pho thai, shrimp + sugar cane lettuce wraps and they were both great.
Big portion, reasonable, and a very friendly environment.  A good place after a night of drinking!
Had the best drink list! The food is good, but the people watching was the best part. sit outside and enjoy a beer before a NHL game.
I was looking at my past reviews this morning and realized that this place never did respond to my email or phone call.   What a shame.
Still a huge fan 2 years later - they have recently updated the interior - has a really warm and fuzzy feeling now - Tanya is the best!  Great wine prices and the food is still 4-star - love this place!
Meh. Average gay place with average food and average gay Phoenicians. Meh...
Traveling through town and found this brewery.  They had a good selection of beer and I really enjoyed the fish tacos.
It's okay. Nuthin' that special. The watermelon was good. The desserts were pretty good.
I have been going here for years. Ask for Chirin! She is absolutely amazing! I always look amazing coming out of the salon. She is very reasonably priced. She really tried to make your experience a good one. I recommend her to anyone who wants their hair done right:)
They were the only alterations place that I could get to accept my order in short notice!  I dropped of a bridesmaid dress to be shorted 4 inches.  I dropped it off Sunday and picked it up on Wednesday.  Total cost (including the rush fee) was only $35.  I will be back :)
This place is pretty good. I came here because everyone rants and raves about it. I don't think they're nearly as good as Pizza di Roma. They are more convenient though. Ever since Pizza di Roma started carrying the mac'n'cheese pizza I haven't been back.
There are so many reviews for this place- I'll keep it short:\n\n\nYamato roll, let's be together forever.
Good KBBQ for groups.\n\nGood environment \n\nLot of choice \n\nVarious price with different time \n\nClose late night for night out
Processed fish patties?!  Why do a fish stand if you're only gonna serve that kind of stuff? I was really expecting some nice battered and fried fish, this place has been here for soooooo long. And you only take cash? This is 2014.
This place looks like would be good, but sadly, it is not. The portions are huge, and the food is very generic. We won't be returning here unless someone else wants to go here!
I like this park. People bike, jog, inline skating around the pond and a lot of people walk their dogs here. Its just nice. Not much more to it.. as it should be.
Absolutely amazing airline!!!!!!! To the sweet gate agent boarding flight 260 to JFK on June 19 ~ you are WONDERFUL. I've never had better customer service! I've never been so happy to board a flight and so welcomed. Virgin America, GOOD JOB!!!
Great collection, but very hard to find. Free is not free unless you bring a printed copy of coupon. They are not nice about it.
My biggest complainant is it is a bit expensive. average price for a plate of vegetables is $18. Don't get me wrong it taste great but come on.
Great waffles! My favorite one is a custom one: Waffle with Nutella, strawberries, banana, and hazelnut self made ice cream on top! Awesome mhhhh!!! :-)
Food is good and cheap!
I have had several meals here and the service has always been professional and attentive.  Food is good, they know their fish.  Try the scallops if your in the mood!  worth every penny.
Chicken was good, sauce was awesome, sides were so-so. Friendly service. Nice terrasse out back. All around, a good option for a decent meal.
He's great at his craft, but he has such a dismissive, I don't give a hoot attitude. He's in and out with you so fast......you almost can't remember being seen! Not very  personable either. Yikes!
Went in to get a new charger for my MacBook Pro, and they gave me a new one right away-- no wait, no paperwork. Super friendly staff and extremely quick service despite being very busy! Definitely one of the better Apple stores that I've been to.
The food and service are outstanding. The ambiance is that of a large old farm house and very cozy. I highly recommend this restaurant for an excellent non-pretentious experience.
The food was very bland, and WAY over priced. Expect to pay 30 bucks per person for bad mushy food. They do have a Great Margarita!! Would NOT recommend this restaurant for food, There are way better Mexican Restauants in town.
I have to stay away from this place or I will end up so fat I will have to drive a scooter. Awesome burgers and shakes and fast lunch service. Can't say enough good things.
I don't know how or why this place is rated so high. I've eaten at the other Brothers in Goodyear and mistakenly ordered from here. Cheap cheese and sauce out a can, not mention the ranch dressing resembled peppered milk.
If you don't mind in eating a room that smells like an ashtray, you'll love it.  The kitchen fans pull the cigarette smoke thru the space from the casino floor.  After a meal you smell like you smoked a pack
Awesome place to go. I love the Local Honey, Fresh eggs, and the staff. Love all the animals, you do great work.
shitty pizza.. shittier customer service.. do your self a favor and order from Big Boy's. Bitch.. I am a customer. Don't get all snotty with me on the phone for asking questions about your specials.
Best Italian food in town! A must if you enjoy special dishes.
Had their Almond pralines ice cream.  It was good but disappointment I only had 3 roasted almond in my whole dish.  The ice cream was also very melty.  The brownie thing M had looked so good.  I guess I need to come back and try another item.  The service was great!!!
Always mixing up my order and they aren't friendly about fixing it either. I actually drive farther to avoid this Starbucks even though it's on my way to the freeway. It used to be good but I think the good employees moved on. The Starbucks north of the 215 on Rainbow is way better.
Staff was great, food good. Way too hot in there!
The ice cream is always great and good selection. The staff on the other hand, seem miserable and you can tell they don't want to be there.
Naked children in the street, bike wheels are too big. Lady at the door looks like she's gonna cry.
Worst BBQ in town they should have stayed out of business. Bunch of idiots own the place. I would have gave them negative 2 stars.
Recently stopped in for a quick bite at the bar and had a fantastic meal. I had actually eaten at Chef Brett's last restaurant in Chicago and I thought his food was good there, but Cuttlefish really showcases his true talents as a really great chef! I will definitely be back again and again!
Customer service was pretty rotten. Almost all the staff were rude and impatient and the whole experience was generally unpleasant. I won't fly this airline again-not voluntarily.
This place is hit or miss. Unfortunately Vegas doesn't have a whole bunch of vegan/vegetarian restaurant options. The desserts here are definitely better than their savory foods. Service is horrible. I understand that they can get busy, but at least ATTEMPT to acknowledge your patrons.
I stopped to get a quick bite to eat and wasn't disappointed. Beef chow mein is delcious,  it's not the bland stuff you'll find at similar joints.  Orange chicken is also A grade.  Service was quick to us and quick to deliver.
I love this place. As a small business owner I love holding meetings because of the beautiful environment and free Wi-Fi. As a consumer I love the various smoothies and the passion fruit tea. Marc & Jodie are not just good owners, they're gracious hosts- always accommodating me for larger business gatherings.
This pizza is delicious. The service is good when I take it to go but not so good when we sat and ate there. The girl with the curly hair that sat us down was rude. I absolutely love their pepperoni.
The pizza is fantastic.  You can't beat their quattro stagione pizza. Their secret is the tomato sauce which is truly authentic Italian pizza style.
A great place to go with large groups of people. Adequate bar food, decent beer, fun entertainment, attentive service. The history is interesting, but the presence of a gift shop adds to the off-putting feeling of fairly obvious American over-commercialization.
Service is slow as hell.  Had a waiter that kind of looked like Rick from Pawn Stars.  Took about 15 minutes before we were first greeted and then it was at least another 10-15 minutes until we could order.  The prime rib was excellent though.  Only thing that hurt my experience was the slow service.
Just had breakfast the mimosas good breakfast good but way to many flys it's someone left door open all day.
Food is awesome every time we go there....service is good...food selection is also very good
Great place to stay so adventure downtown.  Great staycation.  \n\nThe rooms were nice and the bathroom was amazing.  There is aa nice terrace and pool on the 5th floor with spices growing that they use in the restaurants. \n\nStaff friendly and helpfull
By my calculations, it's cheaper to move long distances using an Enterprise van vs a Uhaul van.  The people at this Enterprise were incredibly helpful and friendly. My van had 200 miles on it and still smelled of new vehicle. Moving still sucks but at least my moving van did not.
Yummy. I ordered the Chicken Marsala and my husband got Chicken Parmesan, both were delish!  The side Caesar salad was great too.\nService was timely..highly recommend
It's better than Taco Bell.\n\nIf you're looking for an American's take on Mexican food, 3 Amigos is a winner. If you're looking for authentic Mexican food... Keep looking... You won't find any of it here.
Mez, more chill than suite.  Easier to have a conversation. Crowd: young professional-older.
Hey, it's Hooters, not fine dining. But I had a good burger, a stiff drink and a good time. Me and a few guys sat at the bar. The bartender was beautiful, attentive, and friendly.
I had garlic chicken and my friend had pad thai. We both thought our meals we're tasteless. \n\nThe service was slow and non-personal. The piped in electronic 70s music: hideous.\n\nAnd it was expensive.
Food was great!  Service not so great...  When you're paying that much for a meal, the service should be just as good as the food.  Get the bananas foster for dessert, you won't be disappointed!
I have eaten here two times and loved it both times! It is a bit expensive for a family but super fun on a date night! I enjoy the bruschetta and the pasta options. They have an amazing sangria as well. Make sure to go early they do get busy!
This place is extremely loud and filled with 18-25 year olds. The waitresses here pretty much ignore you the entire time, and the sushi was unfortunately sub-par. I'll probably hit up another sushi place next time. On the plus side, the decor was nice.
Have you seen all my photos yet of Five50 food? Delicious!!!! try not to lick the photos! 550 Degrees for the oven temperature for the best pizzas! Come get some!
Best place to go!! I am a female who doesn't know anything about cars and they always explain so I understand. They really do what is best for their customers and don't try and add on little extra charges here and there like most places. The Bills are very nice people and I am never going anywhere else in Phoenix!
I have been a Ray's Pizza fan for at least 20 years! The service is great, the Peroni's are refreshing and the pizza is the closest to New York style one can get in the valley. I am a fan of the Chicken Alfredo pizza...add jalape\u00f1os!
Sea bass was great with good service.
Went here after reading the Yelp reviews and after visiting the Scottsdale Gun Club.  Best Tex-Mex atyle restaurant in Scottsdale,  hands down. \n\nNice family run place, not a chain. Good prices too. Trying to talk my wife into going back two days in a row! Yum.
This is by far one of the best meals I've ever had at a non-hoytee-toytee type place ... I highly recommend the corn, quinoa, bean salad WITH the local sirloin tips OMFG!!!
This hotel is really really pretty! I have been to Paris and the paintings on the main floor are pretty unreal! I have definitely stayed in nice hotels but it really does have an airy feel which I have found is hard to find at a lot of hotels in Vegas.
Not the same place from triple d. Service was piss poor and food came out cold. Didn't even get the check just put money on the table and left after waiting 30+ mins but wish I would have dined and dashed.
Love this place. Cute, quiet, and relaxing.
Was just so-so for me. After reading many reviews, I had good expectations for this place, but it just didn't totally deliver.
I give it a zero stars, the worst internet service I have ever had and customer service beyond bad.  I will never use the service again, never!
Horrible horrible service and food. The owner is very condescending and rude. Stay away. If you're hungry go to the Taco Bell right across...
Awesome rolls! Awesome service!! The waitresses are very friendly and the food is fresh! Ask for the sushi tostada! It not on  the menu but it's amazing! My favorite was the Kimmy roll, my husband's, the almost hot roll.  (We think that was the name)
Their speciality is cupcakes but they also have cookies and brownies.  The vanilla cupcake's a little dry but the chocolate and red velvet are both sublime.  There are also a lot of other flavors.  The cupcakes are perfect for a party or special occasion.
Your basic Goodwill. Items I've found here aren't particularly remarkable, but their location makes it very easy to donate items that you've tried to sell and have been rejected by Bookman's.
Great Food in a nice little Spot. Lots of parking and cheap taco. It's like Mexico in the states, the tacos are made the same way great place to grab a beer and a taco. Great prices and good food
best coffee around.
DO NOT STAY HERE DURING EDC. First off, the pool is nice but super boring, no music at all. Had a horrible experience with the bell desk, who treated me like annoyance and not a paying customer after I lost my credit card and tried to receive it
I do not like writting bad reviews but the service was so bad. Takes fore ever to get your order placed and fill and just horrible customer service. The food was alright thats why the 2 stars if it was horrible i would have gave it a 1 star. i would pass this place up and try another pho place near spring mountian.
This Starbucks is pretty disorganized.  Every time I've been in this place I wait much much longer in line than I would've if I would've gone through the drive thru.  So frustrating.  This Starbucks needs some management and better cleaners.
It's takes a certain type to hang out at the PV. If the bathrooms at the PV could talk, it would be a hell of a story -- I've seen it all there. I met my ex-wife at the PV, it didn't last long (it's that kind of a spot.)
Food was very flavorful and the concept is great, I would absolutely go back again and the service was great only problem and not really a problem is it's a little difficult to order your first time but the staff is great to help
ASU wants all the money you have and more. Watch out for the parking patrol.  They will issue you a citation regardless of circumstances.\nI wouldn't be going here if it weren't for my classes.
We like it! We are here for the first time tonight and my wife and I both really liked the sandwiches we ordered. We live right by it. Took the sandwiches home and enjoyed them. Awesome work you guys!
The patio area seems to be expanding larger and larger every time I come here. This place is a lively neighborhood-dive bar with a signature decor of overwhelming holiday lights. Inside the lights cover the ceiling wall to wall.\n\nFriendly staff and comfortable setting.
The Cocktails were good.\nEverything is made of ice, including the glasses.\nEven though I didn't pay for anything, I don't think I will ever come back.\nMinus 5 is a place where you want to visit at least once and check it off your list.
First time here since becoming Sean Patrick's. An \"Irish\" bar playing country music. Don't expect to get served quickly unless you're at the bar gambling. Won't be back.
This place used to be great. But lately it's almost always a mess. Furniture and chairs strewn around, overflowing garbage cans and old newspapers laying around are the norm.
Awesome! Second time at the caravan and love the quality and the variety! Our problem is choosing! Had the hot link and peach cobbler from Magnolia Smokehouse today and loved it all.  Oh, and great live music! Come on down!
Once again back at my favorite lunch spot in Scottsdale.  Don't be shy when it comes to mixing up the bowls with sauces....you can't go wrong.  Fresh food anytime of the day is always a good thing!!
Super average Chinese food. Unless you dont have a vehicle and can't drive any further do yourself a favor and hit up either Iron Chef on Power or Taste of China on Higley. Much much better food.\n\nOur soup was cold at this place and the server was not the friendliest either.
This review is based solely on my visit there yesterday morning for ice coffee. Worst ice coffee ever. The coffee was WAY to old or something because it was to bitter to drink.  3.00 plus a 1.00 tip wasted.
Cute boutique! Had an array of great gift ideas and handmade cards. Cool personalized jewelry and candles. A must stop for a cute birthday gift!
i know times are tough but come on...paying $13.99 a day, p e r computer for wifi!!!  gimme a break. hard rock you used to be soo cool. i remember you back in the day, you treated me good. now look at you - take take take!!!
Wow... Talk about a great service and quality of work. I use these guys for all my dry cleaning and alteration services.  I would strongly recommend trying theses guys for your dry-cleaning needs. Guarantee you won't be dissatisfied......2001 team, keep up the great work!!!
Delicious!  Veggie omelet with red velvet pancakes is a must. Friendly staff and descent prices.
Stopped here this morning for some coffee.  The bagels still aren't the greatest--they're okay but not the greatest.  But the coffee is pretty good.  Susan regain human female form after 2nd cup of coffee!
Decent food...worst service....ever.
Not very good
Hae Jang Gook was pretty decent.
Most UNAUTHENTIC spanish restaurant I've ever been to.  Stopped in for a drink and tapas and left after the drink.  The whole ambiance just isn't there. Based on other reviews, I'm pretty sure I didn't miss out on a whole lot.
Totally inspired me to drink soda again! I looooooved all the neat-o choices they have there!!!!!!!!!! Super awesome
Food is mediocre at best. Nothing spectacular, the staff looks pissed and not pleasant. They charge 59c for ranch dressing... Boo!!!
Love the food! Amazing server. Egg rolls slightly greasy tho. Long wait but it was Valentine's night. Love the 3 course dinner for 2 they offer.
It's not bad, you get what you pay for.
I have two words for you... pizza cookie!  The chocolate chip ($4.99), warm and gooey from the oven with rapidly melting vanilla bean ice cream is to die for.  Oh, yeah, the regular pizza is pretty awesome, too.
Great food always hot and clean place would recommend also spicy chart is awesome that's if you like hot hot\n\n$$
My new favorite close to home. The salon gets busy so make an appointment. The owner is usually visible, helping out to keep things running and VERY attentive.
I like the location because it is downtown and after the movie I usually go to a happy hour, perfect :-)
Don't let Efrain run your credit card. He's a shady dude. Just refused me and my son 80 dollars is services because I didn't want him to cut my hair. I'm finally done with them.
Been wanting to go here since Man vs. Food episode on them   Decided to test them with dish I could get elsewhere - French toast.  Dry, bland, and way overpriced.  IHOP does it tastier and cheaper.  And IHOP offers military discount which HHGG doesn't.
Fish taco included a sardine sized piece of fish a lots of Cole slaw and pico. Two obviously production tortilla to finish the taco. Two tbs.  Beans. Good margarita s though.
Went there for 2 problem the main problem was fixed but costly. Second problem said a/c composer need to be replaced 1200 dollars so had second opinion was actually the fan 165 dollars.   Nice that they checked for the real problem never going back there.
For the price, it was just so-so. The service was a bit awkward and the T-bone Steak was so-so. Steamed asparagus was tasteless... Spinach was a little better. The spinach salad was better than everything else. :-)
We tried samosa chat and chole bhatura. Food taste was really fresh and flavored. Cozy decor with very friendly staff and owner. Worth going again.
Not bad. Personal size pizzas made fresh. The dough was delicious. The cheese only halfway melted, the sauce basically tomato paste. The quality could easily be improved significantly by using better sauce and cooking 2 min longer, but overall it's a pretty decent product for an airport.
We were buying a suit for our wedding and Joey helped us a lot. He was warm, laughed at all our stupid jokes, and helped us pick some great accessories for the suit. Thanks, Joey. I highly recommend your store and especially you.
Absolutely loved this bar.  It's opulent and intimate, yet at the same time, had a good vibe.  Their cosmos are fantastic!
Poor service and mediocre sushi.....don't waste your time or money
The food was soooo good. The meat was tender and the sides were delicious.  I ordered the brisket and rib combo and it did not disappoint.  Staff was friendly, attentive,  and courteous.
I was entirely disappointed in this place. I took a date here for dinner and the service was simply atrocious, food and drinks took forever to come out, and the food was subpar at best. This seems like a great place to watch sports as there are several big screen televisions, nice big bar, but for dinner, go elsewhere.
Shady place..lost my luggage here..only go at your own risk.
A nice list of loose leaf teas, which are served in a light-bulb looking glass ware. This Jiffy Lube converted place is an unexpectedly pleasant coffee shop on the S Park street. Very friendly staff, a fantastic view of Copps, and overall a charming neighborhood cafe.
Good yogurt + nice friendly employees = happy customer
Love this place.   The salon is very laid back and the art is amazing.  Georgia is a great stylist.  Very friendly.
Baby Kay's is the Real Deal!!! Great food, Great staff,Best crawfish etouffee around !! Their shirmp cocktail and the cocktail sauce will really make your eyes water but it's OHHH so good !!!
Just brought burgers and fries from 'in and out' at 95 and Lake mead. They increased the price and the fries are very bad. I don't know how to post picture here but all the fries are broken, brown and dark brown and 1 to 2 inches in size.
Good food but the young staff can never get any to go order right. They are too busy talking about their social life
Terrible Service!! Takes approx 2 hours to eat a meal there\nService is so sloooooooow!
One word...WHACK!
This place has the best ice in town. The employees are always friendly and the store is clean. The 20 lb. bags of ice appear to be a little over weight. And let's not forget the ice cream.
I love this store! Everyone is so helpful, not rude. And I never get hassled when using my coupons I receive in email or in the mail, unlike the silverado store!
They give you a lot of food. They have good food. I order takeout from them all the time. Pretty fast delivery.
Great family atmosphere, food is tasty and fresh. Everyone is so genuine and so personable. I come here with my family and I'm never disappointed. Their cucumber dip is to die for.
Great place!  All associates are great here!
It's a gorgeous restaurant but there are 2 things in my head I can't shake....\n\n1. The service is so-so considering how nice the place is..\n\n2. They don't make double drinks per corporate policy.
Great little yogurt place.  At first I wasn't sure about not being self-serve, but it actually worked so that I wouldn't serve myself too much and wind up throwing yogurt away.  I like how they layer toppings for you and are willing to mix and match.
Will be back here every two weeks. Great pizza. Great options. Couldn't ask for better!
Fabulous Sunday brunch-- egg and lardon on pizza with caramelized onions and garlic!!  Homemade chorizo and fried eggs served with slices of farmers bread.  To top it off spicy bloody mary made with fresh horseradish...The setting is in a lovely park just by the University Pittsburgh campus.
Most places like this take you for a financial \"ride\". Luckily, there were no surprise charges. Would give 5 stars if service was faster
Amazing.  One of the best steaks I've ever had.  The Caesar salad made table side is always a nice touch.  Great service as well!
Joe is top notch, often you will find him come and check on you. Never ever not have a great meal there!
Service was painfully slow. One salad was so late,  we sent it back. Shrimp is underwhelming as are their olives and hummus. They only have one restroom for the whole restaurant so expect a wait. Tots are excellent, however and the ambiance is great, although the birds can be obnoxious.
We have been coming to pretty nails for  years and we really love it. For $35 you can't find a better pedicure in the valley. Also Stacey waxes eyebrows better than anyone we have ever been to. We highly recommend Pretty Nails.
Came here for breakfast. It ha decent variety of food and snacks. One negative is that it open at 8am and those of us on business trip need to eat earlier.
Kalbi is the best I've  ever had!!!!! Try it next time you're there.
Love this bbq place and love that it's local.  Sometimes you can smell the meat cooking as you drive by.  The carne asada is really good and it's nice to be able to use Open Table for reservations.  Nice atmosphere and some really good grill.
Love this place they do a great job and very quick!!!! Went to bellisima nails and therr not as great then nail pro!!!! Costumer service great and they dont try to upsale you on anything!!!!
My wife loves this place and I have to say that I love the toppings... Not a huge fan of frozen yogurt but this place hits the spot.
I just don't understand why its so overpriced, $8-$13 for a box of cookies, come on now.
Great service and all the guys do an excellent job. It takes long, but any thorough job does. I usually get the platinum for $26 which is the complete detail. They have many options
Cool atmosphere, nice hot chocolate and in one word : Chocolate heaven
Food is delicious!!! I had the crispy shrimp Napoli for appetizer and the sauce was very good!! For entree I had the crab and shrimp cakes. So rich and tasty!! Also the vegetables are very good. Our server was friendly and helpful! Will definitely be going back!
The guys here remind me of my family... Super nice, to the point about your car needs, and absolutely no pressure!  When I arrived, they gave me a news paper, coffee, and the t.v. remote. I feel right at home.  Oh, and they offer free yearly checks and service on all brakes!  Cool :)
7/8 times I go to this location it's closed. Went on a Thursday at 1030. Sign said be back in 15 mins.  I left at 1100.  Terrible business model.  I concur with all the other 1 star reviewers.
Had a great breakfast there (order the pancakes). However, service is to be desired.  Had to request an item I ordered multiple times to get it. Would eat there again though.
One of the most amazing places I have ever visited!  Ever!
The food is good, but wow the service is terrible. I waited till a second visit to write a review. All I will say is that when I tried to politely comment to the manager on our issues I was dismissed and he walked away.
Rose did an excellent job on my man pedicure. Sometimes being a man, you get terrible service, but that was not the case. I am from San Diego who comes here often. My wife and I will definitely come back here when we are back!!!
Went here and customer service was horrible not only did they decide a smoke break for the sushi chefs was more important than making their customers food they decided to yell it across the restaurant that they forgot the order never coming back again totally disgusted!!!
Horrible service. Our waiter came to our table 2x once for our order and to give us our check. The busboy did more for the table than the waiter.
Luna seemed to find every knot no matter how hard they tried to hide. Her pressure was exceptional and I have found my new favorite place.
Its nice to get service with a smile.  Very professional honest people.  They had my hot water heater replaced in less than an hour.  I highly recommend.  675 for the water heater installed.  Fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!
Walked around the store for 15 minutes and no one asked if I needed help. When I asked if an item was in stock in back \"that merchandise hasn't been worked yet\" said there was some in back but won't be brought out until end of week! Made no offer to check for me and he was obviously annoyed.
Great food and atmosphere! Steaks were cooked perfectly and they were delicious! Lobster bisque and the lobster pasta were wonderfully delicious! More than enough food, we left there stuffed and happy! Definitely will come back :)
Rueben Rocks.  Friendly barista who keeps the line moving, wishing everyone \"enjoy\" or \"have a great day\".\n\nSmall location with no drive thru but they are very efficient.
I wasn't totally impressed, but I thought it was a good introduction of sushi for my daughter.  I've had better, but I've also had A LOT worse.  Just watch out for the Tommy Lee roll.
Great tasting bread!
I've only ever tried their delivery, seeing as my lunch break usually isn't at a convenient time to go try and make a store visit. The meals are decent, but a bit salt packed. Very large portions, but also very pricey. If you want a quick delivery for decent food, call them up. Otherwise, look elsewhere.
Great neighborhood Italian place. I always get the Cavatelli Con Salsiccia. Always great service and love the assortment bread they bring out.
#dirties - this was an ugly experience.  I got lotto and fuel and left as soon as possible lol.
Local place with just ok food, but fun atmosphere, good service, and when it's nice out, a lovely patio with live music. Hubby and I go there 1-2x's per month. Great happy hour specials.
Hamburgers that taste like spam....spam burgers ewwwww I don't know if they changed the meat or what but I will never get a burger from here again after that eeeesh
My favorite local shop. Unlike Cycle gear this place is happy to mount a tire you buy from them and often right on the spot. Buy a tire from Cycle Gear and they act like you're asking them to sacrifice their 1st born child if they mount the tire you just bought from them on the same day. MTC is the way to go.
Staff made you feel as if they were doing you a favor by waiting on you. Owner on the phone and didn't even acknowledge the customer.  Food was awful. Will never go back
They have a big selection but their prices are too high.  Go across the street to Spinnets.
Tried one at a farmers market when we first moved here. Have to say size was good but lacked any good flavor. Nothing like we have in New Mexico I've even made em Better than that myself. Got some jalape\u00f1o jelly from other vendor there have to say it was awesomely good.
Crazy, creepy and cool!  Dang you must go.  We sat in the 3rd row, but I think just about anywhere in the place was a good seat.  Even up a little higher you may see a bit more because there is tons of stuff (mostly strange stuff) going on.
The staff was really nice but honestly for the price and quality I'd rather just go to the grocery store and get a quart of ice cream. I remember when this place was one of the only and better ice cream places in town...not anymore!
Amazing gym! Small, well staffed and a pleasure to be affiliated with!!
Great food, everyone loves it.  But if you're buying a gift card, shouldn't the purchaser get the reward points?  After all, the restaurant is getting their money instantly and a large percentage of gift cards never get used.  Why would I ever want to buy another gift card there if I don't get anything out of it?
Very cute and comfortable ambiance.  The food was good for it's price. I got the whole hummus plate and a side of sweet potato fries. My total was around $10. The food is lacking some flavor but you can taste the freshness.
The best sushi  I have ever had! The service was excellent. I can't believe we found this place in a strip mall in the middle of the desert!! We will definitely return, with friends!
The service was not all that great, after placing an order for out food one order was not correct and had to be sent back. And that was after waiting 20 min already. The French toast was not anything special and the hash browns had a funny aftertaste. Needless to say i will never go back.
Flavorful not bitter I have only had a double espresso iced & a regular I enjoyed it
The food here is just good not great.  Pricing is great for the large portions of food.  Overall a good experience.
I loved this place the first time I went. The second time it sucked. My steak was fatty and cold. My son ordered the lunch special and did not like anything but the Satay. The waitstaff was efficient to the point of being annoying. I would never go back.
what is it with Wendys ?  They never get the orders right. If any of the employees would smile I would die from shock.  This review applies to many of the Wendys  that I have been to. Even in Florida.  Do they train them to be rude and ignorant ?
I enjoyed. Would have enjoyed even more had they had mimosas lol - but that's just me tho. Very friendly server, food was really good. I'll be back.
Get an all fruit or fruit and veggie smoothie for a healthy treat that tastes good with about 1/4 the calories of a Starbucks at the same price. Google Jamba Juice hidden menu for an inside touch. Sour patch!
The name was changed quite some time ago to Brazilian Bull Steakhouse. Nothing seems to have changed other than the name and that is a fine thing indeed.
If you go without expectations, you can't be disappointed. Good spot to watch a game-
I had the worse experience there. I'm new to this whole gluten free and I had a few questions. The problem was the guy that was manning the store was on a personal phone call the WHOLE time. So I finally started to leave and he stopped me to wait. By this time I was pissed and said no an left.
Very disappointed.  Horrible service. Took around 30-40 minutes to get breakfast.  I ordered eggs Benedict's and the sauce was broken and the muffin was burnt. Potatoes were room temp. Everything was bland. We will never go here again.
I really enjoyed coming to this place. Stopped here in the evening for a late dinner. I loved the patio area, indoor dinning, and how the bar was separated. The service was great and so was the food. They do have a somewhat small selection than most restaurants, but all places vary. I will definitely be coming back here.
We love this place! Food is good, bartenders are very friendly. Best happy hour prices in town!
The food and service are ok.  When you walk in, you're greeted by two attractive, disinterested hostesses. The general feel is that no one cares you are a customer and the food is just ok.
The  Arizona Museum of Natural History  is an important patron to African American artists and the collection features work by more than 400 of them. This includes important pieces by painter Jacob Lawrence, photographer Gordon Parks and collagist Romare Bearden - all of whom are represented in major museum collections in the US.
This restaurant is a little over-rated. It's almost impossible to have a table unless you have a reservation. Their salsa has strawberries in it, which I think is particularly strange. The food was average. Not Taco Bell, but not 100% Mexican either.
I travel the country and these people take pride in the fare they serve. A must stop,good happy hour live music and awesome Food!
Jalape\u00f1o Cheddar wings and beers! Can't ask for a better place!\n\nGood staff, awesome service, and greasy view of the TVs.
A cute and cozy little cafe in the Strip. Among other tasty homemade dishes (it's italian focused), they also serve a small breakfast menu all day, making it a nice alternative to Pamela's and De Luca's. Cash only!
The best show in Vegas if you like classic rock. I have been to this show multiple times and never get tired of the show. Great show for your kids and grandkids. I highly recommend this over any cheesy cirque show.
Service was terrible!  It took forever to get our drink order taken.  I will say it improved as time went on. \nFood was ok. My tuna tartare was pretty good , salad was ok. Chocolate coconut souffl\u00e9 was delicious.
The waitress we had here was horrible.  The bus boy gave us more attention than she did.  I say give him her job!  The food was OK nothing spectacular, a little over priced, but you are paying for the ambiance I guess.
Bought a \"certified\" preowned car that has been to the shop twice in 8 months. When I picked up my car the second time, there was an item stolen from my car.
Ask for Darrell... He rocks.... Took care of my Dad and made him \"looking good\"... next day too my husband to Darrell too.... great fun, great cut.
Food was great as usual for this place. Great location. Looks out over strip, good for people watching. Was not crowded and we were able to get easy reservations.
The man who worked in the electronics department (specifically cell phone sales) did not want to be at work today. He looked bored or tired and just wanted to be left alone. I hope he got some rest.
Very small portions and very pricey. Luckily the club isn't so bad, a bit of an older crowd. Food quality is very good depending on what you get. Eat beforehand. Quasedeas recommended
Server is really nice, food amazing!!! I can't say enough how I enjoyed it!!! You gotta come and try it by yourself. The pancakes are awesome as well as the onion soup.
Went because of Guy's show DDD and these ratings...  it was fun but NOTHING outstanding that 4 or 5 stars should indicate.  Good Service locally owned BAR with bar food. MUCH BETTER places to eat in Vegus  so spend your time at those.
My wife surprised me with a Living Social deal.  We went as a couple.  We had a blast!  Nice of them to run a LS deal.  \n\nSince I have been there last (5 yrs), they have gone away from hunting and are almost 100% tactical.  So many toys, so little time.
This is a great place for brunch. The brunch menu is more limited than Breakfast Club and Daily Dose but much tastier. The chilaquiles verde, BLT, and the red velvet pancakes were flavorful and delicately prepared. The dishes tasted like they were made with fresh ingredients. I definitely recommend this place.
Alba was amazing at smoothing over some difficulties I had with extending my rental. She was great!!
Very good experience here! Amazing customer service and friendly staff, also a very big selection of colors (which is something I like). This place is a lot of fun and offers really cool designs unlike a lot of nail places. Would recommend this to my friends.
I stayed @ 4 queens when i went last month and this is the place to go.
We had table service upstairs in the open air. So fun!
totally lame music videos at deafening volume and waited 8 minutes and still no waitress service oh and there was only 7 other people in the place no thanks !
Perfect haircut for a great price!
Expensive and snobby.
Went here for the first time and had breakfast. The hashbrowns and pancakes were awesome. Can't wait to go back for lunch sometime.
Horrible horrible service
I went to a concert 1/18/14.  The bands were great.  However, the sound was ridiculously loud to the point of hurting your ears.  I have been to many other venues around the state, but this stands out and we had to leave early.  Save your money and your ears.
Not sure where the rave reviews come from.  This buffet is pretty damn decent but I read that it was the best in Vegas.  That title I still give to Bellagio.
The General Tso's chicken lacked crispiness and flavor with a heat index of pre school. I had the Garlic chicken on a previous visit, and it was pretty tasty.
I love Southwest. I love Vegas. But, when you add the two together..... It's a bloody late mess. Please stop over selling your seat!
Update: The Morning Bun is divine and made my morning extra happy. That's all.
AMAZING SUSHI BUFFET! If you are ever in the Vegas area...skip the Strip sushi all you can eat buffets. This is place is where you should definitely check out. The sushi rolls are not your typical fair of sushi rolls. Everything I had was delicious!
They have a bit of a pigeon problem
Wasn't impressed ,service was slow and food was pretty much flavorless. The building however is impressive.
$20 pedicure...the worst I ever had....the lady was so rough and rushed through the whole thing...instead of relaxing after a long week I was nervous and anxious the whole time. It was so bad I felt like walking out.
First time, last time. I could tolerate the obnoxious staff if the food was good, but it wasn't. The foods not terrible, it's average. I'll just go to Roberto's where the food is better and the people actually seem to care about the client.
This casino has the worst staff. From cocktail waitress to security guards. They are very rude. If this business wants to stay in business, they should hire people who make you feel comfortable. Not scare you away! Rude! Rude! Rude!
This hotel was busy during the weekend I visited, and at times the front desk was short staffed. Noise in the rooms from nearby I-17 was a problem. There are so many hotels in this area, I'll stay somewhere else in the future.
We had an ahi burger - zero taste compared to other local Ahi Burgers, server never heard of wasabi mayo and they did not carry.  Also had the Kobe burger- nothing special to pay 15-20 on.  I'm all for paying extra but if the food doesn't deliver, well then-
I am an official Buffalo Wild Wings Blazin' Challenge Winner! And i do that everytime I get bored. Need I say more?
Overpriced, the seating SUCKS, half of the seats face AWAY from the stage and the service (I'm using that term loosely) is rude as can be.  I love comedy clubs and have been to several, but this place is horrendous.
Wow.. this place is in bad shape. The casino looks ok but Mom and dad stayed there and the rooms blow. I have stayed there a bunch of times over the years but it has went way down hill. I heard they lost their Hilton License and I can guess its because its gotten that bad.
It wasn't very good I'm going to keep it short and sweet my husbands urging me to be nice. The hostess was very nice I never thought our waiter would ever wait on us and it really didn't matter because when the food came it was terrible.
ughh......Ive been an LGO promoter for 10 years....no longer.  they had an excellent product when they featured tammie coe bakery goods.  the new internally baked products are just not to the same standard.......continuing the downward slide.
Cheap sushi.  And it tastes like it too.  Not very good.
After a few write ups, I went and checked them out. Small sandwhichs for the price and not that great of one either.
Food is pretty decent. We had double \"boygers\" and pizza. Both was decent. Price is pretty OK too. Honestly though, I prefer Dominos pizza and In n out's hamburgers.
All of the ice blended drinks are fantastic, but what really impressed me was the service. Very helpful and friendly staff!
Worst bar ever. Don't waste your time or $. The owner is rude to his staff in front of customers, the food is awful & the bartenders are incompetent. We will never go back. Wish this place wasn't so terrible because it is in a great location.
ONE WORD=ew \nnot worth it!
We always come here to get dolled up for Vegas time! They're always very attentive an get the job done right. plenty of chairs and stations, and reasonable prices.
I went back, regretfully, again.  It's been five months since my last review and the burger are still horribly overcooked. It's a patty not a hockey puck. \n\nPlease, for gods sake, learn to grill a burger, it isn't rocket science.
There are now \"Notice of Trustee Sale\" signs surrounding the property.
Let me start off by saying the service is awesome. They're all very friendly and welcoming. However, the food didn't impress me. We had the Chinese Spicy Soup and Lemongrass Soup. It didn't impress me. I probably won't be back, but maybe they will get better after being open for longer.
Way overpriced for shelf/canned food. Worst they don't even tell you that they charge extra for chips, guacamole, refills.
Being seated immediately 5 stars. Drinks 4 stars. Food was 4 stars. And service, given the group's and amount of tables he had in section- I give 4 stars.
I have been to Indaba on three occasions and been overwhelmed each time. The fusion of South African and South American served tapas style is fantastic. Great sharing if there are a few of you, I have tried most of the menu and love it. You have to get the plantain sandwich
If I could, I would not even give the food 1 star. My wife and I both got sick from the\n food! We both had the runs after eating a green chili double burger and a fish sandwich. I would not recommend this place to anyone!
Very good food, excellent service.  Loved that they have gluten free pasta choices.  Our whole party was  happy with their entrees.  The lobster carbonara was especially tasty.  Lost one star for wine list.  Not as robust as we'd hoped.
We eat here often and can say consistency is always there. Quality and freshness is never a disappointment.  Their lunch special is something you cant go wrong with. Just 5.95 and you leave feeling satisfied. The staff is always pleasant and accommodating.
I love this salon. Vivian and Sally are amazing. They do a really great job and fast. They always fit me in same day. I am a perfectionist, and my nails look amazing. Eyebrows too ;)
I am an aquarium fan. Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed it. But it wasn't huge and I have been to many that were better.\n\nI will say that the animals and fish appeared to be well cared for and the staff that I dealt with were great.
Not really impressed by this place. I was only in there for about half a hour. Then I bounced. I had more fun, at Paper Dolls. From some reason, this place doesn't excite. Maybe, I just went on the wrong night or something.
Delivery on purchased sofa quoted at 4-6 weeks....now going on the 13th week!! Its actually comical at this point...except they have my money and I have no furniture.
my bf and I had dinner with a burrito and a quesadilla, and they were pretty good. The place is very nice, crowded but nice. and my caf\u00e8 au lait amandes was very good!
Been here a few times and I see nothing great. They are so over priced!! and to charge nearly $5.00 for a kids chicken tender basket is outrageous. Two small chicken tenders, no drink and seasoned fries.....I'm pretty sure most kids don't want to eat seasoned fries.
Food was excellent. Beautiful view! Expect better service for a $400 meal making it overpriced, server was a tad pompous.
With a name like an English Strip club you know you are in for a treat. Had the Chicken Asiago, Philly Cheese Steak and garlic fries. Split between me and the boss, my wife. We agreed eating Pasty on a church pew should be practiced more than once a week.
I eat a lot of Mexican food. And I always order tacos. The alambre tacos here were amongst the best I ever had. We ate at the bar and the service was fantastic too.
I LOVED this place, Unfortunately, the Coachman's Inn on Eastern closed the other week. :(
It was ok.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong items, but I was not impressed with the quality, on the other hand the quantity was very impressive.
Burrito Beats Burger. Simple as that. Also my wee one always gets a baby burrito, nothin quite like baby meat.
tough call on this one.  been there a few times and the food was great but the service  every time is lacking.  no attention no sense of urgency they just seem kinda bla.  I don't know??. if you go with lower expectations of service you will be fine.  I have always enjoyed the food and never been disappointed with that.
Togo's is not the place to go if you want a veggie sub.  I can't comment on the quality of the meats but their vegetarian options are boring.  What's the point of a cheddar cheese sub if they can't toast it?!?  Oh, the humanity!
Think of average pizza.  Now add a little more cheese and a lot more grease.  Welcome to Milanos.  (Admittedly, the tastes are pretty good, but unless you're in college, prepare for a post-meal stomach ache.  If you ARE in college, maybe knock this rating up to 4 stars.)
Had an appointment with BJ for three care bears. We totally lost one person and both changed our tattoos . They were so accommodating and wonderful!  Jesus you are a rock star! Love love love my feather it is the perfect tribute to my mom! Will definitely be back!
Usually we get our pup shaved but with it being late October, we didn't want her to be cold, they suggested the furminator. NOT effective. Our pup is shedding like a mad man and our money is gonzo. Oh well lesson learned.
Favorite Dinner... Kolbi Ribs (well done) w/ Macaroni... Service is good, says Hi John every time I come in to eat.  Love
Just like the one in LA. Perfect.\n\nCrispy Rice with Spicy Tuna is unbelievabele, as well as the Seared Rare Ahi and Creamy Rock Shrimp.
Worth the $20 bucks. Fun Fun..\n\n5 stars.\ntop notch \nwell done.
It has rebounded from when it closed in 08 and now does some veg stuff along with the bar food. I'd still much rather eat up the street at Max's though.\n\nThat said the clientele is nice/colorful & im glad it's reopened.
Went here for lunch today.  The chips and salsa were terrible.  I ordered the steak fajitas.  The meat was good, but the veggies were burnt beyond recognition.  Good service.  Too expensive for quality of food.  I'd rather go to Macayos or Filibertos.
Meh. If you're looking to experience FRIENDS without the cast and with \"mood lighting\" go here.
The pizza is one of my favorites.  They have the best ranch in Arizona.  I would come here more often if the staff was nicer.
Horrible customer service. I understand the workers are helping customers out, but none greeted or asked if I needed help. I stood there for a good twenty minutes before leaving.  I am an iPhone user but this makes me want to leave the brand. I had some questions that websites don't have a clear answer to.
The place present itself has a Japanese pub and I did enjoy my meal there. Having been to a few authentic ones in Japan I felt a bit underwhelm... still a nice addition to the restaurant scene in Montreal.
Hey, this place is really good. And they have sweet music. And it's cheap. And there might be some alcohol there. Go.
Amazing selection of all things with alcohol content at acceptable prices.  Nicer decor and feel then BevMo.
It's a locals casino, but has plenty of room for tourists. I'm born and raised here in Las Vegas, and have come to the Orleans many times for eats, and entertainment. It's old and shabby but still comfortable with fun memories.
Wow,  i send a lot of guest here.  Lately they been coming back complaining about the quality of the food.  I personally went to shop it.  Wow what happened.
The last four miles of this marathon (the whole) were excruciatingly boring.  They changed the course for 2009 and it was for the worse.  It is a really terrible way to end what is otherwise a pretty scenic run.
Worst security out of all the pools. Im in vegas monthly and will never go back. Venus and bare 500x better. Dont waste your money get a bed or cabana at bare and venus or even marquee.  Better use of money and loyalty
- Small venue\n- Bad music\n- Not a great crowd either\n Service was extremely poor and very slow. Rude and clueless hostess,
I'm laying down in pain with Wolfman pizza in my belly. My guess is it won't be there for long, if you know what I mean. You can find better pizza at a local middle school cafeteria, or Chinese buffet. You pay for the flat screen TV's. This place sucks.
The bus tour brought us here for Cantonese family dinner.  Food was decent.  Fish with soy bean was tender.  There was a banquet and it was noisy.  Bathroom is pretty spacious and clean.  Will try their dim sum on our next trip.
Great pizza.  Done right, fresh ingredients.  The atmosphere is pretty unique.  Not quite neopolitan pizza, but close.  Similar crust to Brutta or Porta Alba, doesn't quite have that woodfired texture.\n\nWorth every penny and the atmosphere put it over the top.  I will be back.
I absolutely adore this show. It was one of the first shows that I saw in Vegas, and I am so glad that I did. I am planning to see it again soon!
Great airport, if I could stay all day and avoid the sweltering heat..... I would. On my top ten US airports list.
I was a little out of my element at this high class restaurant but it was worth the trip.  We went for breakfast and tried the Chicken and Waffles.  The baked chicken and gravy was fantastic.  The service was top notch.
Middle of the night - only one other customer - the eggs and toast were cold upon arrival at the table - bacon was so hard I actually broke a tooth - emergency dental work today - restaurant employee response to broken tooth \"sorry about that\" - evidentally there was no manager on site - avoid at all costs!  many better options available in the area
New favorite Breakfast/brunch place! Lives up to its name!! Try the pumpkin pancakes. Delish! Everyone who works here is friendly and accommodating! We will definitely be back. Pure Eggstasy
Food was absolutely incredible, the only reason I give it four stars is because of the really high prices.  Probably some of the best steak I have ever eaten.  The experience of the 4 course meal was fantastic, our waiter was also very memorable as well, so nice and friendly.  The food is very very good just overpriced in my opinion.
Love this place. Colorful busy little place with great Venzuluan food. Newly opened, this place will be a hit. Can't wait to get back there. Try their pork butt with rice and black beans.
Bad service but the food was okay.
this review is not good because I can't even get into their website or get there a app to download on my phone...they say they're in Las Vegas but I keep getting a problem when I try and get a quote for a trip...help!
My favorite place to get breakfast. The staff is awesome, food is great and it won't kill the pockets! now I need to try something off the Lunch and Dinner Menu!
They messes up my to go order then refused to fix it. The kid at the counter was rude. I asked if i could speak with a manager she said he was to busy. Done with place.
A fun, quirky spot in the old town.  A delicious sandwich menu, but my favorite is the  baked truffle mac and cheese.\n\nA fun spot to grab a coffee and a bite while sight-seeing.
The food is great but the almost hour long wait, in line, is not worth it... It would be a 5 star review if it wasn't such an inconvenience of a wait.. the prices are a little high also but you get what you pay for.
Awesome place. Great service, superb food, and fun drinks. What more could you ask for?
Barbershop conversation is never an issue until the barbers neglect the fact that a lot of their customers are professionals and not looking to spend all day at the shop. Otherwise, you will leave with a good cut. Make a reservation if possible.
Went there with my family on 12/23. That was okay, Buffet... Prime rib and Kobe Steak was good. Paying $50/person during the Christmas time, I was expecting more than that for some reason...
Excellent craft beer list and hot, fresh food. Didn't get to experience live music but, but the look of it, the size of the place probably leads to really loud music. Would definitely go back for the food.
Oh and get the weird maple candy waffles!
Been to many thai places, service at this one is rude and slow, more expensive then most other places and small portions, forget it, dont easte your money!
Steak biscuit Mac and cheese  green beans but no sweet potatoes pie....\nNot sure what all the hype is about this joint??? Guess next time I gotta try the chicken ?!
Best mocha I had in a long time - perfect amount of sweetness in the chocolate, and the espresso used was very very good- - no wifi :( so beware if you plan to stay a while - worth a quick visit
Another location that is also located inside the Belliago Hotel.  This location has a larger varieties of sweet than the one in the Belliago.  To find out all the package pastry is actually made in this located and transported to Belliago.\n\nIt's a Dessert Heaven for Sweet Lovers...
My arse feels like a scene from broke back mountain love this place thank Elaine for your loyalty card
I always get the #10 combo... I love their chicken sandwich!!! I come here 3-4 times a week... Lol
What's not to love about Krispy Kreme Doughnuts? This place has the doughnut maker so I was able to request for a doughnut right off the press! OMG... it was so soft and chewy! I loved every bite! The workers were friendly too! Too bad I live so far away!
Over priced. Hot tub was broke. Showers was cold. I would not stay here again
Food and service was great. This is second time we have eaten here, both times visit was great.
The Library!  Just don't order the wings.  And they beer is in plastic pint glasses because you can walk outside with it...  Other than that, who doesn't love the Library?
I've never had Liberian food, had the dry rice and chicken. It was pretty tasty. The place is a hole in the wall and I'm not sure it's in the safest neighborhood, but if you are feeling adventurous you should try it out.
Absolutely the best restaurant! !! Try the caramel pork chop & lobster.. the view is spectacular.
The rolls suck, but the drinks are great!  A tad pricey though.  Chicken stick appetizer things are good.  I only go here to meet up with friends for a beverage.  I no longer order a real meal at this place.
By far the worst McDonalds I've ever been to. The restaurant is always filthy dirty. The staff is rude and inept. They never get the order correct and when you call them on it they are unapologetic. Unfortunately people still go there simply because of the name. The management of this location should be ashamed.
I gotta say, I always have a great time at Jet. No matter what weekend we go, Jet always comes through with good music, a fun drunk crowd, and generous shots. It's our good enough club when we come to Vegas.
Service was mediocre. The food didn't taste like it was anything to die for. The bacon pancakes were a nice addition, however, I would still choose MiMi's cafe or even Denny's over this breakfast venue.
Excellent and knowledgeable staff. Best running store in Charlotte!  Support local stores and get your running gear here.
Amazing place tucked away behind party city. Amazing food, great service. They serve sushi as well as Pan Asian cuisine. I tried the Singapore Noodle Curry today and was not disappointed! I will definitely go back here!
The food was good however I don't think I would eat here again. \n\n1. The portions they give you is really small. \n2. Customer service sucked. We asked for more side and the lady started putting sides on the table with an attitude. My friends and were scared to ask for things because of that.
If I could give it negative ten I would this location needs to close it's dirty people are rude and every one of the 6 burgers we ordered were wrong
We were in town for an event and had the chicken tikka masala, the samosas, the orange drink with yogurt, the garlic naan and the fried fish.  Loved it all. Mostly like that it was romantically lit, and the service was ok.  I love trying different things.
Much improved. Staff is still great and the food is good. Plus came and hung out with friends while listening to the live music.\nWe started with the Chinita Sampler, it gave everyone a quick taste. Just enough to get us hungry for more. The girls night is a big draw, time to kick back and talk.
Love the queso and guac. Was having a hard time finding a good mexican place in Vegas and this one is great!
Too expensive!  I prefer other sub places like Port of Subs for the same price.  I like picking out my toppings and seeing what they are doing...\n\nThe staff was excellent though.
For the price and the taste of the pizza I will make the drive whenever I possibly can. There is a lot of good Pizza in Arizona and this is definitely one of my top choices. Taste isn't the most unique, but it's always hot, consistent, and cost effective.
We had a company office dinner here and had a great experience.  The service was outstanding and food was very delicious. However, the inside of this place is outdated and needs a face lift.   Well be back again...
Easy as buying flowers!\nGreat place for a guy to find a gift for anyone.
They have great coffee, but the worst hours ever.  They close at 7:00pm on weeknights, and 2:00pm on Sundays!  That makes it impossible to enjoy a relaxing cup of coffee or hang out with friends after work or on the weekends.  Better hours would be a serious boon to their business.
You really do have to know about this place in order to find it.  Its a cool place to go for happy hour. The food is good and the martini's are strong which is what I sometimes need after a long day at work. I have been a few times and no complaints on my end.
If you need your car serviced do yourself a favor and go somewhere else. Manager was of no help to make up the mistake his advisor had done, skip this place and go to scottsdale.
The food at Earl of Sandwich was good, but the restaurant was not what I expected. For whatever reason I assumed I would be visiting a diner, but it was more like a chain restaurant. I wasn't impressed by the side dishes, and the sandwich was good, but it wasn't some sort of epiphany.
The corned beef hash at this place is very good! Service was quick, food was very fresh. Fruit sides were fresh.\nThe coffee is bland, but biscuits are light and fluffy.
Best Coffee Shop in Vegas. Hands down... And that's saying a lot... Wish I had a similar shop on the East Side of L.A., (a couple on the West Side rival though)
Specifically the Southwest terminal is pretty terrible when it comes to food choices on a layover. There are some pretty cool views of the strip as you fly in but in terms of airport amenities..... Just pass right on through
Their so called Mama maternity section was all of a 6 ft rack.  Very disappointing.
Donna was great! Her spray tanning is so much better than the chains, plus she is mobile! Doesn't orange,  looks great and so easy. she is very professional and thorough she wont miss a spot. I will be a repeat customer.
I like this specific DMV because 95% of the staff actually works... Nobody is just walking around doing nothing. Which makes their service fast! And they are always friendly here.
Food was okay, service was really slow, and selection was very poor. They were out of many things which I would think would be standard items. Overall, it was okay for the area, but I will not personally eat here again.
It is small place, yet it has all the popular item form the pacific rim and South Asia. Price is very reasonable. They have live sea food - swimming in a tank.
Although this airport is old, dated and lacking any nice amenities the airport is small and easy to navigate.  The taxi line can get super long but it moves fast so don't be discouraged. \n\nStay away from the slots. Some of the worst odds in the whole city.
Great value for a hotel located on the busy end of Fremont. My room was right next to the stage on Fremont, but I didn't mind the noise. The food at Dupar's downstairs always hit the spot, and the late night dealers/dancers were very friendly. I will definitely consider coming back for my next trip.
This review is for the hotel. The rooms were supposed to be renovated but it's time to renovate again. The rooms are dark and the tub feels like its going to fall through. The rooms seem really dusty and old. The AC is really old and LOUD. The rate were reasonable about $60. No free internet.
Ok, resort did isn't generally all that good. This place was perhaps even better than most in terms of food quality. The service was perhaps the slowest and worst I have ever experienced. Almost two hours for a bunch of burgers...my advice, pick the other restaurant.
See's doesn't just offer my absolute favorite candy, but they offer it with excellent customer service.\n\nI haven't been to one location that didn't have this service with a smile attitude and this See's shop is no different. They had all the seasonal treats available and samples a plenty.
Set near a hip intersection of town, yet very obvious this establishment was there long before. Kind of a bust, and not too friendly when the place is busy - though maybe it's better on a slower night. Also, hope you like a lot of screaming.
Great portions , fresh food , amazing customer service ! Very convenient parking and great area one of my favorite spots
I went in on Wed for a shirt to be altered for an important work event. I told her I needed it by Sat. I went today and alteration wasnt done. She stated she didn't have enough time.Never said that she couldn't have the shirts done on time. No communication and basically blew me off.
Small Business, cheap and great house blend cigars. Manager made feel welcome and even made fresh pot of coffee. Even though I'm on vacation I will be paying a visit to website and call my order in.
Horrible service.  My family went for dinner and sat there for 20 minutes and no one bothered to take our order. They should just put \"Korean only\" and not let anyone else in.
Great car collection but they refused to take their free coupon online without it being printed out which is absurd, a waste of money and trees.  Further the Imperial Palace is truly a dump, it should be torn down.  It smells like sewage and the elevators do not work well.
Great bartender and great selection of drinks.
Exceptional food.   Best Thai I have ever eaten.   My husband is threatening to go to sleep on the bench so he can eat here tomorrow.
Tausana is awesome! She did exactly what I wanted and desperately needed! She is super cool and very down to earth. Did awesome layers for my style (beachy)\n\nSalon is also very nice and trendy. Loved it!
Worst Office Depot ever.  The employee at the copy center doesn't know how to change the copy machine from Legal to letter size. He was extremely rude.
Was not a fan. Went to a few different massage places before. But they definitely tried to just get their time in and out. Would not recommend. \nActually recommend other places... I enjoyed massage envy better.
Not going to explain. Just don't waste your time.
Horrible....horrible.....horrible!!! Don't waste ur money!!! Bad and slow service with an empty restaurant. Unbelievable, I should've know.
3 stars for slot machines in the airport! Other than that it's just like any other airport.
nobody answers the phone ever!
I am not always a big fan of Arirang. Somehow I find that their food is kinda bland. But surprisingly there's lots of Koreans eating at this place. In fact, my Korean prefers this place over Dorcas, which I love to go. Oh well, I am not Korean. What do I know? =)
So our upstairs air unit went out last night and we have now used Deke's twice and had to highly recommend their service! They came out the next day and were able to fix it on site within an hour. Was afraid of getting ripped off after hearing horror stories from others with other people out there but have no worries!!!
This is by far the most worst chipotle I've ever been too.  I just hated how none of the workers were friendly like any other ones.  Secondly they ran out of guacamole, and didn't apologize.  Bad customer service!! Very bad!!!
Not to fond of buffalo chicken and related.  I do not go do bars that much.  This was perhaps okay.
Where to start.  No one out on the floor to help for over 15 minutes and then they send one person to help 30 people.  In line forever.
Definitely a fan of this hip Mexican joint in the Hard Rock!!  Happy Hour is legit.  Get the Appetizer Sampler.  The fried ice cream is off-the-chain!!\n\nWait staff is always friendly and prompt with the food.
I'm a lawyer in NY and I'm visiting a friend in Pittsburgh. I am blown away by the code violations in this unit. The tenants said they have reported these issues to the owner and to no avail. I am hoping to direct these tenants to a lawyer in PA.
My wife bought us beach cruisers there and she thinks thought the service to be awesome.
1st visit to this shop but it won't be my last. I had the Sicilian open faced sandwich. It was delicious!  Prices are good too.
Great service. Did get our order mixed, however let us keep the dish we didn't order free of charged. Food was very good.
Food was great but the service was awful. We never even got refills on our drinks when we asked numerous times. Burger was the best part of the experience.
Gwen put a few feathers in my hair that stayed in for about 3 weeks. She also used a white bead, and I have dark brown hair. WTF? Am I supposed to tell you how to do your job? When I tried to make another appt with her she was too busy, couldn't be bothered.
If you like the mob life you'll love this joint.  Live crooner sinjng the old tunes and he sings them so well.  Food is good Italian fare which is hard to mess up.   The atmosphere is what makes this place special.  Dark dimly lit.   Total mobster speak easy feel
Good dive bar,\n\nServe good drinks.... Yes, even mixed drinks.\n\nPool tables are decent.\n\nThere is a wide variety of bartenders.\n\nI will be back.... Maybe in a few months.
I prefer Petsmart better because they have a better selection and prices. I like Petco for their cookie bar so I can pick up some cookies that are friendly for pets for my pets. That's basically it, I only shop here on occasion because of the location. Go to Pets Inc in Tempe instead for a real shopping experience.
Closed and no one knew  or cared..
Okay tacos and good sauces fair prices nothing to write home about. I don't understand how this can justify five stars. Nothing stands out as that unique or of such quality.
Antony is absolutely amazing! When I made the horrible mistake of bleaching my own hair, he made it look fabulous again and now I can't live without him.
My bacon came from the pig in back, the rosemary in the breakfast potatoes came fresh from a garden in back right next to the chicken coop that layed the eggs that went into the waffle mix.....at least in my mind, because that's how fresh all of the ingredients tasted.
Always good for a beer and semi-healthy snack when you're waiting for your kids to play a game.  AWESOME staff.
Decent, a classic, but a little overhyped.
Very nice staff! It would be not only for the best chocolate to enjoy the shopping experience there.\n\nGodiva chocolate in my opinion is the best chocolate, but also one of the most expensive.
Vito's is pretty good food, not the top on my list but my husband and I will go here for a special occasion from time to time when we cant get in elsewhere and it does the job.
You guys are insane. This pizza is horrible. I came here with my group after hearing all the hype on yelp only to pay for over priced and over salted mall pizza. The service also left a bad taste in my mouth. Keep this pizza a secret.
Really nice venue for a show! Intimate environment. Not too large. Not a bad seat in the venue. Food was good! Prices were good. Service was good until seats started filling up, then it seemed as if they could use another server or 2.
This is the secret lunch happy hour lol. Food was wonderfull excellent service and the cheapest drinkest! We usually go to Cordon Bleu but the have closed down there public kitchens. I am so happy I was forced to discover this gem!
I don't get it. \nIt's just a regular burger, regular fries and regular cheese curds. \nCompletely regular.
Don't bother with this place unless you have a big order that will make them money. I just needed some labels for a growler. I was never called back, emailed, nothing. They completely forgot about me.
This place wants to be Postino, but has worse wine and the food is subpar. We went on a Saturday and out was so loud we could not have a conversation because our was too loud. We will not be going back, try postino if you want a good wine bar.
This place is terrible. Came here on my visit to Scottsdale and a fight broke out knocking into my girlfriend and I. Will never return.
Literally the best cupcakes I've ever had in my life.\n\nI'm addicted to their red velvet cupcakes and their black and white is so amazing.\n\nMmmmm\n\n4 stars because customer service could be a tad better.
I had a spray tan before going to a wedding.  I did not shower for 24 hours.  You could not tell that I had had a spray tan 48 hours later.  I went back to them and was told that it must be my skin.  Definitely will try again since have good success before.Very clean location.
I love this museum....and i love the gift shop which has a gazillion beads to look at. Don't ask me what i would do with something if i bought it but it is fun to look!
had them through my home warranty and they charged me 500 for a fan motor on my AC...way over priced but I was desperate and wanted it fixed. the new fan still didnt fix problem so it was a pretty big rip off. Would not recommend.
This place is excellent. Great tasting food and atmosphere. They have a real comfortable  patio area and the staff are very friendly and attentive to the customers needs. Had some of the best tasting food in a long time here and dessert was excellent as well. Would highly recommend this as a top place to have dinner to anyone.
Although the address is correct,  when you use the directions on the Yelp mobile app you are directed to the AIRPORT, not the restaurant about a half mile down the road off Sunset. The food and salad bar isn't too bad. How many filets and potatoes can you really eat until you feel terribly full.
I've been having difficulty trying to add a review here, because there have been so many good meals I've had there. However, the last time we went, I wasn't terribly impressed with the food. I would have to agree with the other reviewers that it seems to be going down in quality.
Horrible service employees don't care. Give you wrong sandwiches. Get the old people back that ran it. These new people suck. And the roast beef was dry sitting on a tray all day.funny how all the  good reviews were before the new crew. Wake up!!!!! You new people suck
Amazing food that is not overly expensive. Great place for lunch! Every time I come here I try something different and its good each time.
The food is overpriced, and of medium quality. Try the larp for something authentic.\n\nI won't be coming back with more than 1 friend though since they refused to split a check with multiple credit cards. Very inconvenient.
Open 24 hours is the key. Good food at any time. Gyros are their specialty and are very good. Remember it is a diner.  The decor is out dated.
Found this place through my boyfriends mother she's a regular client there. The prices are cheap compared to resort spas. Service and staff are really great. April the massage therapist is AMAZING! Christina the esthetician is also great. Well be making monthly visits! ;)
Not impressed, had their signature Frozen hot chocolate desert, very much like a Cinnabon chiller with more whip cream and chocolate slivers for twice the price, food came out way too slow and the service was mediocre at best, one and done.
We come here often! The food is excellent and fresh. We have great service and enjoy the ambiance. They have delicious salsa and you can ask for one a bit hotter and wow it's great! They also have great lemonade!!\n\nDuring the week they have very reasonable lunch specials!
Two words: Bohemian Rhapsody!
Good food, horrible customer service. I have been to this place three time. The carne asada was a little tough to eat but the flavor was good. The cashier/waitress seems like she hates her job, she always has a horrible attitude.
Online awesome price was reasonable 30 min fromy last click to my door! Pizza was good. Thin crust beef n japs! Dude was nice. Hell for $19 bucks what do u want...my mouth is happy
An ok Pizza place that tends to be a little expensive considering the quality. But the upside of Papa Johns Pizza is that you know exactly what you are getting.
One of my favorite clubs in Las Vegas.  It's beautifully decorated and the vibe here is always great.  Prices are the same as every other club in Vegas, so can't complain about that.  \n\nThe view of the fountain show tops it off.
Stopped in for a late Sunday breakfast & it did not disappoint! I had the ham, egg, bean, & cheese burrito! Yum! I'll be back! They have a burrito bowl option if you want to forego the tortilla.
This place is the worst.  Playing pool and drinking beer and the waitress told us if we wanted a glass of water we could pay for a bottle of water or use the drinking fountain.  WTF.  This place should be avoided at all costs.
Beutifull modern decor  with ok food . However they are always understaffed and very slow to serve you, the management are not very helpful and will not do anything to meet or attend any of your needs.  If it is the last place to get a bite to eat., this the place.   In summary an expensive cafeteria !
I love this place! It is my boyfriend and I's go to spot for Sushi. They have a great variety, and as someone who does not eat raw fish, I love how many options they have with shrimp, crab, and lobster. I would have to say I eat here once a month and I will continue to go here.
They ignored our attempts to order and would not acknowledge us at the window when we tried to see if anyone was even there. So rude and the food is cold.
I used to go here all the time and it's usually great service but there new staff is dreadful  the last few times I have gone it's nothing but rude service here I was fed up the last time I went where I was yelled at , last time I go there
Very overpriced and merely adequate food. Think Denny's with LV hotel prices.  I will not return.
It was ok. Will not be back. Textured my hair so I kinda look bald up front, not cool.
Neat spot. Came for a quick lunch and had a very delicious salad. Excited to get back for pizza.
Turkey bacon avocado- its a must!
Monster Framing & Art Gallery really helped me make the right choice for a romantic gift.  These guys are really knowledgeable about all the different options for custom framing and were very patient in helping me create the perfect gift.
Food was terrible. Do yourself a favor and head 1 block south to four peaks. This place will probably be shut down in 3 months.
Stayed there for a week long conference. prices at their bar downstairs are ridiculously expensive. Hotel overall seemed kind of run down and dirty. Service was ok. \n\nI'd rather stay at the Bellagio.
A hidden jem! Get the cajun fish tacos, so delicious!  The chips were crisp and not stale and the salsa a touch spicy loke I like it.   Pacifico is only $2.95 for a 16oz draft, it doesnt get any be than that!
Awesome food prices and great bartenders!
pretty busy at around 7 AM on a friday... i waited 20 minutes for my drink and they forgot my peppermint! :/  not the best starbucks experience i've had.  BUT they do have a drive-thru.  wonder if that line would have moved faster...
Very bad food. Everything tasted really salty. The ambience is ok. Mom and pop'ish but food was not good. They even messed up the guacamole
Avoid at all costs unless you enjoy standing in line watching 4 people try to figure out how a burrito is made.  Slowest location I've ever seen, even when there's no line.  Never going back.
So I won 2-for-1 drinks at theHeart Bar. The were both super weak drinks. \n\nThey played some cool music, though... \n\nMore wairesses in lingerie. Ugh.
The store is lovely, sadly the sales associates are not.  This store is located in Crystals Shopping Center which has only high end stores.  There wasn't a single other store that was as snooty as this one.  Not Fun.
Best Mexican I've had in AZ. Callie is a sweety and the owner is really cool. I recommend .
As of 11 Nov, 2010, this store is open.
I liked there food alot. We would order almost every weekend. There food was fresh the people are friendly I don't know why it's so empty if it's good
I got a lemonade and a burger.\nIt was $26.\nNo thank you.\nWAYYYYYYYYYYY too $$ for what I got.
Holy crap this place got my attention with a cake that looked like a full drum set in the window and a cronut sign. This is definitely the place if you want an amazing quite cake but the cronut was the best thing I've ever put in my mouth. It was unbelievable!
A quaint little neighborhood bar. Delicious sandwiches. Super nice northsiders. What more can you really ask for?
We've been here a couple of times.  Food is always good and so is the service. We'll definitely be back.
Excelentes precios!! Y la comida esta muy rica. La limpieza es excelente y las personas que atienden son muy amables
Giod one
the space is weird and is in desperate need of some tlc.  the food is not my style.  it lacks flavor and the menu choices are just not interesting.
Best thing about this place is \"Big Tyme\" the DJ who spins there every Friday. Everything else aside from the decor is for the birds. Ya man
Burger und Beer. Eine g\u00fcnstige Alternative zu den Lokalen in der Nachbarschaft. Dienstag auch allyoucaneat-Buffet.
Where's the Organic section?\n\nWhere's the Fresh Mozzarella floating in water?  I wanted to make Caprese, but their artisan meats and cheeses were lacking.\n\nAfter checkout, I bought 5 scratchers and didn't win anything!
Thank you Ariel for helping me find the glasses I want!! Even though you didn't stock them you got me to the right location.
Dope shop! Chill employees with tons of information and facts on all of your needs! Cool music too. I feel comfy in here with the couches and the vibe
Reasonable all you can eat price and they have good service\nFish is fresh enough to enjoy\nWorth to try
They rescheduled twice, then tried moving us to the Monte Carlo location one hour before our reservation. Yeah, no thanks.
Lissette said it best, don't even bother if you're not on a guestlist. But also, of the 2 times I've been, service was very poor.
Meh.. maybe I needed to be drunk to enjoy THIS  pizza.
Good on the usual suspects but other than that don't get too crazy on the others.    Service not good
Do not go to Allure...  I went for a chemical peel and my skin was literally burned!  The damage to my skin was awful and a week later it is still trying to heal.  It was very painful and I would never go back.
Came here for restaurant week, they really had a nice selection for $30, had the wedge salad, the sirloin Oscar with a twice baked potato, and a fudge brownie for dessert. Waitress was awesome and food was good!
24-hour wing place sounds good to me! customer service is A-ok. hit or miss sometimes. \n\nfood: i wish the wings were a little bit bigger!!!!!\n\nMUST TRY THE Mango habenero!!!!!!
Amazing food!  Amazing staff! Amazing talent and atmosphere! Can't wait to go back! We celebrated the new year in class! This was such a lovely venue and great time!
Average Chinese, not bad but it would be so easy to make it better! Strip prices, above strip-average portions.
My client and I took a shot in the dark on this place being we never had or heard of it. But it was top notch! I had the yellow chicken curry with rice level 5 spicy! REALLY good. I'd recommend it and I'll definitely be back! Plus great customer service! Thank you guys
The sweet pork is delicious. Getting it \"smothered\" is worth the 99\u00a2 but all in all it was a tad bit pricy for what you get.
We wanted an evening away from the hubbub and ding ding of the Strip, so we headed out to Off The  Strip which is about 12 miles away. It is a small bar/restaurant with a pleasant atmosphere. The food was excellent and so was the service staff. I will definitely be back in future trips to this area.
Nora's restaurant is always excellent, the antipasto is the best in town.food is always delicious, however not happy they charge if you want a second basket of garlic bread and they do not serve cream for the coffee.
Very good bubble milk tea. I would like to see Thai ice tea and sesame bubble milk added to the menu, but still VERY good!
Totally NOT worth the money! Microwaved chicken teriyaki.. Rubbery chewy yucky. Noodles were old and stuck together like they were left out over night. Worst experience ever with thai food. They should be ashamed of their lazy cheap ways.
Yummy quick lunch.
Excellent as always!  Had the 1/2 off bottle of wine on Sundays, followed by the\nbaked clams and stuffed pork chops.  Also always get a side order of meatballs to split for an appetizer.  The service is terrific and the live music creates the perfect evening!
Average Italian food, nothing special. It is in a nice location near the fountain inside the mall though.
Overpriced, miserable excues for a bar. 2 bud lights and 2 waters =$30.00.
After hearing how great Jimmy John's is, I decided to go in myself and see what all the fuss was about. To be honest the sandwich wasn't good. I gave them 2 stars for having good customer service and for being so quick.
Checked their hours online & called to verify *for that day*. Drove 45 minutes to their store only to see a sign that read, \"Be back in 2 hours.\" Absolutely absurd! Thanks for wasting my time & not informing me of this on the phone.
Terrible service, overrated food.
Please don't contact me purposely offering me VIP concierges to make up for my bad experience. That stuff just makes it worse. Why are you trying to offer me bottle service rather than apologizing, hakkasan? -1 star.
Discovered The Burger Bar this weekend and had the best damn turkey burger EVER! I'm totally willing to overlook almost being locked the restaurant when I went to the restroom (actually we all got a good chuckle out of this). GREAT JOB GUYS...I'll be back!
A very nice looking Italian store with great looking displayed items and a full kitchen with large tables.  We were there early and not yet ready for lunch but we would not hesitate to try their menu of the day the next time in town.  Very friendly staff.
Love this place we have been coming here since it first opened. The staff treat you  like family and take the time to great you and see how you are doing... I would recommend this place to anybody...
Good food, good service, strange music. I actually heard an Asian style insturmental version of Biz Markie's \" You got what I need\". \n\nDo yourself a favor .... order the Duck Mint.   Very tasty.
We would not dine there again.  The food was bland and flavorless.  The atmosphere and pasta weren't bad.  My husband also said the espresso wasn't bad.  I think they cater to the over 65 crowd.
The sales guys try and trick you into paying more. No ethics in this company. Go there ready to argue.
Man this is my favorite chinese place in the queen city by far.
I've been going here for the last twenty years and I still enjoy it.  If you want to learn about the Sonoran Desert and revel in it's beauty, this is one of the best places to go.  It also has a great section devoted to the native people of this area and how they used the native plants in their everyday lives.
The Habit is a good change from normal burger joints. It's like a classy, \"Carl's Jr.\" Their menu is OK and the service was decent. The parking during lunch time is tough so get there early.
I order a half order of the bacon onion skillet, It was very good, and the right amount of food for me, orange juice was fresh, although they forgot my order of toast. Overall a good breakfast experience.
pretty good burger, friendly staff, the spiked mint oreo milkshake was really good (but also $12) kind of weiner-y atmosphere and couldn't tell id it was a joke or not
This place was fun until one of the owners took out the skee ball machine because our group kept winning the $.50 beers all night long. Thanks and won't be going to this bar again.
Not very tasty, but if you're gonna get something get the albacore tuna melt sandwich & the tomato basil soup. Everything else was sucky such as the ribeye, salmon, veggies, and even the fries. How can you mess up french fries? Boo.
I must say with respect for the Thai culture, this resturaunt did slightly impress me with one of their chicken curry dishes, service was pleasant, and I do believe I shall return.
Awful chinese food.  There are so many better places around south Charlotte than this sad excuse of a restaurant.  The food is tasteless, service is crappy, restaurant is dirty.  Please do yourself a favor and skip.
I LOVE target but this one has gone way downhill. It's so dirty compared to the flamingo location. Parking is always a hassle and employees are unprofessional and not friendly. Not coming back.
Went to BM for brunch.  We ordered the grilled cheese and lentil soup.  Food was quite good, as well as the cocktails and service.  I would definitely recommend.
I purchased a Groupon for a haircut and I had Chelsea as my stylist. She was very friendly and talkative. I absolutely loved how my hair turned out and I will be back to see her again!
I was very impressed with this place!! when I ordered my turkey sandwich, They put some MEAT on that thing!! not like other places that only give you 3 slices!! So I will definitely be going back there!!! Staff was also very friendly as well :)
The thai food was not good. The crab rangoons were edible. The pad thai was terrible.  The chicken seemed fake. I love thai food and can pretty much eat any sort of noodle dish, but I just threw it away. Maybe their Chinese food is better?
Been here twice. Never dissapointed. Really good pizzas, and good service.
everything here is pretty good.  Kids ordered spaghetti and meatballs, which they loved.  My husband and I shared a Modesto pizza and that was amazing, craving it as I'm writing this review haha.  The only thing that wasn't good was the minestrone soup, too salty for me
Clean gym, thats all it got going for it\u3002 Everything else sucks. Weights only go up to 60lbs, no Squat rack,no bench, no deadlifts allowed. Smith machine doesn't count!
Just had their ramen burger, cauliflower soup and their fingerling potatoes and I'm leaving with a huge smile. Great food, creative whimsical dishes, and superb service.
Prompt service, friendly and knowledgable. Will definitely use again for future plumbing needs
Came here for dinner - the food was pretty decent and the service was very prompt and friendly.  I've been to other locations before and enjoyed the experience as well.  May come back to try other dishes and see if they get a bit more *exciting* or if it continues to just be standard fare.
Yum! This place is good! \n\nNice and clean, interesting variety with nutrition info included for each flavor! \n\nMy daughter is super picky with her toppings and this place is a winner. Price is right, too. Will be back.
LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!!I..its very clean ..the best selection of produce..carne asada and the freshest tortillas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Had dinner downstairs. We decided on sushi. We had a table of five. Enjoyed the rolls, Tuna Flowers were delicious. The prices were not bad and the service was good. If you want a more intimate/quiet dinner than eat upstairs.
Old school. Delicious. Family owned. Talk to Joe! You'll especially appreciate this place if your from back East. Philly cheese steak and chicken salad are winners.
Not my favorite
Horrible happy hour martinis - unless you like pure sugar syrup. Food is not much better. Would not recommend it.
amazing doctors, they really take the time to explain everything to me...now we have a great treatment plan and I'm soooooo happy I'm getting the best treatment! My pain is gone!!!! Couldn't recommend more!
I was in the drive thru about 10 minutes before they closed and the girl came over the speaker and said they were out of food and closed......ok
Went to the one near cave creek. I had the bacon chicken fajitas. I GOT FOOD POISONING !! BE CAREFULLLLLL :/ I have always been coming here, but for now I'll be taking a break from here !!
Clean and well stocked with candy and ice cream.  Wish it was closer to my house!
For some reason pay $100 for steak feels better than paying $21 for burger.  It's expensive and doesn't include fries.  It's not as good as I had expected but damn, it's good!
Very nice Sunday brunch. Varied menu. Tasty food.  Adjacent to the Capitol Building.  Not as crowded as some of the other brunch places ( with food just as good).
Really nice laid back place with descent prices.  Pita bread is also very good as it is made on site.  Very healthy and great side dishes, such as quinoa and oven baked potato fries.  However, most of the food and sauces are quite bland on the tastebuds. The food definitely needs a lot more flavor.
Stay here at least once a year, for the money you can't beat it, just don't end up in the \"Garden\" its a two story building with no elevator and lots of questionable people coming and going. If you get a tower room, its nice, clean, large, and really a great value.
Our usual stop for Sat morning breakfast! Can't beat the traditional day starter.  Simple and filling!
I like the pizza. Pretty cheap, can have a quick dinner provided you order it 20 mins before you can pick it up. Sometimes the crust gets really hard but yeah cant expect a great one for 5 bucks.
Is there a more snobby place to shop in the valley...  The selection is incredibly limited, everything's priced at least twice as much as it should be, and the staff is so incredibly unhelpful, if they were any less so the front door would be padlocked shut....
Brian is phenomenal! We're going to him since 2003 and love his service and  professionalism. He does what he say, when he say, how he say. Service like this is hard to come by these days. I highly recommend this guy to friends, family and everyone who need window tinted. Thank you Brian :D
All I can say is it's ether a HIT or a MISS ! Ngek. Some days you'll get the best of both worlds good chow and good service and some days will just be \" what Happened?\" Sigh :(
The Bluebird sandwich is my all time fav! Highly recommend  any of the homemade soups. Great locally owned place that makes great coffee too!
Beer in a bottle and margaritas STILL only $1.00 each.  That's reason enough to hang out here for awhile.  Recommended.
Conceptually, I think this place is great.  Beautiful design, clean, efficient system.  I am very disappointed with their work, though.  My gel manicure was $35 and looked rough from the moment I walked out the door.  See photo from 8/2 of light pink polish.
This is NOT a Church affiliated to the Roman Catholic Church.  It is a Schismatic Community.  If you are not familiar with this church or are new in town AND you are Roman Catholic, attending services at this location will NOT fulfill your duty of attending mass.
Worst service in town.. and the drinks were next to atrocious!
Classic All- American.  Top notch service.
I went the other day to get some of my jewelry appraised, they only offered me $8 a gram for 18k gold, (it's worth $31 a gram) !!! What a rip off!
The best place for Chicken Dum biryani. Other non-veg dishes are good. Menu is small but covers most of the basic dishes. \n\nVery cheap also. Highly recommended
Delicious food, great service! Our food was very fresh and hot when it arrived at our table. The wait staff were very friendly and very attentive. Thank you for a pleasant dining experience, we will return.
Solid for breakfast.  Basic but well executed menu.  Eggs Benedict with eggs done perfectly, but bland sauce.  Pancakes fluffy and cooked right.  Pricey for breakfast, but hey . . . it's Vegas.
Beautiful. Half hike & half scrambling. This trail is fun. Amazing views. Lots of people. Dog friendly.  Tough to find parking. Definitely worth checking out.
My burger had a fried egg in it, totally hit the spot after a night of drinking. The vanilla milkshake was probably the most delicious item there. The fries were delicious when dipped into the chipotle ketchup sauce. The decor was a lil boring but the food was great.
I came here once and my experience was just like the rest of the reviewers; my car came out clean but it was a barrage of up-sell nightmares. These guys must be awful at bars with the way get rejected over and over and never get the hint. Not coming back.
fall in phoenix was made for the main ingredient. \nwho doesn't love an all day happy hour sunday/monday patio situation? a little hip hop, a lot of wine, an amazing mac and cheese. what a great day.
Id rather go to a Chinese buffet in NY. The steak is like chewing gummy bears without flavor.
I tried to order a dress with this store but never again. The sales lady, Kathy, was extremely rude and difficult with the entire process. I ended up canceling the stupid thing (hope they're commission based) and going to Dior. I will NEVER go through this store again. RIDICULOUS.
The best meal I ate in Vegas.  I shared the Chicken Benedict.  It was soooooo good. Come hungry.  I will go back next time I go to Vegas.
hands down the best tatty bar ever! private dances, fully nude, hot girls whom whose daddie's i thank ever so greatly for not loving them.  no booze but hey...what do u think the parking lot is for?  BRILLIANT!
Mastro's has a reputation for being the best in Phoenix and they did not disappoint. I had the salmon (not a big fan of Steak) and it was excellent as were the shoestring fries.
Sushi was good but not as good as Sushi Samba in Venetian mall which was cheaper.  We only ordered basic rolls: eel avocado was best tasting,  shrimp tempura was somewhat disappointing.  Big plus for waiter though, he was very friendly and patient even after it was apparent we were only order a few basic rolls and water.
Asians unite! Pinoy power! If you love anything asian this is the place for you! Jollibee and chow king are located within seafood city. Tons of asian influenced foods and gadgets a like.
These guys were excellent. They came on short notice, were reasonably priced and did a great job. Nathan and his guys showed up on time, made good use of time and carefully and professionally moved our home. We absolutely will use them again if we move and I highly recommend their services.
Great time and atmosphere. Had a nice table on the patio. Our waiter Chris gave us some great recommendations. The scallops were absolutely divine! As were the braised short ribs. Don't miss the mussels. They came in this light creamy broth that was OMG-good when dipped with the toasted bread. Wow!
This casino has a great atmosphere, amazing places to eat, and a very clean movie theater. It doesn't get much better than that. I think that it's great that it's off of the strip and that it's more a place for locals than tourists.
Wasn't sure about trying this place but I definitely enjoyed it. Although it is a sports restaurant with plenty of TVs at good angles to catch the action, it's not loud, as someplace like Buffalo Wild Wings can be. I absolutely loved their mushroom and zucchini appetizer, and my sandwich was yummy too.
My family was very sad to see the shape the animals were in.  If I could post pictures here I would,  spent $22 and got 5 upset animal lovers.  I hope Christmas time will be better.
Do not eat the eggs Benedict... Nasty, plain and simple... The service was sub-par at best... I really don't understand what all of the hype is about... I would not come here again
Love this place! The breakfast is amazing. The spicy potatoes and pancakes are to die for!!
My first visit was incredible... From check in to dr. Noggle very professional.  Thank you yelpers for the advice and recomendation, i feel like a new person
Not keen on the Christmas Decorations. In one location a Christmas Tree was hung upside down. Disrespectful!
Very impressed and completely satisfied with our lunch visit. We had the Chicken Lo Mein, General Tso Chicken and Orange Chicken lunch specials. Very generous portions for a great price. The food was authentic and so very good. So Glad we found this gem and looking forward to our next visit to try the many other items on their menu.
The service was horrible the guy who owned the place told me as I ordered \"if you like my place you better start bringing cash cuz were done with debit and credit cards???? What a way to approach the situation... have to say food was great!! But poorly organized and poor service
It is a novelty restaurant.  So the nurses look good but the food is not the best. If you are there for the novelty of getting a free burger or to get spanked by the nurses it is cool. If you are looking for a great meal you may choose other options.
They have the BEST prime rib in Las Vegas!! i am salivating as I write..it was soo tender, juicy and so tasteful. Your tastebuds will thank you :)
Worth every penny! The service was impeccable like a finely orchestrated musical. Wonderful older ambience! Was waiting for Sammy Davis Jr. to sit down with me. The rib eye was cooked medium well to perfection. Made my trip to the Wynn a memorable experience.
amazing! amazing! amazing! going to see it again and again :) GO SEE IT!
Just stopped in for a quick drink at the front bar. Don't know why I'm even writing a review. It was cool, no complaints.
I don't know, I think its overrated. its nothing too special. they over load their sandwiches with mayonnaise, butter, and other oily fats. maybe it's just me since i'm a bit of a health freak. butttt my boyfriend is all about it.
taste, and presentation was excellent , service was not at same level but it's worth the trip, best chile relleno and quest fundido I've ever had!
Good pizza for $9.99 two slice of pizza and drink for $9.99.
this place is awful. service is bad - do yourself a favor and go to 112! better food, prices & service.\n\nand no i do not work for 112 - i was just so displeased with my experience here!
No idea why it took me until the weekend just past to go for a drink here. Such a pleasant pub in terms of service, atmosphere, ales & music that I'm tempted to make it a regular Friday night pit-stop.
Good food, service is spotty, bar has a weird feel but they have the closest thing to a Pittsburgh hoagie that I can get so... yeah.
Good shrimp ap with a real nice spicy kick. \n\nFor about 20 bucks less then flemmings or ruth crist my friend and I got to amazingly good steaks.  Next time I come to Madison I'm eating here again.
Wonderful Vietnamese sandwich shoppe. Their baguettes are great hot out of the oven with butter or in one of their many sandwich choices. They have a modest selection of baked goods along with some of the best egg rolls around. Bring cash or your ATM card as no credit cards are accepted but they have an ATM on premises.
Rick did a great job tinting my Lexus GS with 3m crystalline film. His pricing is very competitive and for 7 windows, he was done in about 3-4 hours. He even dropped me off at my office down the street. Great guy to work with, especially if you want 3M crystalline.
I have been here a few times..each time worst than the last. Im not going back...ever. Yes they are rude and I paid near Starbucks prices for a latte that was so awful I poured it out. I am a coffee fanatic and will gladly give my business elsewhere.
Terrible pedicure and terrible gel nails. Not a good color selection and they don't put the polish up to your cuticles so both only lasted barely a week. On top of it lady told me only to bring tip in cash, shouldn't even tipped her at that point.
Boneless Wings had a tasty sauce, but not enough sauce and too much coating for my taste.
Food wasn't that good. gyro had meat that was flat and lacked flavor.  seemed over priced too.
No waiting. The location was well decorated and lit. The experience was very relaxing. I got a very nice haircut, and it only cost me $17.
Awesome shop. Bought the $10 for $25.00 deal on yelp for the smog test. They got me rite in with no appointment and they accepted the coupon rite off of my smart phone with no problems at all. Inspection only took 15 minutes. Would highly reccomend.
Overpriced compared to Home Depot and there is just WAY too much clutter. Do not shop here if you are claustrophobic.
Worst customer service ever. Rude, condescending, and lacking in basic communication skills.
Great authentic Chinese food. If dim sum makes you uncertain they have a very comprehensive regular menu. Generals chicken, while basic, is full of flavor. \nStaff is excellent and very quick which is typical of legit Chinese establishments.
I will not be going back because the owner would not honor my $15 groupon.  My waitress asked her 2 times and she said no.  There are plenty of great places in North Scottsdale...this is not one of them.
Incredible experience!  The staff and general manager were the best we have ever experienced anywhere in the country!  I cannot overstate how pleasurable this experience was for my wife and I!  If you are in Las Vegas, do yourself a favor and dine at the Sugar Factory on the strip, you will remember it for years to come!
Very nice location with really nice employees and very good, fresh produce.  You can't beat the weekly deals and the gluten free selection is quite wonderful.  I can shop gluten free and vegetarian for my daughter with ease here.
Went in on a Friday night and sat on the patio where we enjoyed great live music and a beautiful ambiance. The food was delicious as well (I had the scallops and my boyfriend ordered the vegetarian platter, with a side of the Mac and cheese-all of which were amazing) Would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone
Cute atmosphere, horrible service. We sat down at a table and waited 25 minutes. We were never acknowledged even though the waitress sat down at the table next to us and had a conversation with the party. She came and went at least 3 times and never stopped to ask if we had been helped.
Back again for another family member, hospital is great - the cafe this time.... Not so much.   Could the grill \"chef\" be any less happy to be working?
Is now cobblestone. Higher prices. Wash is even worse than before. \"Vacuum\" and they left kids crumbs on seat and wrappers on the floor. What a joke.  Won't be back.
By far the best salon I have ever been to. I am always nervous about cutting/coloring my hair, but Marissa is consistently amazing. D'Lisa is also fantastic, and tames my brows to perfection in minutes. I've sent my boyfriend here, and would recommend this salon to all friends and family. A++!
An interesting museum to see especially for the dinosaur bones and mineral hall.  The building itself is old and interesting but this is not one of my favorite museums ever as I find a lot of it to be a bit boring.
5 star car wash, expensive gas, horrible wait time at the lube especially if you want a smog check. There is a McD inside which is a plus. Just ok.
The few times I've been inside this bank there's been  no one else there. So naturally they were pretty quick with service.
Decent by far not the best. The vermicelli noodles were undercooked. If you order the brisket pho you will only get three thin slices  in your bowl. But it did hit the spot after all night of drinking.
These guys are the worst. Stsy away. Dispatcher is rude beyond belief.
The food and pastries here were fantastic. The service was very friendly. Their pricing is extremely high and not locals friendly.
Solid 4-star restaurant. The nachos are a MUST HAVE!  They are worth the $$. Burgers are ok and I wish I didn't get the shake. Tasted like a Wendy's frosty.
While on vacation the Dr. Updated me about the dental cleaning . Never expected that. We will not be going anywhere else . I strongly recommend Dr. Roach he and his staff are great 5times over.
Oh My Goodness!! Oh My Goodness!!! Don't walk run folks....
Andrea is a complete flake.  She advised she would watch my pet over the holidays and cancelled after it was too late to find another pet sitter.
If you want to contract an STD, have your clothes ruined by indoor smoking, and drink cheap PBRs...then this place is for you.\n\nI love dive bars, but this place is the trashiest of the trash.
After spending my morning in the office I decided to explore a bit and grab a bite to eat. I stumbled upon this place and I couldnt be happier with the whole experience. Amazing food and amazing people.
Atmosphere is nice and very good place to grab a bite to eat. The service was good and wasn't too crowded for a long wait. This is one of the better sports bar's I've been to and definitely will be back for my business.
Quick, friendly, easy. Gotta love easy shipping.  All the supplies are fully stocked and easily accessible.  Clerks are super friendly and helpful as well.  They made shipping my surplus of purchases back home to Jersey super easy.
It's a must for reverse happy hour. Very cheap prices. I had the best time tonight with a group of five. Received our food very fast and the service was great. Thanks Josh you were awesome.
Adequate facility for training bodies.\nPlenty various machines. Locker room clean and staff courteous on most occassions.
I wouldn't have given it a star if that was an option.  Horrible food!  Jade Red Chicken had a good flavor, but it was extremly greasy and I'm not sure what part of the chiken they used.  Not a very clean looking place.  Will not be going there again.
Slow, dirty, out of the \"wrap\" for the wraps, kids running wild all over and have been waiting 15 mins for my food. I will never come back. I don't expect high quality food, but there are much better locations elsewhere.
Although the chicken teriyaki tasted decent, the service wasn't too great. The Thai tea sucked too, I had to take it back and it still wasn't good.
All good. They did what they said, when they said for the price they said... and no surprises. I've been jacked around plenty at repair shops and so am always worried when I take my car somewhere new, but I had no problems.
This place has got to step up it's game to compete with the big boys. First off, fix your damn entrance because the elevator was broken and it was 100+ degrees in the shade. Second, I am hoping you go the way of The Frontier and renovate. Survival of the fittest.
Outdoor seating location is probably the best on the strip.  However, beware of the steak sandwich.  Seems like the meat came straight out of the fridge... cold, unbooked and no taste.
Great looking place & the servers could not be nicer...food is really over \nhyped & expensive for the portion size.  Phoenix is beginning to get a glut\nof over-Gringoized taquerias (Urban Taco, Taco Haus, Joyride Tacos, etc).
Creepy looking outside- Cute looking inside.\n\nI had the enchiladas with an over easy egg on top.  It was delicious.\n\nI think the bill was quite high.  I enjoy the food as much at a lower price over at Mi Patio.
Really amazing food. Fantastic fresh juices and smoothies. And the service is very personable and great.  The staff are always welcoming, friendly and helpful.
This place is more packed on the weekend then some bars out here. Try the choclate hazelnut gelato!
Delightfully good. California rolls can be a little bit bigger, but made fresh right there, their egg rolls were the deal breaker.. so yummy. Definately will be back when I am in the area.
They charged us $250 for someone smoking next door to us.  Beware of them because they will screw you as well.
It seems like its a big club, but the dance floor is relatively small. Bouncers were giving me a hard time, just didn't get a good vibe from the club.
We love Jersey Mike's everyone is so nice and the food is delicious! We eat here a lot and have always had the best service. We've been at all different times of days and have had different people help us and each time they take great care of us.
Typical Starbucks.  Was very busy on a Sunday, with about 10 people in line at 11am.  The outdoor area is okay...looks over the parking lot.  Bathroom was pretty dirty--typical for most Starbucks.  The coffees were ok.
Love this place. I went on a waxing sabbatical for a while, because every time someone did my brows they over-did it (and I just looked surprised all the time). Everyone at this salon does a great job, but Bree is my go-to girl. She's very professional, sweet and skilled.
I have never actually been inside but have watched from the open patio area. Seems like a cool place. I saw a couple get engaged there.
Food was ok.  Front desk counter woman was a real jerk.  Didn't greet with a smile, ask how I was, ask how my meal was or say thank you for my business. \n\nI would never go back here again.
Great ice- cream great service; they let is sample everything until I settled for the cocoanut 7 layer bar on the biggest cone they have. Best ice-cream I had in a long time. My daughters loved it! Just wish they had pistachio flavor had to settle for the half pint from the freezer.
It was fine until the girl stocking in the grocery section just stared at me, then gave me a dirty look and turned around.
Went back again this weekend- the service was much better. Carne asada tacos are still delicious. Papa loca is great- packed with lots of meat.
Awesome service and and one of the only places I've found to get genuine Yerba Mate in MTL. Alvin was our server and gave the place a fantastic chill and laid back vibe. Will be sure to go back soon.
Brand new business...family owned, great atmosphere.  The cappuccino and sandwich were excellent!  WI-FI too.
Honestly this place has taken over as the best Dim Sum place in the East Valley, and possibly all of Arizona if Great Wall doesn't step their game up.  One dish that you need to order here is the Xiao Long Bao, it is no Din Tai Fung but it makes me happy with every soup exploding bite.
I can't help it, I love the chicken tacos. Why do they have to be soo cheap & tasty! ?
try the sesame chicken or mixed vegetables w fried tofu- ask for it spicy. the owners are very nice too.
The service was great but the food was sub-par.  When the food arrived it was on the cold side and wasn't very tasty.  I ordered the eggs Benedict my friend ordered Spanish omelet which was cold as well.
Usual Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf menu but much more laid-back than many other locations.  Usually lots of space to sit and enjoy your drink and the climate-controlled environment in the store.  Friendly staff, too.
Its a great convenience stop since I commute by that store. Always clean and organized. I usually prefer early AM to shop before it gets busy. Customer service is always friendly and courteous; the majority of these workers I have seen been working at this store for a very long time and they know what true customer service.
Food and service were decent nothing impressive. We had the pub burgers which turned out to be ok. The seasonal punch - way too sweet, and  pork belly appetizers which were the highlight of the meal.\n\nI think the brunch will fare better.
Clothing reasonable priced. Customer Service needs to improve. The two girls that were there, gossiping about how they hated working with another girl that worked there. I was greeted when I walked in but then was ignored.
Horrible service! Owner us very rude and blamed us for being busy slow with service.
Try the white pizza. You won't regret it. People writing reviews about it being too greasy are clueless. News flash folks, NY pizza isn't authentic without the thin crust and a little grease. Nice option for a local joint with no frills.
Have again: 3 stars for the Cobb salad, which was a great carry-on.\nNot have again:  margherita pizza was too plain.
On our way back to California.  Tried Black Bear Diner in Emeryville last months. Same great and friendly service. Waffles pancakes and French toast were great!
Not bad dim sum at all. Went to this place for dinner. Not a fancy dim sum place but if you're hungry and craving for cantonese food this restaurant will do it!\n\nService was ok and carts came pretty fast as we sat down, especially since the place wasn't packed.
Try everything here. They are all so amazing. I'm way past full and am still eating. .. hahaha.
They have a lot of coupon online, price is not bad, service also, base on there price, I still will be back, lol
I like Burger King but I don't think this location is very good, I usually get a chicken club and pretty much every time the chicken taste like its been sitting under a heat lamp for awhile..
$20 and took an hour to go through. It was cool to learn more about Warhol, but I would not pay to come back!
It was just okay \nstair wells were dirty and the same plates were there the whole time I  was there.\n\nyuk
fantastic for a quick meal, i'd much rather eat here than panda express.. :)
The custard is too thick, and gluey.  I go to Henderson when I want frozen custard to Mr. D's on Eastern. It's fabulous.
I love this PF Changs. I've always liked the food, but the customer service is fantastic! I recently ordered  to-go order and they even mixed up some of their special sauce. they were very courteous and placed the bag in my car for me. I've been blown away at their customer service every time I visit!
I love this place! Apple, Black & White, Victorias Secret, NY & Co, The Limited and \nCoach under one roof. Great customer service by far :)
Reserve a cabana, grab a group and stay all day.  You won't be sorry!!
Great food. Ordered the rad na and the fried calamari and will definitely be back again.
Ate here on a business trip to AZ. Good burger and decent mixed drinks. Got a salad instead of fries but it was a joke. In a tiny bowl and was pretty tasteless. Just splurge and go for the fries. Not bad just not anything special.
Nice little zoo.  The monkey house is pretty awesome!   The Haunted Zoo thing during Halloween is fun!
Delicious traditional Mongolian BBQ. I've been waiting here in Vegas for one to open up. It's finally here. I highly recommend this place for Mongolian BBQ fans. And if you've never had it, you have to try it!
This is a great place to hang out with your friends and enjoy the ambience~ I love the interior~ the food is good and the service is good~\nTry the boneless chicken wings with some blueberry soju!
Apparently we are the only people who found this awful.  It was so cheesy and I couldn't wait for it to be over.  What a waste of tickets, time, and cab money.
How disappointing to find today that the signature spinach artichoke soup will not be offered every day - only intermittently as a special. This has been one of our favorite restaurants and if the management chooses to stick with its decision on the soup, it could lose our business.
Love Margaritaville!! Great people watching on the deck outside the bar, great show inside with the hottie sliding into the margarita glass & a fun atmosphere. Its on the expensive side but its Vegas what do you expect?
\"I drove all the way to the California border and paid $90 to get fingerprinted only to find out later my fingerprints were no good and needed to be redone. If you need them for California, go somewhere else.\"
Embrace the quirkiness of this place and you may just fall in love with it. Food is good, I always get one of their soups. Its nice that they recently cleaned up a little, repainted and all. cash only, but ATM in the front. nice insider tip for ppl from out of town.
Food wasn't bad , and service was great!! Very pricey for portions offered. I wouldn't tell anyone to eat here but I wouldn't tell them not too! Not very impressed, just okay!!
Both the regular restaurant and the sushi bar are above average.  Casual atmosphere, central location make this a great place for dinner before going out later in the evening.  Have enjoyed the crab, lobster, steamers, mahi mahi and sushi there.
Super friendly staff.\n\nBasic, decent food.\n\nRun down, western, rustic decor.
Can't go wrong with shepherd's pie and a Guiness.
Take the password off your free Wi-Fi or at least let people know what the password is.
Nice. Great atmosphere!  We avoided to go over the weekend,  which it was a great idea!
I think they have some of the best Ribs I have ever ate...  Also it is a fun place to have dinner dates.
Burgers are decent,  Fries very inconsistent.  They have a great pesto chicken sandwich.  Best sandwich in the joint..  Otherwise pretty mediocre
Nice retaurant in AZ...Nice selection and very authentic. I definitely recomend this place if you are in Phoenix area.
This airport was fine to have a layover in. Super crowded but that's what you can expect given the holiday and all. I guess I found it a little off putting that you had to travel the whole length of the terminal for a cup of joe and a pastry. Kind of inconvenient.
Worst Owner/Manager, terrible receptionist.\nDon't ever buy a gift certificate, difficult to use, improper handling of appointments, rude receptionist and owner.
Nice beds and clean facility. Had some confusion over the package we bought and quickly helped us resolve the issue.
One of our favorite restaurants in Scottsdale.  The food is very good but the service is outstanding (especially the lady who often serves as the hostess - high energy, always smiling)
The sweet tea and fries are always good but everything else on this menu at this location is meh the burgers are arguably the worst I had at any McDonald's sadly
I have not known a person who spoke of this place in anything but glowing terms. This was over many years. I have had their food a few times and felt the fish was like cardboard and nothing to speak well of.
Dr. Lawyer is a fantastic doctor.  He spends time with me and makes sure my lenses are perfect!\n\nThe office support staff are welcoming, friendly, and efficient.  I have been a patient for more than ten years, I highly recommend Dr.Lawyer.
It's okay.
It was a bad experience to be asked to leave after two hours, I had a surgery in my stomach and I have to eat very little bites, the claim there is a signage every where, but there was not a single sign stating that I have to leave with in 2 hours
Stated they do not offer this service when I called but was given a referral for an alternate company.
This is my favorite place to eat in Vegas. The long wait in line is oh so worth it. I can not to wait to eat there next week.
Great samosas.  I mostly stop here because they have aa great variety of spices. Also, this is the only place in Pittsburgh that I have found to have royal basmati rice.  They do deliver, but unfortunatly I live further than the distance that they deliver.
Tried red house for the first time tonight. It was excellent! Had the szechuan(sp?) Chicken combo, comes with fried rich and an egg roll. Also ordered the spring rolls and crab Rangoons. Very happy with dinner and will be back!
My favorite of all shaved ice! Excellent! I will have major withdrawals from from this place when we move
Dan is awesome!
Food AND service were OUTSTANDING!! Had the heirloom tomato and mozz special appetizer and linguini. Mom had lamb chops. We enjoyed every bite. Jillian gave EXCELLENT service. Worth every penny!!!
This place closed down three months ago.
One of the best pizza's around. I get a pizza every other Friday.
Decent neighborhood coffee place, populated but never too crowded with the usual bespectacled laptopping types. Slightly pricey but tasty toasted sandwiches and what appear to be Otis Spunkmeyer muffins.
This place makes people very sad and frustrated. This is the job you get and you don't actually work to help anyone, As a student, you stumble around, blindly. It sucks. You really have to tap into your survival skills, here.
All items on menu are fresh & fabulous taste with a view of the famous Fountain, in beautiful Fountain Hills AZ.
They sent us coupons to try them out. Printed on the coupon is their hours. But in the one month that the coupon was valid, they changed their hours. Now closed on Sundays. Not happy that I drove all the way there just to find that they were closed. Not likely to go try again.
Love this Barriques. Coffee is good, and wine selection is stellar. I can't say enough about the versatility of this place. Great place to go for coffee or glass of wine, with friends or alone. Great patio too!
I LOVE this place! the doughnuts are always hot and fresh and they are SUPER tasty Recommend this to anybody. Tip: Doughnuts are not hot and melt in your mouth until 7:30 or 8:00 pm to around 7:30 the following mornings. AWESOME!
Simply the best tacos I have ever had!! \n\nI ordered the fire grilled salmon tacos it comes with rice and beans. The tortillas were fresh and made right there.
My wife and I like this spot, it is a great place to grab some food, a beer and watch some sports.  Bringing the kids is not a problem here.  Arcadia Tavern has a real sense of community and they are really involved in all things Arcadia.  IT is a great local spot.
This is fast becoming my go-to lunch spot. Helpful staff, forbidden rice bowl, salmon super foods. I brought a team here for a celebration and it worked great; everyone raved about the green chile and the meat balls. Stopped in on a sunday and they had live music. A Great experience.
Food was decent for a buffet, nothing spectacular but decent Chinese food. They filled the drink glasses as soon as they were empty so that was nice as well. The bathrooms left a LOT to be desired for cleanliness. The doughnuts are worth going for if you get them when they first come out! Man they were good!!
Very hot!  Poor air conditioning.
Great food. The sweet potato fries are excellent like other Yelpers pointed out. I got the steak philly with cheese whiz. Thumbs up from me.
Love it.  It is much better food than many of the sit down places in Denver.  I would give it higher ratings, but I am assuming AZ is a hotbed of good Mexican cuisine.
Hi,\nThe place is full of attitude, bad attitude!\n\nThe Food is marginal at best and definitely NOT wort the trip just to eat.  \n\nAt times the entertainment is good, Support your local Musicians.
Just finished pigging out on carne asada tacos and chips and cheese. Still as tasty as always. Gotta love Robertos!
Very friendly, the menu is awesome sarap talaga.
My daughter loves it here! It's a bit of a drive, but mostly freeway so not too bad. Staff works well with our sometimes crazy schedule, my daughter gets great instruction/training in a caring and supportive environment. Great summer camp. My daughter actually requested it!
Best food in South Charlotte. Truly!  Local farm-to-table, local brew...amazing food EVERY SINGLE TIME.
Not the best Indian restaurant but it will do!
Was really hopeful given the reviews, but the only thing I liked was my latte. The biscuits and gravy come with eggs on top and a side of grits. So basically a huge pile of brown food- appetizing? I think not. It just wasn't good, big miss for me.
If you are looking for a pretty filling lunch, stop by tottie's! I ordered the lunch portion of orange chicken and it came with my choice of side, spring roll, and a salad. Everything tastes great. I didn't get the pleasure of dining in but the too go service was on par with the rest.
my friends and i got in for free, so that was a good start. they played good songs on the piano and they were very into it! i had fun here, but it's only a bar, so i'm giving it only 3 stars =)
Great taste, efficient service (we order often at work and at home from this restaurant, as well as pick up). Never been let down, always tasty and solid portions. Usually take either chicken pitas or doner pitas, fries and salad are tasty as well and the tzatziki is one of the best out there.
Good food but very unconsistent based on the cook of the day. Also portions are based on the cook off the day!
Good home cooked food. Family ran, great seafood dishes and ok salsa bar (lunch only). Love the big shrimp tacos. Lunch time is good with a self serve salsa bar.
Nothing special  at all. Boring place terrible layout. Not one special thing on the menu just over priced simple food that was not once prepared correct. Under cooked fries how can you even mess that up. Save your time and money not even good as regular fried bar food.
The food and service are okay. Nothing bad or too special.
WORST PULLED PORK, EVER!!  Didn't touch it...complained to manager...still for charged.\n\nDecent collards, however.
They claim to have a superior sandwich but when you have 100 options, that's just not possible. It's exactly what you might expect from a sub chain, except it's more expensive. Lastly, I ordered bacon on my sandwich and did not get any, so that made my decision to not return pretty easy.
Elbow to elbow customers in the store around the clock.. understaffed.. long check out lines... you're better off going to the Ft. Apache Wal-Mart if it has to be a Wal-Mart.
Worth the long line and high prices. Crumb cake, carrot cake, and strawberry shortcake were out of this world. The line was about an hour when we went. They need to speed up their process which is why I couldn't give 5 stars. And unfortunately we didn't run into Buddy.
here's a quick summary: over-priced and under-flavored. \n\ni would have never come here if i weren't an asian staying at venetian, did have a rental car to venture out, or weren't struck with an asian food craving.
Best beef jerky i've had in ages. Sun is so nice and let us sample everything before we purchased. Hawaii peeps will love this place!
Amazing! The food was amazing the service was very knowledgeable and timely, and the wine list exceptional!
Went there 6 months ago for the first time and had not so great service but decided to try again and LOVED it! I love the food, love the cucumber press, and the outdoor patio is to die for!! One of my favorites while visiting AZ!
Order was right exactly what I asked for and did all online! I was surprised at the late hours on base normally food establishment close at 8. Only down side on line wouldn't allow me to make my order delivery. Had to drive to pick up! They also don't offer as much in there special offers as other stores in the city do.
Very good, small pizza shop in Scottsdale. The fired oven flavor is very good. \n\nTheir salads are good as well. Misters on the patio are a nice touch.
I agree with the last reviewer, they have fly problem. We were annoyed with this issue the last time we decided to go inside.
The customer service here is fantastic. The location isn't convenient for me but that will not stop me from going back! \n\nThe juices are delicious. Far better than Pressed Juicery & Blue Print Cleanse. Be Grateful is my favorite so far but I bought 3 others to try as well.
The prices are outrageous.  I went in to mail an 5x8\" envelope with a few CDs in it.  They told me it would be $16.95.  I went to the post office:  $4.95.  \n\nDon't bother unless you like shelling out a few extra bones.
Pretty good tapas, but a total douche-fest. Nothing but fake tittie bitches and Federline-looking losers.
The service was slow, the server knew nothing of the wines on the menu and knew nothing of proper wine service.  Boo.
convenient cafe for people who wake up late and still want breakfast (they serve breakfast until 1pm)...the white chocolate french toast was different than any french toast i've tried. it's sweet but i still put syrup on it. the berries were a nice compliment to balance the sweetness.
Sad to say...Worst massage i ever had!!!  Dont come here people...waste of time and $$$....
Excellent service, great staff, fantastic food and drinks. A memorable evening and one we hope to repeat soon.
Don't waste your time or money..... Small buffet with few options, low quality food, and poor service..   Go to the Suncoast or McDonalds down the street
This place is amazing! The food is delicious, the place is clean and the service is lightning fast! I have absolutely no complaints I'll definitely be back!
Pharmacist was extremely rude. When i asked her a yes or no question her answer was \"right right right right right ok have a good day.\" And she hanged up. No any other questions or concerns. Last time i do business here. And yes it was the pharmacist not a tech.
Poor quality. Bread was dry and hotdog tasted like it had a plastic coating. Way overpriced and over rated.
Don't rent from dollar rental car. If one of there cars hits you. You are on your owen and are A victim. Corporations like this should not be in bissness.
Very poor checkin experience.  It took them 5 hours after we arrived to get us a room.  the staff during this time were rude. we finally got to the pool and found the gentleman bartender to also be rude.  we were paying good $ to be there and it was quite unnecessary.  if you want to be treated well think twice about staying here.
Horrible service, bland food, expensive prices. Granted this is located in an airport terminal, but come on. We should have been tipped off when the guy sitting next to us paid, and left his plate almost completely untouched. Our waiter was horrible, forgetting to bring items. Definitely do not recommend!!
I've had this a few times since.  Delivery takes forever, customer service is god AWFUL.  Seriously, these people are such assholes.  You get what you pay for, and this place is still a ripoff.  Should never be more than a star.
Food is good but not an amazing selection.  Inside is very noisy, making conversation difficult, but the outdoor seating overlooking the river is spectacular.
So great! Love this new cute little walk up place. We had a swirl cone, dipped cone & a root beer float. All delicious! A fun new little treat in old town!
Absolutely the worst Chinese food I have ever had.  Chicken curry was tasteless soup the same. NEVER again
overpriced for overfried food. We went about an hour before closing and they took forever to bring food. just no customer service it was like you were inconvience to them being there.. I'm sure at one time this place was great at one time but no longer.
Was really good but lost it goodness. Still friendly but breakfast went downhill. Potatoes really greasy, fruits dry, servers getting order wrong...what happened! Used to be great,
Gary is great with coloring (blonde). It's a cool, laid back little salon.
Underwhelming.  It's a beautiful space, rather trendy looking.  I love the decor and how the conversation areas are spread throughout the room.  But they need to really develop their wine list more.
This place was a favorite but the quality of the meats went down and the price went up.  There is still a huge selection of banchans, soups, and other things, but the cuts of meat weren't good, they were chewy, gristly, and quality over all tanked.
I have to say some items are overpriced. The bubble tea is nice. The food is ok for me.
I don't know how accurate this review could be.  I was hammered when I ate here.  But as far as hammered food goes around ASU, this is a nice change of pace from a burrito.  So good for you JJ.
Nice place to spend for Giants Spring Training weekend getaway! \nRoom by the main pool was a dream becoming reality within few steps from pool and all resort happenings! \nOnly drawback. ... the high price ($360 + 28 resort fees).
$40 a month for unlimited tanning beds & spray tan? Sign me right on up! Great staff, always nice! Definitely a regular now
Rick and David did a fantastic job hooking up a surround sound system for my garage where I host the boxing PPVs. They checked with me to see what time I was best available for them to come over. They also did a great job installing security cams at my home. I'm happy to recommend them because of their professional and efficient work.
This is a decent steakhouse in downtown Vegas. It is not mind blowing gourmet like many places on the strip but it offers a decent steak at a fair price.
Tasty dishes - I had panfried noodles/shrimp, had vegetables; my husband had orange shrimp, had broccoli, not too spicy. But service was indifferent and menu didn't explain what was in each dish.
Since I was in a corporate vehicle they figured they could charge whatever they wanted without asking for driver approval! The card has a 200 max without calling corp so they just added stuff without asking me.
Firefly catered my Husband's birthday party at an off site location. Great quality for the price. Everyone was pleased. Regina was very helpful and Sandy was great too.
I have eaten at the bar 4 times, and love that they have a great wine selection. Their draft beer selection is weak. The food was okay, but the bar tenders can come off as rude. I LOVE Dean & Deluca's deli/salad bar employees, but the Wine Room employees could work on their customer service skills.
I had the dumplings and house special noodles, very flavorful and filling. The place was busy but had quick service. The crowd was notably diverse: Chinese couples going to ASU, Russians, Latinos, Anglos and African Americans, all in for good cheap food.
This is a small, cute little place to stop in for coffee and something freshly baked, or grab a light lunch to go.  If you're staying at the Hotel Valley Ho, it's within walking distance, so that's an added bonus.  I had a cappuccino and a lemon cake cookie, and both were delicious.
Newbies to this food but have always wanted to try this.  Great service spectacular food helpful staff all made this great inexpensive meal. I highly recommend this place.  I wish we had a place like this in my hometown.
Food was good, but REALLY slow service. Zucchini burger was tasty as were the sweet potato tots.
Good service. Nice deco, comfy & cozy. Loved my entree. Main meal was duck & lentils - pretty plain & undercooked. Will not go back
Great food poor service my step mom fell and broke her finger here on my birthday and not one employee offered to help
The best Italian we've found in Mesa yet. The Veal was amazing as was the gnocci. Order some wine, sit on the patio and stay late. A great place to bring a date.
What can I say, I'm a softy for breakfast foods. I fell in love with Waffle House in Orlando, Florida and when I was in Arizon; I knew I must have some breakfast. I love their menu prices and fast service, sometimes it can be a bit of a wait yet be patient as it is worth it.
Went in for a perm and the people were very rude. It is in a hidden out of the way location. Maybe the chain headquarters put it there on purpose. Hide the worst people in an area where no one will visit!
This is the place to go if you want to dress like a hipster for cheap and with higher quality than Forever 21.
Good food at a fair price. The only bad thing was the food was slow coming out.
Filthy from corner to corner . Went to the restroom to wash my hands and backed out due to the smell. Customer service is pathetic.
The soft drink cup says \"Voted best sandwich in America.\"\nWhile eating the absolutely amazing home cooked turkey sandwich with every bite I took, I pondered about that statement. It probably is true.
Place to hang out after game for a few drinks. Had some fish tacos that had a strange smell. Below average service.  Not a fan
Been coming here since it opened. Best Pho ever! Way better then Pho kim long. I drive from the Northwest part of town for this bowl of goodness. And you should too. And its in a super cute dinner car.
I ordered cheese enchiladas, they brought me chicken, I told her I wanted cheese, they brought me chicken AGAIN, and I never have and never will come back. Don't think I need to say more.....
Good maids.\nGood service.\nBad plumbing.\nPoor wireless connection.\nHorrible snack bar selection.
Super quick and delicious subs in 5 mins with amazing and super nice employees - honestly what more can you ask for?
Great place to go! Good food, friendly staff...a bit pricy but it's worth it once in a while... pourquoi pas?\n\nDesserts are the best!
I work around the corner so I order to-go for lunch. They put the food together quick and the staff is friendly. It is also very clean in there. I ordered tuna melt - good except I don't like onions. And the chicken fingers - typical chicken finger bar food.
Food is delicious, but Service get very slow at times. Also had an incident of when a waitress hit me in my head with plates and when my husband argued about it with her she said it was my fault for not keeping my head out of her way.
I was excited to try the new Picazzos location (I loved this place when I lived in Flag!) but arrived to a sign on the door saying that they are shut down because they didn't pay their rent - wtf?!  It ruined our dinner and a movie night out...
no air conditioning??
I started using Apollo Cleaners when I worked on the Tempe campus because they are environmentally friendly.  When I started working downtown (living in Chandler) I stayed with Apollo and continue to drive many miles out my way because they have the best customer service I have ever experienced at a dry cleaners.
The chicken and waffles were on point tonight delicious flavorful light and fluffy the chicken bomb
I love this place but I have bad news...it is closed. Looks like they moved out a while ago. There is no signage and nothing in the store. Bummer.
do not eat here it is not worth the money
Great staff - super friendly and gave me all the samples I want.\nWonderful flavors - very flavorful, great variety, plenty of specialty flavors.\nComfortable environment.
taco bell yum. i have never had a messed up order from this location. bring back chili cheese burritos and bell beefers taco bell!!!!!
The owners are complete sweethearts. The bartenders and other staff are great. Drinks are pretty cheap. Fantastic live music. I love the dance party on Saturdays!! I've had so much fun shakin' it on the dance floor!
Amazing. Best brisket I've ever had. Ribs and sausage were great too. Only thing missing was beer. Plan to wait in line outside for about 20 min. They have shade and misters which really help. \nSuper nice people too. Love this place. A must!
no longer in business
We have been here 3 times, and the service has been bad every time. The view is AMAZING, but because of the poor service we will not return.
Every now and then I order from St Hubert. The food is healthier than most other options and it is really tasty. The delivery service is quick and the price is somewhat reasonable.
15 minutes for two lattes!!  The staff finished 3 orders that were behind me before realizing I was waiting for something. You're very lucky that there's not a Starbucks in Verrado.....
Veggie burgers suck. Decided to try something new today... I totally regret that decision.  We got two different ones and they are horrible not to mention they took 20 minutes to get out and there were only two other tables there.  I won't be visiting there again... EVER
Pretty awesome hotel so far. The room is spacious, clean, with French windows and great view of the strip. Fairly luxurious, would put it on par with the rooms I stayed  in at the Venetian.
Just went here for opening night NFL!! New HD TVs, off track horse betting, and a waterfront view! Ordered off happy hour menu and the .35 wings (Thursdays) were fantastic! Great bar service too. We'll\nbe back.
The price wasntbad for an oil change and new light. In addition, the Mechanics were very helpful. Each person I spoke with had good communication skills, seemed honest, not pushy. They seem like a good group of guys who take a genuine  interest ( not the forced, phony kind) in their customers.
It's pretty straight forward. THEY ARE THE SLOWEST STARBUCKS ON THE PLANET!!  Good coffee as always, but it seems like a 20 min ordeal each time to get my iced coffee!!  PLEASE SPEED IT UP.
I had lots of fun at this club! Even though I chose not to experience bottle service or any VIP extravaganzas, my brother and friends were able to get in fairly quickly. And it was not grossly overcrowded! I would go back.
It was soooo much better before they changed the name! Way to pricey now for what you get. Menu turned more upscale. The old Bavarian was a much better place.
Love this place..
Dont Waste Your Time!!!!!!!!!!! the bouncers are rude and dont know what they're doing, the VIP section is really small, and the music is nothing special. The place has potential, but there are so many other clubs in vegas worth going to before this one!
Went in during lunch on a weekday for a price of $16 per person.\nGreat selection, clean, service is great, and of course free alcohol. Definately worth the 16 dollars!
This place is the best nail salon when it comes to nail art.  Lilly is extremely talented and I highly recommend her. I drive from the other side of town to this place. I also had a great pedicure that came with paraffin wax.
Huge selection of gardening supplies, fresh plants, seeds, fertilizer...everything you would ever want in a gardening place. A one-stop-shop.\n\nMotivated employees. Genuinely friendly. (Yes, that counts for a LOT!).
I genuinely enjoy a peanut M & M now and again, but I don't get this store.  Who, what why??
I hate to say it but I agree with the other users.  The cupcakes we received from a groupon were very bland, small, and not up to par with grocery store cakes or cupcakes.
we ALWAYS eat at this place whenever we go to vegas.  nevermind that i live in the southbay where pho restaurants are on every corner.  this place is good, even coming from a vietnamese person who eats this stuff all the time.  try the chicken pho...its my
Food was worth the money- larger sizes. Menu is wayyyy to large and could be downsized or split in an AM PM vs having 10 pages of food chooses. The interior was well thought out w wide range of art. We had 4 different burgers all were great. Love the different French fry options
The lamb chop was properly cooked. The texture was great, but the sauce did not meet my standard. On the other hand, the most enjoyable dish was deep fried calamari. It was so tender and soft...it is a must-order.\nThe service defeintely needs improvements though
Waitress was super unfriendly, and the food is way overpriced for its quality and quantity. Going there for any kind of nostalgic diner environment is not worth it.\n\nSave yourself the trip!
We always love Grimaldi's. This one is in the mall . We had there seasonal pizza the Quattro Formaggio it has romano, gorgonzola,  parmesan and asiago cheese. Staff is excellent.
The food is fresh, high quality and always delicious. Upscale atmosphere. Great place for a date or a celebration. 5/5!
Excellent .. pulled pork sandwich was delicious . BBQ sauce one of the best I've had !!!
This is a nice little place but without ordering a wedding cake or other major baking item this is basically like every other cup cake place. Good execution with decent prices. That said I was there one Sunday late and saw the owner hard at work....that must count for something....
I think that this place is great! The first time I've been here and the service was amazing as well as the food. The staff is super friendly and attentive and the food is fresh and delicious. Couldn't have been a better experience.
Great customer service and good food! Great prices before the Suns game. Wish I had taken pics, ate it too fast. Had Reuben with pastrami, chili fries and grilled cheese for my kids. Yes they have kids meals!
After a Saturday of late night partying, I would totally recommend this place for hangover recovery. The Sunday lunch crowd comes in there causal hip clothes. Great place for drinks and food. Portion size are small. The mall is across the street for shopping before or after eating.
Delicious food and friendly staff. All the things you'd ever want from a restaurant. Great for vegetarians- even vegans.
I'm going to go out on a limb and claim this is better then Pizzeria Bianco.  You don't have to wait for hours and hours and the pizza is better!  Cute place, great pizza, good wine, and I would highly recommend any of the nutella crepes.
Not surprised they closed. They never had any other customers when I was in the salon. The up front staff was not cordial or inviting.  The services were so-so and not what you would expect in an upscale salon.
This is the closest old navy to my house and i would rather drive across town to go to the one on Rainbow! Employees are always pretty nice but .... They have a hard time honoring signs that are up in the store and online prices! 1 time ok i understand but i just had my 3rd bad experience. Not a fan !
I like vintage games but stuff is really unorganized. On top of that employees don't help you or don't keep track of inventory. Their best answer is \"if it's not in the pile it's not there.\"\n\nI'd rather go to Bookmans or use eBay.
Being new to the city of the hustle, it's always tough to find a trustworthy auto shop. I gambled and got lucky to find a place with integrity here in the neon desert. reluctant that it is only 2 blocks from me. It has been a couple weeks and everything is still running great so.
Poor service, long check-in process and time...total hassle. Will never, ever rent from them again.
We just tried Courier Cafe today for lunch and it was great! I had the Banker Burger and my boyfriend had a beef quesadilla - both were exceptional, homemade quality. Their potato salad is killer! \nOur waitress and hostess were also very pleasant. We will definitely be back! :)
This is my 3rd time at Todd's pub. This time we came for happy hour. Loved the chicken wings and the oysters!! Wife had the lobster cob salad, lots of lobster on top. Unfortunately our waitress was horrible. I hate when they become so nice when they bring the check.
Great beer selection.  They carry my favorite Belgian beer, Gulden Draak in bottles.  Also high points for unique character, independent ownership, positive support for local artists community groups and downtown Vegas culture.  Great place to meet friends and get acquainted with the Vegas Arts and #VegasTech scene.
Great store, good stock, very very friendly people and I have prior military service which is always a plus in my book. I would highly recommend this place to other people.
Don't come on Sundays! It's insane and this is the closest one to the airport so you get lots of travelers on the weekends too
If I could give a rating of ZERO, I would. Lack of management and a blatant disregard for professionalism has created a chasm of abysmal service accompanied by a consistent state of denial that something is fundamentally wrong. DO NOT EAT HERE.
Amazing!!! Service is always consistent and welcoming! Food is well portioned and cheap. Small location but cozy!
Food and environment was great. Good service and decent pricing. I would recommend eating here !
This location tends to have problems with the food. A lot of times I will have to wait for a new batch of food to be made because what they have kept under the heat lamps for who knows how long needs to be replaced. Typical Panda store. Considering the competition nearby I am surprised they stay in business here.
Ace is always more expensive than other places, but the folks there sure are helpful and know what they are talking about.
Average Subway - crowded at lunch.  Service is acceptable.
Two stars as a vegetarian, because they are very sloppy in their meal preparation. I've ordered a veggie bagel sandwich and received a bit of bacon stuck to the side- more than once! Will no longer be patronizing this establishment, as apparently they don't care if they make people sick!
This is not a property management company that meets our requirements and  has the same ethics as that of the Obama Administration. Nothing but 1/4 truths or at least that is what our experience was when we used them in 2005 I doubt they have changed much after reviewing all the other bad comments about them. Do your homework and check them out prior to signing anything
Very disappointed with the food, day old potatoes, old fruit....stay away.  Our server was nice (Maud).
I went here to compare to Big City BBQ in Mesa. This place is decent. The BBQ is good, but not great. I would go here more for lunch than a dinner.
Awesome, they  always do the most amazing job , very clean, very friendly , never rush you  and are never  rude... So glad my friend told me about this hidden little gem .  I won't  go anywhere else for my nails they are far superior to anywhere else in the area.
The music and the decoration of the restaurant are a nice touch, their logo \"cooked by real Mexican\" is the catch but unfortunately the food is not that great.
Had the cheapest non smoking room and it was completely remodeled.  Everything tip top shape.  We stay there because of the great pools and gardens.  Sad to say the main pool is now geared to 30 year olds with the worst  X rated, ear splitting, rap music.  Would have given 5 stars except for the music.
expected more ...
Rick was amazing! He was professional and worked around our moving schedule. Not only did he give a great price but he was very infomative on what we should do about treating our carpets to get rid of the cats issues the previouse home owners neglected. We will not only recommed him to others but will use him again.
My first visit was for Botox  and loved the results. Yesterday I received  Radiesse..... Ladies I'm 42 and look 35 now. Immediate results!! I'm SO glad I found her!  Thank you Francesca!
Just ok, IMO. There is a lot better sushi in Charlotte.
Great place !!\nNice environment. Good food, good bears and good service.\nHad dinner one night and come back next night!\nCoconut shrimps are so good !!!
canneloni! fresh spinach raviolis! Italian sausage, their recipe!\nNot so sure any fancy Italian restaurant can top their deli food.
This  one  star  is  meant  to  be  a  negative  one:   I   made  an  appointment  with this  company  and  they  gave  me  a  3  hour  window.  Drove  to  the  property,  waited  for  over  4  hours,  nobody  showed  up,  nobody  even  called  to  explain  why  or  to  apologize.  This  company  sucks.
Came here on a whim. Ordered the Ribeye and the baked potato. The ribeye was great! My husband got the meatloaf and said it was great too. The dinner rolls very delicious and my caesar salad was fresh. We will defiantly be coming back soon :)
Update, never returned money or call.  Thanks Amex for doing the right thing!
shushi is damn good! Had a good time.
Food is better than service......cashier acts as if she's doing me a favor,even though she was nicely rude....this is sad because Goodyear could use more GOOD mom & pop businesses.
Super loud and super dark, don't remember a whole lot else but I woke up with my shoes and coat on. Two stars?
Thanks for a great store!!! Lots of little hidden treasures.
Yummy!!! They offer many authentic Thai dishes not offered elsewhere. They offer a big selection of alcohol as well. The portion is a bit small for the price but the taste makes up for it! Do make a reservation! I really liked the Hor Mok with Seabass.
Bad service. Okay food. Good atmosphere. More show than quality. The family and I only came here since True Food Kitchen was too busy.
Good prices, and they opened a check stand just as we go in line and they do this all the time. Nice clerks and the selections are great. Oh and SALE ON Gatorade
I split the roasted turkey with a friend one morning after a long night of drinking. It was a little sandwich for $10... Yeah it's Vegas but no, I'm not down. It was okay. I only came here because I was staying at the Signature.
Do yourself a favor and by pass this restaurant.  We came in for DimSum and the food is way below average.The service is terrible. Our silver ware were dirty. We will not be back. Terrible.
ive some good drinks here and some bad ones, \nsome good nights and some bad ones.\n\nthe name proceeds it.
We stopped here for a Friday night date night. It was our first visit and we'll definitely return! The food, the service, affordability and ambience are all excellent! On our \"keeper\" list for sure!
We are so satisfied with the service. They didn't have the cake my mom was looking for which was a ninja turtle theme, for my son's birthday the lady was truly helpful downloading pictures for my mom to look at. The end result was amazing!! I would recommend this place to everyone for birthday cakes!
Great Salon the staff was great along with the price! Recommend it everyone..
Located in the shopping plaza w/Planet Hollywood.at nearly $2 a meatball it keeps you satisfied without killing the wallet
Great service here....the crew does a great job!
terrible always a long line no matter the time of day for keys and package pickup. Can't wait until the post office goes out of business and UPS takes over! Avoid spending any of your hard earned money at the post office use FedEx or UPS!
Amazing Indian food in Edinburgh!!  Their Naan is especially amzing.  Their sweet nan was so good.. must get!!
It was ok. Not great and not bad. Over priced, no lemons for ice tea, no homemade pasta or potato salads. There are so many other great delis.
Nice place to stop in every once in a while.
I went back a few days later.. Service was great. We were sat right away and had a really knowledgeable, fun server- Chelsea! Good was great as it always is!
This place is amazing. Great food, great service, wonderful place. We will definitely be back, often.
Our server Donna was amazing. It was our first time there and she gave us a free muffin and the food was great. Thank you Donna!
I have been there twice for the All You Can Eat Wings Tuesday, I love their wings! My favorite flavors are the BBQ and Tequila Lime BBQ.  The food always comes out in a timely matter and the staff is very friendly... the prices are reasonable too!!
They do a great job at this location and I never have to wait that long. My only complaint is how quickly they shuffle you out of your car as soon as you pull up! Gimme a minute to grab my purse and latte, boys! Other than that, great and speedy service!
Vanity Is fun, the drinks are always strong, plenty of eye candy to go around and the DJ knows what he's doing. They have poles on one side of the club and a platform for sexy dancing In the middle of the dance floor.
Ultimately, the cost of the rental was refunded. Nothing wrong with this location in particular, but I can't say I'll be relying on U-Haul trucks or their roadside assistance in the future.
Although the people are great with customer, i believe the Cheba Hut on southern has better sandwiches.
Wow!  This is a fantastic restaurant with REAL ingredients made fresh!  I never thought I'd find something this good in a growing neighborhood.  The service is fantastic to top it off.  I couldn't believe they actually make their own cheese for their pizzas and calzones...fantastico!
The rolls and butter is what fills me up! Deeelicious! Foods pretty good and hearty for the price.
Door clearly says drive-thru open 24 hours and lobby till midnight. Drove up at 10:30 and was told the lobby was closed...lame...
From out of town.  First time here, and last.  The sliders burgers looked and tasted like little White Castle rejects.  Appetizers lousy.  $5 for a small basket of chips and salsa.  Chips were stale as it was.  Only bottle beer, cheap plastic chairs made for kids.
Best indian food on this side, not greasy and authentic with the flavoring and the service was great. My water was never empty.
Stayed here once (in the pyramid) and the rooms were sooo smoky.  It was hard to breathe...don't want to stay there again.  Next.
Seriously so much fun!  I had a blast.  Quick and Friendly service.... It's super dark inside which I love and im obsessed with the glowing bright bar top!  I felt like THE WIZARD!
Food is always good at this Sandwich Shop.  Never had a bad experience yet.  You cant go wrong with a Cheese steak and hot peppers.
This place is beyond adorable!  They have bedding, clothes, accessories etc.  And I believe certain items can be custom ordered.  Dee is super nice and extremely knowledgeable.  I got some great tips and advice from her.   I wish this store much success and I will be back.  Her blog is a great read too!
I'm not a fan.  Pretty average burrito.
Stopped by 2 weeks ago and set up measuring appointment with Joseph.\nSaid he was the manager.  He came out and did the measuring ...fine.\nNever heard back from him and I called him on two separate occasions.  Not dependable and doesn't follow through.
Good location, good for a cheap breakfast (to compensate for all you spend on dinner around here!). But super slow service.
I got into Koi,  and as soon as I did, I got to the dance floor and my shoes stuck to the ground. It was awful.  They should clean their floors immediately. \n\nThanks!
The new facility they have built is awesome. Staff is great and they always have what I'm looking for, especially since my projects are not your typical hum drum things.
Perfectly located up on the capitol square, where else, other than Wisconsin can you get a grilled cheese, ham and cheese sandwich? Perfect spot to go drinking during your lunch hour with the friendliest bartender around. And where else can you get your lunch hour Strong Man Competition fix?
Gotta try the strawberry banana smoothies
Such a great spot. Crepes are inspired and delicious. Coffee is delicious. Ambiance is perfect. Only downside is how crowded it can be during peak hours. Otherwise a total gem.
This place is rough. The front office is rude and acts like you are bothering them if you enter their office. They seem annoyed if tut want to drop off your rent or pick up a package.  This place needs a total make over.  Should have paid a little more to live down the stteey.
Awesomely authentic German bier!
Polite, friendly, and great customer service. All the flavors we tasted were amazing. So fresh. Definitely coming back. Roasted bell pepper sorbetto? Mmhmmm.
Great staff. Jennifer is a great bartender. Fantastic!
Food is good and they have an abundance.  A little pricey though.
All day breakfast which is one of my favs.  Many different types of coffees which are made by good barristas.   Outdoor in undercover and they have misters which keep it cool in summer.
Definitely good and unique food.  Not sure if it's to die for, but definitely worth eating every now and again!
Thank you Joel for all your help. my husband and I really enjoyed doing business with you and your partner.  absolute pleasure
This place has it all: the food, courteous staff and ambience.  The Shepard's Pie and Bread Pudding are out of this world.  Be prepared for large portions!  I enjoyed looking around at the interesting old photos and memorabilia on the walls.  Try it and it will become one of your favorites.
Twice now I have ordered online and failed to receive the coupon special offered. I asked for the manager but he just stared at me and told me they did not know their own specials online, so they could not help. I told him that was poor business practices. He offered no apology and I will not return!
Okay food. What surprised me was my food came out in 4 minutes, meaning it was precooked. That's ok if I was in a hurry. If I am near here I will return. Good prices.
Beautiful decor, awesome pools and restaurants.  Minor complaints about some lack of amenities in the suite.  No coffee maker?  No mini fridge for my own beverages?  Overall, would love to stay there again.
This is the best live show I have ever attended. If you see one show in your Vegas travels, Absinthe has to be it. Great and engaging from the top of the show to the end.
Best service for a fast food place food is great chicken strips baked and grilled and fried with 12 different sauces and Mac and cheese and fries all way above average
Every single time we come here, they never get our order correct.\nThere is always one thing that is incorrect. \nOrdered fries and we get beans and rice. \nOur receipt even clearly states fries.\nIt's just frustrating always getting an incorrect order.
Great American grub! Great service, too..
No Senior Discount.  Small drink  .25 . Supposed to be free.
I, too, had high hopes for this Spanish restaurant but walked away disappointed.  Bland, seemingly pre-frozen food with absolutely no hint of freshness and distinction.  It's a great place to drink and munch on tapas (after drinking quite a bit), if you're lucky enough to have a good server.
Decided it was time for a half-pound burger, had their bacon burger which was very good.  Not a real fan of the ambience and might stop by here on occasion.
Really nice rooms with great temperature control.  Helpful staff.  The airplanes flying overhead regularly was a bit of a downside.
Decent breakfast and service. Cute little restaurant. The fresh squeezed orange juice was amazing!
I'm not sure what's going on but it seems like they are adding more salt to most of their stuff and I can barely stand it anymore.  I love this place but honestly they need to ease up on the salt or I won't be able to eat there anymore.  I really wish they would update their menu too.
We bought two cameras from Lauren. She knew we didn't live there, we were on vacation. She was patient and really went long on the set up and tips. Very engaging, this is our camera place when we are in Arizona!
Loved the Happy Hour!  Their bartender Frank is super friendly and made us feel very comfortable.  Taquito appetizers were fresh and very delicious.  We came back every day of our stay.
Meh, totally forgettable. I've had much worse and much better. If your in a pinch come here, but was hesitant to consume raw fish.
They serve THE BEST roti canai!! MUST EAT!! Highly recommendeddddddddddddddddddddddddd!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Came here to see the new Circus Ole show and dinner.  The hotel and casino are one of the most modern on the strip and the ambiance is quite striking.   And all this at a price of course !!!  Very nice to stop in at but perhaps to spend any significant time you might consider it a place for special occasions !!!
Just don't eat at the one in the airport. Cold food.
This place is awesome. When I first started coming here they were struggling but now that they are established they rock. The music. The staff. The patio. Love it.
Always good, always unique. Veal Marsala tonight with the mushroom risotto is amazing.
We split a milk chocolate bar with smooth peanut butter inside.  We really enjoyed the smoothness of the peanut butter filling.  Luis commented that it tasted like a Snickers without the peanuts which for my generation would be a Mars bar:) Our cashier/clerk Antrez was very nice and professional.
Clean and bright flavors with Friendly atmosphere.
Great product and service. Reasonable pricing and very knowledge regarding home security. Definitely A+ and recommend!
I've ordered delivery several times and until today it's been great.  Today my order was wrong, one of the dishes was supposed to be beef green curry, but instead we got chicken massaman. Two of the dishes were swimming in oil from boiling the coconut milk too long!  really disappointed.
This branch is awful! The wait is unbelievable, all while employees are walking around doing nothing!  They need to get it together! Customer service is important!
The only good thing is the cheesecake. The food is terribly mediocre. And I hate how they seem to all be decorated like ruins of some sort. I want some damn food not an expedition with Fernando!
I wish I loved the food as much as the views and atmosphere. Breads were good, especially enjoyed peanutbutter butter. Shrimp cocktail had a fun twist. The beef tenderloin and cod were good. The MiX candy bar was a tasty dessert. Service was a bit snooty, but otherwise good.
It all depends on the chef who is performing for you . I have been here twice in last several months and felt everything was average . I have seen other chefs in different restaurants and they have put on a much better show .
Carly's bistro is in an industrial area of Phoenix and great for those who want a quick sandwich or salad. The service was attentive. I picked a few wilted leaves out of the fig salad and I would recommend leaving off the chicken because it was naked and flavorless.
Great staff! This time I'm in the ER with my daughter and the wait was... Well there wasn't really one! They do their job they're quick and caring and really know how to deal with children. I recommend this hospital to anyone with children!
This place is great. Hands down the best pancake if German variety you will find! Nothing here is bad. And the owner down to the wait staff are awesome!!
Amazing coffee! The first time the wife and i walked into this coffee shop we were impressed and how beautifully decorated this joint was. The staff is very nice and helpful, the ladies behind the counter were pretty hot. \n\nwe were served quickly and their coffee is outstanding, and its awesome when you're hungover!
Love this joint. Tasty gyro meat and good portions went from the gyro combo with fries to the gyro platter to get that salad and fries or rice. Twice as much food for only a couple bucks more. Slam dunksky!
Ehh....just so so
10.00 bottomless Champagne is amazing!
CRAP!! 15 bucks for 2 chocolate milk shakes!!! Vegas baby!! Just another reminder of what city your in. Forget this place. Dennys is up the street..These theme joints are a flippin' rip.. Oh yeah, the shakes?? So-so..
The BEST Thai iced tea in the Valley bar none !!! Excellent stir fried and curry dishes too. Love it !
It was a pleasure to find a restaurant with great service, I decided that I will be a regular client. Thank you for the amazing food. I am on cloud nine.. \n\nHope everyone gives this place a try...you won't regret it
The place is too crowded. Had to wait 30 minutes for my order to come. However, the food was delicious.
Always great breakfast or brunch, can't go wrong!
Happy hour 9p to close.  $5 sangria saturdays. $5 martini fridays.  2 for $20.  Pretty good food.  I need to come here mire often.  Open till midnight
Dr. Adkins is the best vet. You can tell he loves his job and he makes you feel like he loves your pet too. He is thorough and knowledgeable. The office staff are very friendly and helpful.
I liked the show but the people that worked there ruined the experience for me.  Performers were fabulous but staff were rude and made me not enjoy the experience. Aisle staff should not be so rude.
Close proximity to the Tempe Mission hotel and very quick service.\nNice table area, with lots of seating.
Great looking  place, good service, good food!
Yelp is the way to go! Took a shot in the dark on this place and it is amazing! Carne esada tacos and chips and salsa were great!
I really enjoyed this restaurant. It is almost like eating outside because it is all screened in after the garage doors are raised. The food was great. The cheese dip was awesome! Our waitress seemed put out by having to speak to us but other than that I highly recommend.
Very nice decor.  Food is just average.....too salty.  Never have been to  Chinese restaurant that charges for hot tea and noodles......a small saucer size plate of noodles for 75 cents.  Shanghai Grill across the street is much better, though not as nicely decorated.
Yum, yum, delicious!  The pizza here tastes great!  I love coming back.  The pizza with the white sauce is amazing and the crust is crisp.  They definitely try to be speedy in their service, but it is always busy.  Definitely worth the wait!
free!  save your feet ache!
This is the best Verizon store I have ever been in. After 10 years with Verizon, I've been in a few! All the people there are courteous and knowledgeable. I have never had to wait long for help either. I would highly recommend this store!
Ordered rolled tacos and a Carne Asada burrito.... For a -berto restaurant, it's really not very good.  Tasteless, cold, and unimpressive.
Terrible car wash!!! Avoid at all cost!!! Put a dent in my car and won't take responsibility. Worst car wash ever.
I have been to Salsa Blance about six times and have been pleasently surprised.  The quesadillas, tamales, chicken tacos and fish tacos are great!  Another surprise was the seafood enchiladas...very good!  Wasn't real impressed with the red chile.  Overall very very good!
Nice lunch here today.  We had all vegan dishes (we are not vegan, just happened that way) and it was all tasty.  I really enjoyed the mint, green tea.  Quick, healthy lunch.
Do not come here for a quick lunch! The all you can eat pizza for 4.99 is brought out by the slice, can only have 1 topping a piece, can only be ordered 2 at a time takes 20 minutes to get out to table, and the music is too loud! We will not be coming back!
My 21 and 16 year old boys loved it. That says something about how good a show it was. Did the VIP tickets and all if us would splurge again to see em again.
This place could be a lot better, but the service is simply not there. Went in there for dinner and it took about 45 minutes to get our food after we ordered. Waitress never checked in with us and had the nerve to drop off the check before our food even got there!
This was hands down our least favorite meal in Vegas. We stopped for lunch as we were passing through. The menu has a good selection but we weren't impressed with the food. The food we got was clearly from frozen and was nothing special. With all the great dining options around, there's surely better good around!
Outstanding service!  Ryan was wonderful as was the food.  Highly recommend if you are in the area.  Reasonable prices, attention to detail on the plating and presentation.  Quality all around!
The wine is expense, but I guess everything in Vegas is expensive. It was definitely tasty and the bartender was helpful in choosing a glass.
The food was very good, well prepared. The servers are a bunch of college kids who like their jobs - they constantly push the hot sauce! Atmosphere was like a dinner, a nice casual place to eat good Thai food. I'm going back!
They would get 5 stars but they need to be making their Mojitos all the time so that I could get them, they stop making it at 8 but while I was there, nobody was ordering at the bar and the bartenders were just standing there.
Service wasn't great. The food was ok.
I had read reviews mentioning the smell, and they were correct. The fish smell hits you in the face as soon as you walk in. If you can get past that (my Wife couldn't), the Store is OK. Nice selection, but not as complete as New Century which is in the same plaza.
Camelback and 24th st.\n\n its the CSI club cause the rug looks like it should be taped off !! mold in the bathrooms, broken tile, broken glass in the yoga room,  gum on the floor etc etc etc etc
If you're looking for something very entertaining to watch while in Vegas you must check out the Beatles Love show. It had acrobatic acts, dance, and light shows along with the Beatles songs on the background that will surely leave you mesmerized.
The food here is okay but the owner/cashier/cook/busser/host is extremely ride and has no idea what service or sanitation is at all! After touching the register he begins to hand toss the salad with his unwashed hands.... Not only over price but not clean either!
Just get the 5lb burger.  They cook it pretty damn good for a 5lbr (ask for it med rare!)
I thoroughly enjoyed this place. Really nice people run the place and it's relatively inexpensive. I had the pad see ew, the mint chicken and the tom yum soup. Their soup is probably the best tom yum I have had in town.
They seriously have THE coolest set up & ambiance- but it ends there.\n\nFood is overpriced.\n\nHardly any healthy options.\n\nServers were overloaded so it took forever to get anything.
Receipt printers fail to work at most pumps, and the lady inside was too busy texting someone on her phone to realize I was standing in front of her.  Can't help but wonder if their losses to theft are any higher because of her.
a 5 for atmosphere, a 3 on the food since it was pretty typical. a 4 overall.  And we have and will continue to visit and sample the menu.
We have only eaten breakfast here and all portions were big enough for 3 days of breakfast. Last time in vegas had a bunch of comp left on my card so we ordered one of about every pancake on menu. Snickers bar pancake was awesome. Service was good. You have to go here at least once!
This place is great! I got the carne asada California and added bean and sour cream. It was a great burrito! Filibertos does not compare to this place. Go and find out for yourself. I dare you!
Slow check in, barely warm shower, poor attempt at modern design makeover, dated infrastructure, dirty rooms, poor selection of restaurants. \n\n+ Good location, on the monorail line.\n\nWould I stay here again? No
Not very good at all\nGranted I've had my fair share of seafood in Cali and Hawaii but just not tasty\n\nThe only positive is the outside district seating
Food=not the best. Service=horrible! \n\nOnly known for the frozen hot chocolate. Everything else you can pass on.
best burger ever!!hands down five guys smashes in and out.free peanuts,mountains of fries and awesome toppings.
Nice cozy underground restaurant that serves crepes and a great Cafe au lait.  They have plenty of sweet crepes and a few savory ones.  They could add a couple more savory ones, but otherwise I would definitely eat there again.
We booked a table for 8pm and by 9pm we were told real estate was expensive in Las Vegas, and we had had the fastest expensive meal ever. So if you want fast food at top money ok, but if you want to make the meal an evening forget it. Just after as much money as fast as possible!
This place is last resort. I work nearby and sometimes need a quick fix. The juice...always a disappointment, protein bowl, eh it's oooookaaay. The best thing about this place, it's within walking distance. I've had better.
Ok I went back a second day in a row and it was just as wonderful as the day before....consistent, great tasting old school greek food- way to go, don't skip this place!!
Fast, yummy, EXTREMELY reasonable prices..I will definitely get take-out from there again!
I absolutely love this place. I am super picky about how my nails are done and they are perfect. They are great on getting you and very friendly.
Eh.\n\nThe service is bomb, but the woman manager rolled her eyes at me when they made my enchilada wrong. \n\nWho the hell likes chocolate mole on an enchilada? Many of their food items are odd and overpriced. Not as cheap as stated.
Love that this Costco has a gas station. Love that this Costco is clean. Love that this Costco has friendly employees. Love that this Costco has everything I need in BULK! I have been price comparison with the regular grocery stores (with coupons). Costco has still come in cheaper.
Nice field and you have to like the fact that they have a pool in the stadium.  Unfortunately when the dome is closed you kind of feel like you are watching a baseball game in a mall.  I still like the feel of being at a ballpark over this but it is phoenix after all.
My favorite boba shop in the Valley.\n\nThe green teas have good flavor and boba consistency is top-notch.  The walls are also crazy.\n\nLolli-who?
It gets noisy here when it's busy but that keeps things lively.  There's a plethora a services: banking, RebelCard (UNLV) office, computer lab, conference rooms, game room, food court + Starbucks and Jamba Juice, even a student help/info desk.
Late night taco addiction satisfied by chorizo meatballs (spicy... Wear your knickers!) and mystery soup of the day. \n\nAll served up by the Sassy, classy and ultra awesome Manager Julia.
Doesn't get much better. Granted, it's a pretty new stadium with all the latest amenities.
HD EXPO IS AWESOME! [: \n\nTheir convention space at Mandalay Bay is incredibly spacious and just superb.
This is our favorite Sushi place in the Glendale/Peoria area.  For some reason this place is rarely busy during lunch on the weekends.  Extremely fresh and tasty.
This place was great, we went with our close friends and had a blast.  The variety of oysters were great and the calamari wonderful.  Love the flatbread and wonderful bloody Mary's.  Will visit this place again when in Vegas!
Been here twice to attend advertised Karaoke only to find out, sadly, they weren't having it.  Recommend calling ahead first if anticipating a night of belting out your fav tunes!
Jim was incredible and he had my Honda Odyssey, looking like new , and it was done in a day,  by the nicest, friendliest guy ever!  The price was right and I had fun talking about junkyards, pick a part places, which still exist!!!  The final result was a work of art!
Went with my super hot girlfriend we got a dish and shared thank god it was over priced and not that great shouldent go again
The worst french fries EVER.  Wouldn't feed in n out fries 2 my dog.  That said, the burgers are slightly better than average.  I would rather pay more and get Fatburger.
I come here pretty often since it's so close to my house. I love the tropi-colada! It's always crowded in here but they have a quick turn around with orders. I haven't tried the food here but it looks good!
-Good selection.\n\n-Convenient parking.\n\n-Friendly employees, helpful.\n\n-Unique food items.\n\n-Good prices, but it adds up if you're not careful.
I really wanted to like this place but the food was overly greasy, the meat was tough and the depth of flavor just wasn't there for Thai food.
Omg! Great food..awesome bowl drinks. Great waitress..christi..gave us great options for food selection.
Certain items were better than others. Just got really annoyed with waiter/ess coming every 2-3 mins and when I actually need them I waiting 10 min before they came. Just annoyed. Overall decent just wouldn't give it 5 stars.
I feel like I'm in the 80s at this movie theater . This place is in need of a major renovation and carpet cleaning
Eh. The food is kind of bland and the staff wasn't very attentive. The only good thing there is boba tea which is probably the only reason I'll go back.
Loved this bar! Wish we had one in Oklahoma. Try the ahi!
I love K9 Playland! They always try to accommodate my last minute requests to bring my beagle in for a bath or day care. The staff is consistently friendly and I always feel like they're excited to see my pup. I feel confident that he's in good care while he's there.
Decent food with excellent lunch specials.
This place was over priced and just not very good.  There were 5 of us and only person liked their meal (and now I can't remember what it was!) If you are in San Tan...go somewhere else!
Had a problem with Barnes and Nobel but the manager was very nice in helping to resolve the issue as best she could
Two words: Light Group! They are terrible from every angle. I wold give this place no stars if I could. Stay away from Haze at Aria also!!
I love Whataburger! But this location, which I visit at least once if not twice a day, has become the very slowest ever possible Whataburger in town! It is been that way for several months. And they don't seem to have a clue that they need to fix it.
Be careful , these kids forget to give you everything you order   ,I paid for Reese's pie and coleslaw and when I got home it wasn't there, so disappointing....
Great quick bfast bite. I was staying across the street and I just wanted a quick lite bite before hitting the pool and this was a winner. Practically in hotel dining.\n\nWe had the french toast which is more like a casserole and a scramble.
The only Dog Park in the Metro Phoenix area with a beach front so your dog can play in the water. Lots of big dogs but the owners and their pets seem well socialized. To see some photos and my complete review visit http://www.dogparkriot.com
Love this concept. Staff is friendly, office is clean! And most of all...my back is much happier. Great example of fantastic customer service.
everything on the menu is delicious.  we used to eat here when it was barrio cafe and still loved it.  the recent remodel is cute, but wish there was more greenery in the outdoor seating to obstruct the views of parking lots and apartments.
CLOSED\n\nThis place was pretty decent for a cheap \"Italian\" meal, though it was hard to eat here on any day but Sunday since Montesano's Italian Deli is within the same block.\n\nIt will be missed!
Just used the \"fast order\" and took over 15 minutes to get two hot chocolates. When we asked the manager where the second one was he gave us total attitude. Rude!!!!! Visit another panera!
Worst sushi restaurant I have ever been to. The fish looked discolored and didn't smell very fresh. I went there for dinner with a friend and we were both disappointed. That experience got me to avoid eating sushi altogether for a while...will not recommend this place to anyone!!
PYP is nothing like you have tasted before. With flavors such as jag bomb, jack & coke, margarita, mimosa, pb&j and a bunch more. These are worth checking out if you have not had a chance!
It's cheap....not the best food, not the best quality. But it's fine to eat when you've been walking around shopping for 5 hours. I finally tried the meatballs and they were alright, but I wouldn't call them good.
For a tiny diner, the food is outstanding. Tater tots done to perfection, the breakfast burrito is worth driving miles for and \"Big Rig Burger\" is second to none.  It's worth stopping in even if you don't have a \"Big Rig\".
This H&M is huge. Probably the biggest I have been in. I mean I didnt even know where to begin. They have all departments\n\nWomens, Juniors, Men and Jr mens and lastly children. \n\nIf you want to shop H&M in Vegas head out to this location
Canned shrooms, packaged hollandaise and instant potatoes? Well that's what it tasted like! Steak was good, but would pass on all the extras. Creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e was good!
Dr Fakhouri is amazing and the best but the front desk people are rude and incompetent.  They do not know what they are doing. They need to learn about customer service. They are the 1st people we see and they can lose client because of their bad attitude.
Not sure if I've been to too many magic shows, or this one was over hyped, but I was not impressed.
A nice lounge... not worth the cover, however.  It's an intimate space, but very overpriced.
Stopped by at this very friendly spot on a Wednesday evening. Reverse happyhour. Bourbon & coke $3.00, Mick Ultra $2.50 damn nice\n\nWe'll be stopping in more often.
I have been here 2x this month for surgery for my child and husband. Both times staff was amazing!! They are great at care and do an excellent surgery/ recovery care. Check in prior and blood work can be more timely and frustrating then the actual procedure
This was a horrible experience. Paid for the vanity over a month ago. Never received it and am still waiting. And they refuse to give me my money back . Every time I called or went in, it was a different story or excuse. Is there a rating of ZERO stars?
I have been going to Chipotle but I may rethink..the chicken was burnt.!!!... if u burn the meat don't serve it...worst chicken bowl I have ever had...please train your employees not to burn food ..it will be a while before I go again...
Happy hour quality was not good for me. I had yellowtail and it did not seem fresh. I ordered a vodka martini since they have a full bar but no one knew how to make it so I was told not available. The only drinks available were sweet specialty drinks they have on the menu. My opinion and experience.
My husband and I stopped by for a quick lunch before heading to a movie. We found the service to be poor and our food did not live up to the standards we had experienced at other Charleston's locations.
The lunch buffet is really great, everything is fresh and full of interesting flavor - nothing is spicy hot, though. Friendly staff.
the food is meh and some of the portions r too big tl b called tapas
It is okay for the food, but really not what I expected. The green curry is actually yellow curry, oh well.
Deserves 5 stars if it wasn't for their smokers patio flowing right into the restaurant. Fucking disgusting. Open windows from outside blowing cancer straight into my lungs. Designate a nice smoking section NOT IN FRONT OF OPEN WINDOWS INTO UR RESTAURANT
The service sucked. Managers were outside on break or smoking when the restaurant was packed. Always out of something on the menu, like taquitos. I like el pollo loco food and will have to drive further to get better food and service then this location!
Be prepared for a long wait and below decent service. The pancake house had the audacity to switch their oil to peanut oil, thus alienating those who have the most common food allergy in the world. Disappointment just begins to describe my experience.
The food is definitely above average despite a lack of variety at breakfast. The service was efficient but could not possibly be less friendly. It is unfortunate that we never witnessed an employee smile.
I think that everything was a bit over priced. We sat out by the open air that overlooked the pool and that was nice.
Food sucks and staff is even worse. I can't believe that people pay to eat there. Their wings are usually dry (not enough sauce), glasses are dirty, silverware is dirty, servers are terrible and why can't they use plates instead of paper??? I don't like the atmosphere and I'm not going back.
Great bagels but I got a dozen with two tubs of cream cheese and when I asked them to slice them, they said it would cost me an extra 2 bucks. Ridiculous!
Solid. Food and service.
Great customer service, this was my second time visiting and  I was treated well, and our food was right on time, for a large group like ours 15 of us,I was surprise at the swift serve along with still providing quality food. Great place for eggs
Going out of business sale is a joke. Drove up from Chicago and it was a complete waste of time! Prices are extremely high - electronics are higher than best buy. Furniture needs another 50% off to even consider buying floor models. Customers were all walking around complaining about the price.
Great place. Went to celebrate a friend's birthday. Service was fabulous. Food terrific. Yummy eggplant. Everyone loved what they ordered. The veal Milanese outstanding. Lovely setting. Do not miss.
Went here for a work event and none of the games that we were told we had free access to even worked. Dave and Busters is way better and definately has a better atmosphere.
I really wanted to like this place but the crust was bland with no flavor. There's better pizza in town.
Food was good, but we were there at nine in the morning and there were only two other tables and we waited forever just for coffee and water. The waitresses were in the back and were nice, but just not attentive. Several people complained
Amazing breakfast burritos! Heat up so well the next day, go here at least once a week!
What a beautiful spot. I surprised my wife with a couples spa day and we were treated like royalty. The spa itself is beautiful with lots of treatment options. The staff is knowledgable, patient and professional. The rooftop pool is gorgeous and lunch was excellent to boot! Highly recommended and will definitely return to this beautiful desert oasis.
Honestly nothing I have eaten here could even be considered average. The service is always solid, but the average beer selection and below average food make this place forgettable. I now spend my time at the Bulldog Pub instead which has better food, beer selection, and atmosphere.
Shear Shack is by appointment only.  Not that this is apparent from their website where business hours are clearly listed, but this is clearly the case as I was turned away today by the stylist because \"she was just stopping in today.\"
Tivoli village is not exactly what I expected! Perfect to walk around when the weather is nice but gets old pretty fast. Definitely geared for an older crowd. Still has some top notch restaurants but not sure it's worth the 30 min drive from the strip
By far the best food ever! So glad we found this place. Very unique menu. Excellent service! Thanks Marco! We will definitely be returning. They will be seeing much more of us.
Excellent service, good food! Recommended spot in Old Town!
Believe the hype. Small cozy place to enjoy a wonderful tasty pizza with a cold beer. Try arriving early to avoid the long lines, but definitely worth your time.
The Deliverance Roll= Heaven in my mouth.
Most ghetto Walgreens I've ever been too. People outside begging for money. Exit is blocked off by the register so you have to walk around even if you go to the liquor side. Employees look like they hate their jobs. Other than that this place is great.
Great views. Drinks were strong, but not that tasty. It was loud, no real dance area though.
The longer the wait the better it tastes. Can't get enough.
Had a great lunch here yesterday! Fresh food, priced right, great owners and decor. Lots to choose from on the menu, healthy eating with favors to delight!
It's the post office...what can I say? Although, Michelle is awesome and friendly! .
Don't stay here! This place needs some serious work. Filthy carpets and tubs. I regret booking at this hotel.
The original Dutch Bros. (in Oregon) are great, these in Phoenix are fine.  Traditionally, you don't come for a cup of coffee when you go do Dutch Bros., you go for the experience.  If you've ever been to one in Oregon, you would know what I mean.
Greatest burgers in the world!! Not expensive either. I could eat eat here everyday!
memories \n\ni love their warm lattes. try their chai tea or earl gray latte. YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED. \n\nbubble tea is great too. i always come back to this place when i am in town.
A Pittsburgh Classic!\n\nDoesn't get better than this! \n\nTurkey, Steak, Fish are my Favorites!
Not only was this place my favorite food in the area, it was the best Chinese food I ever had...but no more.  Unfortunately, Jade appears to be on its way out.  The food isn't fresh anymore and it seems that corners are being cut in other areas.  Too bad! We are running out of options up here.
You go for the food and stay for the drinks.  Potent one two punch.  Quality all the way around is better than average.  Better food, drinks, service and happy hour prices than most.  Nice ambiance too!
It was a lot better. Food and service have declined over the years. Still one of the best Irish pubs in terms of atmosphere... but don't expect much more than that. I can't even bring coworkers from out of town there anymore...
Server, Robin was outstanding but the food was not. Order Joliet medallions with rice and veggies. Filet was very tough and fatty and the rice was super salty. Bread was very good and very hot. Restrooms were not clean.
Lots of hands on stuff to do and explore. My faves - the robots - they never miss shooting baskets and will kick your ass at air hockey. Fun and informative way to kill an afternoon.
I was here once. A reasonably sized girl broke her white plastic lawn chair and tumbled to the ground. I averted my gaze and tried to focus on my overpriced mediocre eggs benedict. My friend just laughed and laughed. I guess I should have ordered the mimosas, too.
The worst coffee I have ever had from a Starbucks!! And they don't accept gift cards!!
Great Italian food....They messed up my pizza order but went above and beyond brought out a different pizza for appetizer and a beer on the house! Great restaurant and great service but the best thing is the food fresh ingredients and good Italian great atmosphere.
Awesome breakfast place with a laid back casual atmosphere but super nice food. My wife and I split the pot pie and Bella Bella Bennys twice. Both are great choices.
Despite specifying what i wanted and confirming they could make it i ended up with \"chicken chow mein\" american style made with spaghetti noodles swimming in soy sauce with no vegetables even though i asked twice.\n A step up from panda express. Save your $$$.
Great service with a smile today at this shop. Even got a free sample of a new candy they are selling. \nThanks
Definately worth the visit. The next best thing to grilling in my backyard!
Went back about two weeks ago to send off a friend. This place is orgasmic. We shared the homemade sausage pizza and a small spaghetti calzone. On my dying bed I would ask for a spaghetti calzone with meatballs and ricotta.
Bottom Line: Very Nice Sandwich.  \n\nAte there 4 times last time I was in Vegas.  Good amount of meat for price. If I hadn't looked it up, I would have driven right by. Worth a stop.\n\nWould definately recommend!
You cant give prices of things over the phone? So I have to make the trip without knowing what I'm getting?  Way to be inconvenient and waste my time. I'll never shop there again.
Great wine, fabulous food, and terrific live music. My husband went in after seeing a movie and we were pleasantly surprised...and happy to find out that the place was open. We will be back!
AVOID MEAT DEPARTMENT.\nBad Service. Poor quality seafood and meats.\nManager does not offer any help.\n\nGood Produce sale on Wed.\n\nDo not expect any customer service from Meat Dept and Store Manager.
I really like this shop they are cheap, fast and accurate.  Plus you don't need an appointment like my treading shop in Scottsdale.  Glad my mom lives in the neighborhood.
I'm very disappointed that they forgot AGAIN my ingredients. No vinegar, oil, peppers, onions. This is the 2nd time it's happened and it's been both places on Sahara. This was my favorite sandwich shop but it's looking like not anymore.
Like what other reviewers said, this airport screams \"Welcome to Vegas!\"  yep... slot machines everywhere.   It's a busy airport but their straightforward and functional layout helps make the flow of people relatively smooth.
no place i would rather be on a Saturday at 6:30 a.m.  then at Matt's Big Breakfast -definately we worth getting up early for with a small group of great friends - the best breakfast joint in Phoenix!!!
This spot was recommended by some fellow travelers while we were in Downtown Las Vegas Fremont Street ! We were not disappointed :) reasonably priced, great food, great service, sophisticated atmosphere:) signature dish is the 46 ounce rib eye ! Tell them Heidi and Michelle sent you !
Great tasting food, large portions. If it wasn't for the extreme long wait, I would have given it 5 stars.
not worth it! taste rubbery...
Wings are good. Best to go on a Tuesday or Thursday for the specials, otherwise is a little pricy for what you get. \n\nThe service can be hit or miss. But I find if you are pleasant and chat them up a bit it helps with the service.
best restaurant
I've used this family shop for years.  The repairs are top notch. Items are ready as promised.  Nothing like having your favorite pair of heels repaired.
First 1 star review. Came in at 6:20 on a Tuesday. Completely out of chicken breasts in both original and crispy. None in the cooker. 20 minute wait if I wanted them to cook me one.
Get on the roof! This is where the fun/action is! Came here for Dash/ATB during EDC weekend and had one of my most fun clubbing experiences ever.\n\nMake sure to pre-purchase your tickets though, or you'll be waiting in a line forever.
Great food, in huge quantities. Strong drinks, good beer selection. Music can overpower the place but it's still good. Service was lacking a bit, but I would still recommend this place to anyone.
I would give these guys negative stars if I could.  After going through a dispute over the long delayed delivery of my furniture, the owner called me and cussed me out repeatedly.  Do yourself a favor and find another dealer.
I gave the shrimp dishes, but also fried even baked, it is really delicious. Outdoor seems to immediately become fully booked, but the room is okay if you go to the early time.
Went there on a dinner date with the hubby we both ordered lamb shank. Well somehow mine was not well cooked and lets just say I had food poisoning after that. Enough said
I have been going to Nail Design/ Vo salon for about 8 years.  Love the new look and all the new services being offered. The gals at the front are always friendly.\nThanks Ken, Michelle, and Johnny!!
Ted THE BEST BARTENDER in VEGAS, we got screwed on the prix fix menu and reservations for New Years.  mgr compd drinks, waited for food, total bummer, food was 3/5...ted6/5, mgmt 0/5, organization 0/5.
Wow.... I understand when you are in Vegas and your drunk food usually tastes better. but cmon MAN... food is terrible and well over priced!!!!  I will definitely not return to this place.
I thought this place was good! Great atmosphere, but not sure what the hype is about. Maybe I ordered the wrong plate (roasted chicken for restaurant week). The famous chopped salad was really good. I will give them that. \n\nI would come back to CPH, but I won't race back.
After leaving the hood when it was dangerous and not gentrified and full of urban/hipsters, I came back around, glad to see the same guys working there, they even recognized me. Same great prices and service.
The food here is decent. It's a big place with great service that gives you the Italian family-style atmosphere you would desire. However, the food is not very good. The only awesome thing is that they have two different choices of gluten free pasta, which is awesome if you can't have gluten!
I would rather go to Rome and see the real thing, just a copy of Saint Peters Basilica...
Awesome joint. Great street tacos and hot sauce. I love the bottled jarritos too. Try the breakfast burritos. My fav: bacon, eggs, cheese, and beans. Sweet murals too, especially the new dia de Los muertos one. I love that I live so close!
Didn't go on crab night. Had some of the best food our entire trip here. Dessert was the only thing a little on the basic/mediocre side. Prime rib was amazing and so was the liver & onions! Try their homemade potato chips! YUM
They get shipments of already cooked doughnuts and just glaze them there. Fake doughnuts!
This place rocks. I have been there twice and the staff is friendly, food is excellent and pricing is great. I will be visiting there often!!!
Salsa and pollo con queso are my favs! Always Great food and friendly service! Come for their lunch deals before 1130am on the weekdays!
Very fun atmosphere! Good food and great prices. I had the slider and Mac and cheese. Mac and cheese decent and the process the get the 50 cent beers could be improved upon but overall great place
The Streamliner (veggie) burger and Grilled Chicken Breast Sandwich were good, but the shakes are out of this world!!  They stole the show.  I got the Strawberry Banana and my friend got the Orange Dreamsicle! YUM!
Cool place to visit, you can take the tram to other casinos and the hotel was built like the Tribeca Grand Hotel or vice versa. Must visit.
A nice grunge feeling...\nPeople and coffee were great!\nTake a pass on food...
It's pretty gross, but just barely edible and if you drown it in ranch it's not bad.  ---Yelpers give me a break I was buzzed and it was only $5 bucks.
The screen on my CISCO FLIP video cracked while on vacation.  Although uBreakiFix focuses on cell phones, iPads, iPODs, etc. they replaced the screen on my FLIP in less than a week.  They are fantastic. professional, courteous, honest, and fast.  Did a great job!
The food was regular.  Nothing special. Had the burgers. Their Tatuado Lemonade was really good. My daughter had their Krispy Kreme burger and it was too sweet for her so she ate the burger without the donut \"buns\". The atmosphere was nice and so was the staff.
Love this studio! So cozy and always feels like I'm at home. I'm so excited for the 40 day challenge! Such amazing energy comes from everyone here!
The selection of different things to try at this place is endless.  Come here during happy hour and feast like you've never feasted before.  Try the sangria and just about anything on the menu is worth tasting.  If you are picky then maybe this isn't your place.  But if you like tapas this is THE spot.
Just the change of pace needed at lunch time. I had a spicy beef patty and stewed chicken with cabbage and rice and beans. Quick friendly service, piping hot well seasoned food.
Got asked for my ID while watching the Ravens @ Broncos game. The security guard was younger than me.
I love this place! If you are going to get a full set, make sure you call ahead and make an appointment with Heather.  She does an amazing job and they seem to stay on longer than anyone I've ever gone to see. EVERYONE here is so nice though!
Great place!  Check in online or on your phone for quicker service!  Wait times listed when u check in so you know before u go! Staff is friendly and nice.  Will definitely come back.
I've eaten at this place pretty much every time I've been to Vegas. \n\nNever had to wait too long in line and the atmosphere is nice. Good menu selection too.
Service is waaaaay to slow and there is no drink refills. I dont think I will be coming back
Menu has a lot of items. Cider on tap! Food left a little to be desired. Steak sandwich was a hunk of steak (not sliced on a roll).
Had a wonderful experience and prices are great!!
The shops are kind of Blah (with the exception of Jo's A. Bank and REI) the restaurants are very good Lucile's in particular. It is a nice walk, and it gets you out of the smokey casino at Green Valley Ranch.
Arm length pizza. Having a hard time finding good slices in Arizona and coming from NY, I just wanted a nice place to have good New York style pizza. This place is it. Great specials for us broke students and cozy enough to watch the game and converse.
Maybe due to the closure next Sunday, our server, Melissa first forgot our order and messed up our check in the end. I will miss the S'more crepe in the future, but the service today had me no regret to lose this place.
love this place!!!!
Yes, it's a chain.  Is it top of the line?  No.  But the quality has greatly improved over the years and the service as well.  They handle groups well.  This place is always on the list for my office to have lunch.  I recommend it.
Had my car repaired and they are very reasonable priced, honest and fixed the you car right the first time.  Awesome customer service and a great place to get any European car fixed.  I highly recommend them .
Food was alright.    Service left much to be desired. Ordered a burger and fries to go, simple but when I asked the bartender for ketchup he assured me it was already included. No it wasn't.. hence 1star.
Portions are huge! Split the banana split sundae with my bestie and even after 4 chicks picked at it, we still couldn't chop it down all together. It's a cute place to satisfy sweet tooth cravings
Great place. Came in with a flat tire, bent wheel, and two bent rims. Within ten minutes they rotated the tires, put a brand new one on, fixed the wheel and both rims, and had us out the door. $90 for everything and nice, chill, professional service. Highly recommended.
Guys do great work and extremely flexible with their hours.  They met met at 4 pm on a Sunday for the tint, which no other place could do as they work out of their own garage.  Had a little bubbling on one of the windows and they replaced it no questions asked.  Would recommend them to a friend no doubt.
Happy hour, happy hour, happy hour! They have amazing drink specials from 4-7pm. And some tasty appetizers too.
I used to enjoy this place but the last two times I've been here my food was definitely warmed up in the microwave. This last time I had a chimichanga that was soggy and soft.
Ate at this restaurant and had the Po Boy fried shrimp sandwich with sweet potato fries. The sandwich lacked flavor and the sweet potato fries looked dehydrated, and tasted disgusting.  Did not live up to my expectations. Waste of money and will not be returning.
This place has great food, great value, good drinks and specials and they get food our pretty quickly. If you are looking for good Mexican Food and fun with friends this place is it.
I only go on Wednesday nights for $1 You-Call-Its.  I've had some of the food and it's okay.  The bar itself isn't very appealing. In fact, the clientele that The Vine draws is rather questionable, except during the school year when it draws a lot of students.
Horrible customer service. Ice bar itself is cool but very small. Front desk is disrespectful and does not  care about your experience.\n\nExpensive and not worth it! Save your money!
Meh. Not very hoppin'. Bartenders aren't too informative. A little awkward. Wouldn't recommend the place.
Don't do it!! You will regret it.
yummmmmmy
Love this place, they are good about describing the different kinds of sushi if you wanna try something different.  any time we have company we go here for your sushi.
Very poor service. Unremarkable at best.
A very nice high end mall.
One of my favorite places to eat on Willy St! I'd recommend it for lunch or dinner. I went there for drinks once, and the atmosphere wasn't quite as enjoyable. Willy Street can get crowded if you're driving, but the side streets nearby should have free 2 hour parking.
Delicious. Great fried rice, great fish. Would def. come back, especially if it was a bit less expensive! wink wink
The Smash Fries were heavenly, rosemary and olive oil. \n\nBurger was great. A little greasy, which I like. Topping choices were good.
This is now the main pie shop I order from since I moved over here. Their Buffalo Chicken Pizza is soooo awesome. I have since also tried all the styles of pie and they are all pretty good. I'm not a fan of Chicago Style but, eat some tums and we're good to go . . ha
Closed. \nOut of business.
My favorite place for beer.  The tap selection is unthinkable.  I like to try a different beer each visit to expand my knowledge.  The staff is also great and the food is good.
Food is average. The Nile and Middle Eastern Cafe are much better.
The food was decent and the staff was very friendly and helpful.  We went there around 9:30 on a Friday night.  The meat was dried out.   I would recommend going earlier when the food is fresh and it would probably live up to the high ratings others left.
Holy crap! I'm never going anywhere else! These chairs are AWESOME! Even the front row seats aren't bad. You can recline completely and watch while lying down.  The only downside is that it is so comfortable that I almost fell asleep.
Super nice group of people working behind the counter. Extremely knowledgeable and willing to answer any of your questions. All of their sausage is made on-site and amazing!\n\nI highly recommend going during the week. The lines get pretty long on the weekends.
Dang good coffee and friendly staff!!
Good cut.  Took her time.
i love this place, best food close my by home by far! severs are the nicest!
The food was good but the portions were too small.  Also the ambiance could be improved and the place could use a little cleaning.  I might be back in a month or two to see if they've gotten better.
Stopped to get gas, paid cash. The pump automatically starts going slow a dollar away from your end amount. VERY VERY SLOW. Like I could have read \"War and Peace\" while getting gas slow.
great for wedding reception and for dates. very good food. get any of the steaks and deserts of course
Marisol was fantastic in the lounge  papas a la huancaina was a surprise thought the cheese sauce was gonna be hot its served cool with hot potatoes
For an airport restaurant the prices are very affordable while maintaining a great quality of food. I recommend trying out any of their salads.
Family said the chicken tacos were ok, however the beef tacos I had were barely edible. They had little to no meat and what meat was in there was burnt. This has happened on multiple occasions now, it seems it may be time to hire some new cooks who can at least cook this \"Mexican\" food.
Good food at reasonable prices. This place is the neighborhood restaurant you may remember from your childhood; a great place to feel at home, to have a great breakfast, to enjoy a good sandwich. The staff are as user friendly as the food. The ambiance is simple, American, and kept clean.
Great DJ.  Casual atmosphere. Worst bartenders ever. Slowwwwww. Terrible at giving change. Refused to help walk up customers.
great little coffee shop. They have great options for take home coffee as well.
Has good reviews and I was not disappointed. You must try the churros with caramel and chocolate.. So good! I will be back!
4 Stars for food & 1 star for SERVICE (lack of thereof)  Can't believe that they refused my order 30 minutes before they close.  I WILL REMEMBER!!
Cool place! makes me think of Hangover. All the hotels in Vegas are very cool and unique. Not for kids. If i was a kid i would have been very bored
Their pastrami sandwich is awesome not salty at all. The price is quite expensive for a sandwich. The service is almost non existent. The night we were there we were served by a filipino lady. She is border line rude. We probably will order to go next time and eat our sandwiches in our room instead.
This place ROCKS!! if you want American italian go somewhere else, but for true traditional Italian this is the place in Vegas!! And the service was wonderful.
Outdoor bar. HUGE selling point. Luckily, the food is great and the staff is friendly. They are new, so hopefully people will be more understanding of that...I notice a lot of complaints about the service. I personally did not have a problem, but we sat at the bar.
Waited an hour and a half for my 10 year son to get pain meds with a broken arm!!! Not acceptable! ! They won't even see you unless you check in at a kiosk
They refused to honor a coupon for a free cigar they had published in local Valpak.\nWas told the manager had decided to quit honoring them a month before.\nShame on you.  I won't be coming back.
Always friendly the staff is great. The food is fresh and tasty. Great breakfast/lunch place!
There is not one thing bad about this place,the service was amazing as well as the food. Portions were very large and the prices were great.
They did an excellent job on the repair of my iPad. They were also courteous and fast on the repair.
Not the worst Mexican food on earth, but it might be a contender in a few years.  If you like TexMex, interior Mexico or New Mexican food, you will likely not like this much.
This is the worst Golds Gym I have ever been too. The air is dense and hot like there is no ventilation. Seems very humid inside and most machines are old and starting to break causing them to not work right. I would recommend a different gym.
No coffee maker no mini fridge bad internet terrible customer service as radio went off in room adjacent to mine late evening hours and it took security over half hour to come turn off after I called several times and had them hang up on me
40 min to check in. Crapy hotel. Talked to the manager and asked her to bring more employees to help shorten the line and she was rude. Will never come back to this hotel!
After a couple of frustrating days, my problem with DaVinci Green has been resolved.  I have decided to keep them on for granite counters and I hope to be able to give them 5 stars after the work.  Bottom line, they did step up and do what they could to satisfy me.
I love Chili's,  but this location is odd.  Great bartenders, but food is so-so.  Recommend the guacamole!  Table service is just okay.  Kind of disappointed:/
So, I was reluctant to see this but my wife dragged me to it. Surprisingly, I thoroughly enjoyed myself. The four singers did a great job and did justice to Sir Elton John, Barry Manilow, and billy Joel. A nice clean respectful show.
For the second time my \"mini\" garlic knots came burnt amd swimming in oil. My pizza arrived cold and late ( 1 hour ).  I don't understand how the garlic knots even made it out the door. Terrible.
Had the Nova Lox and bagel...really fresh and tastey...great pickle too...Alsomy friend had the spanish omlette all veggies...fresh...will be back for soe of the soups...tastey
Service was slow and inattentive. Potions were small. Prices are outrageous.\n\nPass.
Not a fan. He keeps shilling fad \"diet\" and \"nutritional\" products from some website, claiming he doesn't make a dime on them. Other issues I won't discuss here.
Girly is very rude and she is the manager and the owner is super rude and doesn't get much done... I moved in and everything was broken and I called maintenance every day and the owner got to a point where he was going to fight me and he was nasty and in a very bad location is this apartment complex
Food just ok for me. I had a savory crepe with ham & cheese. Wasn't great. I'd like to go back & try a dessert crepe next time. Dim lighting, cool, calm & classy interior. great place for a date.
You see this place in many airports but this one didn't have the freshest food.  The cinnamon roll was drier but still delicious.  I assume they bring everything in from somewhere else as it is too small looking to cook pastries.  Still I am coming back as I liked their coffee with rolls.
Slush Puppy machine is AWOL and my cappuccino was made with off milk. Sad times indeed.
I'm from New York and take Cab rides everyday. Never have I been so annoyed at the rude behavior from a taxi cab driver before. I along with My family was told that our destination of three miles was too short and a waste of money for the company. The fare was 15 dollars so be the judge. Taxi driver 5698
Nice place and a good selection of beer. Female bartender was rude though. I know you guys can get busy but being nice about being in the way of your servers is a better approach than telling me \"you need to make room\" and huffing off after I apologize is not good service.
Organic, homemade sides. Beautiful smoke rings on amazing juicy meat  \nLoved the green chili Mac n cheese. \nFood is great with or without sauce. Of course they are homemade as well: original, sweet, or ghost.
This is not a strip club. It's more like a \"watch men dance in underwear club and never see anything.\"  Don't get me wrong,\nI know this club is for the ladies but when the gay friends come at least allow them some type of show.
This old girl is showing her age.  I remember this hotel being built and it was absolutely beautiful.  Comparable to Ceaser's.  Not anymore.\n\nThe Volcano show is still good, but that's the main attraction.\n\nWe will choose another hotel int he future.
The food is delicious, the menu  has a lot of variety and the beer and wine is excellent. The service is professional and friendly as well.  I highly recommend this place and look forward to going back again and again.
What a dump.  (Compared to all other hotel / casinos).  Don't let the pics fool you.  The old 70's casino tables and the mold in the bathrooms was enough for me.  Time for an extreme makeover..
Horrible drinks.\nTasted like tap water with a little syrup inside. Worker making the drinks gave no smile; however, cashier was friendly and helpful when they made one of our drinks wrong.
The yogurt itself is average to good.  The fruit toppings did not appear fresh at all at 8:45 pm.  The place was clean.  The staff was friendly and helpful.
The worst most over breaded oysters ever...It's a dive to boot.
I used to love this place before the new changes   way too many onions in my salad and loved the fact that they used white American cheese now its just so so ...meh if its not broken don't fix it
If you love Egg Benedict's like I do then defiantly come here for breakfast :) they offer  many different varieties of egg Benedict  and you can either get in a bagel or English muffin. My boyfriend loves the corn beef hash here and the different types of bagels they offer.
Tasty cold brew, delicious dirty chai! Plus a spacious location with lots of seating options in the heart of downtown Phoenix.
Nice people but WAY too loud for a neighborhood bar.
Cool atmosphere...  The bartenders were lacking.  This would be a cool place to get up for a game, but not recommended for dinner.
totally fantastic little store. I came in looking for good deals on sun dresses and professional wear-- found them! Prices for dresses ranged from about $10-$20 and shirts/blouses were $5-15, all from well-known brands like Banana Republic, H&M, JCrew... check it out!
What a great sports bar. Lots of TVs, great atmosphere, and great food. Try the telluride burger, wings, or foccocia. For dessert the cookie platter is the best.
Neat little neighborhood ice cream shop with some tasty flavors available. Staff was friendly, and I love the quirkiness in serving ice cream in Chinese takeout containers with a fortune cookie. Definitely a place to stop when you're downtown!
California Surfing Burrito. Awesome stuff. Very close to what you'd find in Southern California .
Probably my favorite Italian deli in the Madison area. Great selection of sandwiches and sides. Love the pizza ingredients to make your own pizza at home and their frozen lasagna is the best I've ever had. Definitely the place to go for all things Italian!
I come here unfortunately about 2 times a week. My son has autism and has to have McDonald fries and apple juice. The staff is usually over the top nice or the complete opposite, I prefer the staff that have all their teeth .. really gotta wean my child off fries haha because I seriously hate Mcdonalds
Avoid this Clinic.  Doctors bedside manner and lack of knowledge are appauling.  They need to be shut down.
Pb milkshake, blueberry pancakes, and the scrambler. All delicious and it was a ton of food!
Cheesecake factory is a great consistant chain. From Summerlin to Ceasars to Henderson this chain delivers on a diverse menu with great flavor and a very upscale setting for a very pratical price.
Though the prices were a little high for my meager budget, it was freakin' delicious. I can't wait to go back and try their other menu items. I also love the old time burger shop feel to it without that trying-to-hard look, like a lot of diners.
I have eaten there a few times and the quality of food is excellent. Everything is made to order and fresh. Takes a little longer because of that ,but worth the wait. Amazing flavors from everything I ate. He is a \"great\" Italian chef and the waitress was very nice.BYOB
Love this place. Great place to have a drink and enjoy a conversation. Trendy without the attitude. Great service and awesome selection in beer and wine.
Best chimichanga in Arizona! Chicken is so moist and delicious!!!!
The haunted houses were not scary and in the gates of hell there was a electric fence that will keeping shocking you I was shocked three times in the eyes the acting was poor and could tell all three haunted houses were thrown together... Don't waste you money
Love this place! Great beer selection!! We had dinner at The Crepe Celler then can here for a drink (same owners). This place has a great atmosphere and friendly staff.. Perfect place for beer enthusiasts!
Don't come for large portions. Food was good quality but a bit pricey. Service was rushed and inattentive.
I had the Buffalo Chicken Pizza delivered and it was great. I have also tried the pepperoni and it was ok. I feel it's a bit overpriced and I'd recommend only if you have a coupon.
Noodles hand rolled right infront of you.... doesnt get much better than that. Love it! Once you see the 5 different types of noodles that you can chhose from, you'll just be confused. But confused in a good way :-)
The staff is very nice and the free breakfast is also a plus. Management if your reading this, my only complaint is that we can't draw the curtin during the day. After being out really late would would be nice to have a dark room in the morning.
This store is almost equidistant from the other one I frequent. Always use the drive-thru. They are quick and I do not worry too much if I see a long line there. Food is mostly always hot and fresh.
Amazing store!  Friendly and professional staff make you feel welcome.  This was my first time in to this store and I was truly impressed.  Thank you guys for the great experience.  I will be back.
They have great bands that play here , but its too small of a venue to hear music.
Rip . off.  Thief People Up In There.
Great food compared to others I have been, right next to Walmart and the the bus!
My favorite breakfast place in LV / Henderson.  Located in GVR - Green Valley Ranch.  I have yet to experience the potato pancakes prepared like OPH, anywhere else.... Outstanding!
Took 40 mins to get crappy food.  Took 20 mins to get drinks.
Good parking. Although I am upset I had to pay $1 for my 30 minute parking. But that's Scottsdale for you. Nothing is always free. Even parking. Ilove all the shops here but they could update the map of the area because they are missing new places that have opened up.
Great office and staff. Got us in immediately and got my friend adjusted. If I ever need an adjustment I know exactly where I will be going.
Very helpful and knowledgeable staff and very friendly! I purchased cheese gifts for my office staff while on vacation.
We ordered rain gutters from Ben Rutan.  They were installed in a shorter period of time than was promised.  The crew were very professional.  The gutters look great and work great!
Next best thing to being at home in DTW.  Only way it could be better is if they served breakfast like back home...
My husband and I can not get enough of their spinach and feta! BEST pizza, EVER!!!
The best pizza I have found in the valley that tastes like authentic small town NY pizza. We have only tried the basic cheese and sausage (like 5 times since I tried it 6 weeks ago) but we plan to explore more soon! Also, love their Cesar salad dressing!! Yummy!
One of my favorite theaters. So many large screens.  Great stadium seating---far enough height difference that even tall people don't get in your way.  Great afternoon prices too.
Best Panda Express ever. The people here are friendly and the portions are much larger than typical Panda. I wish they were all this good.
The food was good, but incredibly overpriced. I only went due to the worth the wait at Bianco's. I was regretting that choice early into my meal.
My favorite in Pit. Get some beer and mussels. And the fries are also perfect. It reminds the little Belgium restaurent I used to go often in SLC. And it's even better with full diner menu. I just love the mussels. Cannot get tired of it.
We received a \"jumbled\" pie from their delivery department today. See the photo. Ya it was cheap. But my wife was afraid to eat the pizza with concerns about it actually spilling out on the ground. Papa Johns did a better job.
Loved the catfish and fried shrimp.  Mac & cheese was like that from the family reunion - so good!
The car rental center is a joke!  Give yourself TONS of time.  Talk about a waste of fuel and added pollution
Had them deliver and it was still hot!  Always great service and really yummy!!
This is the worst buffet I have been to in 20 years of living in Vegas. Everything was cold and there wasn't much variety of good food. The service was awful too. I won't be returning
Our company has been coming here for many years to host our meetings and Christmas party.  This hotel has a great set-up for large events and lots of guest accommodations.  Centrally located in downtown Pittsburgh, there are lots of shopping and places to eat.  Its an ideal location.
Fun store! Lots of shoes, country/western wear, hats, belts, etc. I ended up buying a pair of ATS red boots that I've had for a month now, and I still get compliments on every time I wear them out!
Quality service at an affordable price.  Puddle Jumper goes out of their way to make the customer happy.  Even after the giant dust storms last summer!
Food tasted very cheap. Couldn't eat it, went to subway instead. I recommend cleaning the walls.
Wanted the LaDuca veal parm today.  I was surprised to find the doors locked at 3 pm. Also looked to me like the TVs were off of the wall, so I guess they've gone out of business,  not on vacation.
I've only had their milk teas in the past and they always tasted like the powder variety. The boba balls are just all right.
I've been here a few times, it's ok in a pinch. The calzone was soggy on the bottom, so was the pizza crust. Usually I'll drive past it on my way to Spinato's, even Gus' down  the street has better food.
This location is fine.  Nothing special, it's a Jamba Juice.  \n\nI feel like I get better service at the location on Central and Earl, though.
Not very friendly...\nTown centre, high street prices...\nMore geared towards tourists.
Changed my rating after finding Musashi!
Went there on a Saturday evening and the place wasn't very busy. My family and I sat at our table for fifteen minutes and never had any of the four servers in the area stop to take a drink order, say hi, or even acknowledge my party's existence. Got up and left.
sadly, they are now closed.
This place just keeps going downhill every year, seems half the retail spots are empty and even the strip malls surrounding it are dying. Not sure what they can do to save this place but as it is now there is little reason to visit besides the theater.
Love their fried fish with fries and the endless supply of ranch. Oh sooo good! The price is right, the service is ok. There's room for improvement. Call in your orders during rush hours.
This place is like an over-priced Chili's or Chedders.  Save your money and go somewhere else.
I ordered for delivery: eggplant parmesan & tiramisu. It was awful! My entree was clearly a frozen meal they probably bought from Walmart and heated up. Then my tiramisu was still a little frozen in the middle. Over priced microwave food!!!
Service was terrible for just sitting down and getting coffee at night, it took longer to get the check than it took to drink the coffee. No gripes with the coffee itself, just crumby service and patio music.
Check out my tip in the tip section, just ridiculous. Prices are a few dollars cheaper then anyone rise around but the service is so slow it's ridiculous.
A may zing!
I ordered a veggie sandwich on wheat, and when I opended the sandwich I could not believe it!  All shredded lettuce, 2 tiny pieces of tomatoe and a few olives.  I have given this place enough chances, it is horrible don't waste your time or money.
Great Venezuelan food. Best place to watch traffic on the strip.
Great Coney's.  Something about the hot dogs themselves they have a great \"snap\" to them.  Had the cheese fries too, they did not dissapoint.
This place is great! The atmosphere is fun and inviting, the staff are very helpful and nice, and the location is in within walking distance of a shopping center. I didn't order food but the menu selection was impressive. I will be returning to this location!
Sirio is rolling in his grave. This is luxury cruise level at best. Heavy sauce, fake Parmesan, and no Italian wine by the glass. Would have walked out if I could. Don't bother with this one.
I took my dog to get a cut and the man who greeted me at the door was very welcoming. He introduced me to the groomer, who sat down with me to discuss what I wanted to get done. I was happy with the cut and service. \n \nI will definitely be going back again :)
Nice Dim Sum restaurant. Will visit again.
Crab legs, Shrimp cocktail, and more! I love this place! The waiters are so nice and attentive, and the tandoor oven and the dessert section are the WOW factors. Don't miss the desserts! They even recently expanded their Asian selections!
Stay away from buffets in Vegas...too many people around food...easy way to get sick!! Trust.
New owners, menu is smaller but the food still is good. Soft drinks were mixed wrong, the draft Coors light tastes funny... no more bells Obererons on draft.  Seating arrangements suck now. Not enough seating for big games.
I have been to Philly dozens of times looking forward to Rita's water ice.  Now I just have to drive down the street.  It is the closest thing to the original I have had,  and without the horrible accents.  If u are looking for a delicious treat for the whole family,  this is it.
Professional service, The discount from Living Social might look like a lot but the actual cost is about the same. with or without the coupon for oil change.
Wonderful food.  Had the seafood ensemble and it was fantastic!  Staff and service rocked!! Would eat again for sure.
Decent sushi. Not amazing wow sushi but good and fresh. Nice server. Environment is down and dirty one star. Not much cheaper if at all cheaper than Ra which is much better food. If I ever find myself in the basement of Harrah I might stop in again but its not worth going out of your way for.
Everything from scratch, absolutely AMAZING food. Breakfast was fantastic, the pastries were delicious, and they serve Illy coffee...the proprietor, is accommodating and we will ABSOLUTELY be back!!!
Donna always does a great job! She's friendly, quick and efficient.
Good fruity drinks... cheese plates.. all great. Dark booths that  gets rowdy. It's really down to the company you're entertaining. I wasn't blown away by their menu or the ambience, but rumor has it that the pineapple gimlet is all you need...
10:30am - 2:30pm. The deli side is open!  They have the best sandwiches!  I recommend the ham and cheese on pretzel bread or the turkey and avocado.  As soon as you step in Eugene makes you feel welcome, is helpful and genuinely glad to serve you!
The pizza was not bad.  I've definitly had better.  The crust is just very heavy.  I'm sure I will have it again, just no go out of my way for it.
There are lots of fun performances to entertain you here. I had a great time!
Food is always made fresh and I have never had to wait too long.  Good place to come for lunch if you work in the area.
Best ice cream shop ever! So happy that it's so close to my house! Me and my husband have been going to Mixers since High School! I was so sad to hear that at one point it was close to closing! They have added a lot of new things that I'm excited to taste! Their homemade ice cream is awesome!
Best burger I've had in a long time. There are lots of killer toppings as well.
I have no idea what the owner's problem is, but he's incredibly rude. His wife, on the other hand is super nice (an odd mix).\n\nGreat space, rude owner and the coffee is average.
Don't bother to ride on this bus, it's the most trashy ever and extremely cold, uncomfortable, driver is was a crazy driving, one day this bus will crash, customer services is liars and will try to get you for extra fees, bad experience mess up my while Vegas trip.
Place is horrible period.....,,went for all you can eat sushi quality is poor and on top of that a ton of rice!
Great guy hangout; waitresses are scantily-clad and friendly.
Amazing as usual , just picked up a dozen rellenos for Christmas !!! Love this place !
Food was decent. Staff not so much. Left waiting for 15 minutes at a time for our waiter while 3 other employees were standing around doing nothing. Probably not going to return.
In regards to the microscopic ice rink...\n\nNo.  \n\nIn regards to the price....\n\nNo.  \n\nJust No.
The one in Gilbert has very good service, they staff is great. The chicken noodle soup is good but a lot of salt, noddles and little veggies and chicken.\nThe best is the Wild Flower Salad, yummy.
Tiffany is an artist, your face will love it
Caesar salad, delicious. Adrianna pizza, delicious. Creme brulee w/ fruit, delicious. Amazing customer service.
Friendly and attentive staff, bartenders are knowledgable about drinks, ticket time on food is very reasonable. Sliders are a little greasy and the cheese fondue is mostly a bowl of chopped up bread but the calamari and oysters are pretty good considering not a designated seafood establishment.
This was such a fun show. Definitely risque, but fun. There was so much audience interaction. The strength of the cirque performers never stops amazing me!
Nice place have been back multiple times.  Unpretentious on the outside, nice on the inside.
Big dance floor.\n\nHave to buy bottle service for no reason... this place is filled with dudes... they got Armenians outside trying to hustle you to buy a bottle but yet there are only dudes inside... how terrible  =/
What a wonderful surprise, this restaurant was. This is a family owned restaurant and they are all so nice and welcoming. I had the kafta plate which was more than enough food. They do a special trick with the rice which makes it taste like no other. You will have to give it a try.
Eh....food was good. \n\nI just don't understand how they have some nice locations, and then crap hole locations. By this time they should all have soda machines, and not be serving toilet/hose water to drink.
This place is a hidden gem. The service is excellent friendly and quick. The food is excellent as well. We mostly ordered pasta dishes they were all excellent but i want to try the pork chops ... it is a special on the board. I would highly recommend giving this place a try.
I love Spoken! The chicks that run it, Amber and Jodi are awesome. Wish I had more money to spend therrrrrrrrre. They are always stocked with super cute clothes.
I brought my car in for a full set of tires and I couldn't of asked for better customer service!!!  Sam the Manager gave me a great deal and my car was done in under an hour!!! can't ask for better than that!! Thank You Sam your the best :)
The history behind the building/name is awesome! I visited this place while in vacation in Edinburgh was not disappointed! Very cute and cozy inside with good beer and food! Definitely try their haggis! Loved it!
The store is very clean, and the staff is friendly. But this is the slowest moving Starbucks I have ever been to. Elect to wait around for at least 10 minutes with little to no line.
Not the I place to be on the weekend.  Crazy busy.  Good shopping though if you can bear the crowds.
Great place to go sit and smoke a cigar. Sam really makes you feel welcomed and greats each person that walks in the door. Furthermore, he takes an interest to get to know his customers which is great because that is not typically seen by most business owners.
Always a good place to meet a friend for lunch. Not the healthiest dishes but tasty. The booths are big and the noise level is minimal.
I went into the bar at 12:15 asked to have the Angel game put in the TV. I ate lunch sat there with no drink refill, left at 12:50 they still didn't put the game on. I was the only person in the bar! Pathetic service
Food here was not that good.. The service was slow and food server  was Not friendly. It took them 45 minutes to bring out my linguini and clam food order.\nThe food quality was not great there. I also think the restaurant is very pricey for the food portions you get.
Great food, coffee and service. It's mom and pop places like this that should be supported.
Meh.\nAverage quality overpriced.\nNot a fan.
This was built in 1950's and it shows. Its dirty and the floors were designed for midgets.  When we checked out for the Caesar, the person working at the office whispered to us, \"I know why you want to go somewhere else.\"\n\nThis hotel needs to be blown up for a new one.
Not bad buffet. Got omellets that a cook will cook it for you yum. :)
I've eaten here a few times. The burgers and salads are ALWAYS tasty. I love the variety they offer in a burger, the salads are really fresh and nothing beats the bottomless steak fries. The servers are friendly and never let you have an empty glass!
Not bad for Taco Bell. Happier Hour has great deals. Aura and Rose are two front end rock stars in my opinion.
Food was mediocre at best.  /The chips and salsa were the best part but I think its ridiculous that you have to pay $5 for chips and salsa.  The margaritas looked good but we didnt try them.  Ambiance is fine.
One of the few stores in Phoenix that still carry Jello sugar free Vanilla pudding cups in the dairy case. We love the stuff and it makes a great easy dessert with whip cream and a little chocolate syrup drizzled on. (Have to have the sugar free so you can have the whipped cream).   :)
I really enjoyed my dinner at Gallagher's! \nThe filet mignonette practically melted in my mouth! Plus our waiter, Todd, was very friendly. \nThe next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely go back!
was just in yesterday and saw they now offer sunday morning breakfast from 10a-3p for -- wait for it -- $2! eggs, hash browns, sausage, bacon and get a bloody mary on the side for -- wait for it -- $2!.\nyeah!
Mediocre at best. Pricing is incorrect on their menu and they refuse to match it. The food is the furthest thing from greek. I guess the lunch special has a lot of food for your money but everything is really greasy. Not a fan.
YUM!! We ordered salads, hot wings, pizza and 2 hefeweizens!!! Good service and great food!!
Very poor quality food. The food tasted old and there was very little to chose from. However, the staff was very friendly.
The service was amazing. Sheila was professional, punctual, and thurough. I look forward to next month having my house Cleaned again :)
Man I love this place everybody makes me and my wife fell welcome every time we come in form Blanca,cece,Chris and manny more
Decent food, cheap prices, somebody obviously cares about this business.  Employees seem to be happy, like working there.  Only thing is the Chicago dog wasn't authentic--no sport peppers, celery salt, the relish wasn't right.  Still tasted good nonetheless.
This place is the ONLY place in CLT for quality body work!.. Great work ethic, quality people, honest pricing and great customer service!  Our daughter's car was fixed in two days and looked superb when returned.  Body Works Plus is the genuine real deal!
Mostly clean environment. \nFriendly staff. \nQuality of food is what killed it. The food was like top ramen in comparison to the Pho I've had elsewhere. Definitely not the comfort food that proper Pho is.
Came here for a farewell celebration for a co-worker. Laid-back atmosphere and good service. Had the wings and they were really good.
RIP.  Closed. \nEpic Failure. I have never been so happy to see a place die. \nHA, HA, HA.
I came back here to try something else besides my favorite egg foo young.  I had the shrimp fried rice.  I must say that I was very impressed.  Some places leave a layer of oil at the bottom of the rice container.  This not the case here.  I requested that they added garlic to my fried rice and it was a very good touch.
They ROCK.  I hope they'll open one in Sherman Oaks, CA!!
Try the blueberry pancakes
Greeted promptly... Ron III, was great!  very patient while my 3 year old jumped from bed to bed; and even played hide and seek with him...all while talking about what my options were.
I love this place.  I am getting married here in July.  I've been a hotel guest a few times and the service is just fantastic.  The staff knows exactly what to do to make it an enjoyable stay.  The breakfast on the top floor was awesome.  Can't wait until July!  Maybe I should write an update in a few months?
Hands down the best golf experience I have ever had.
I love this place. The guys are very knowledgable. Went to a Tyson signing  a few years ago, very organized and it was a blast. Made the big purchase a few day ago, and will get it soon!!  These guys rock.
dive bar, fun times!
The Sunday brunch is reason enough to head to DW. Just be prepared for the long wait times. The food is excellent and you can't beat $20 all you can drink Mimosas!
I enjoyed the nail salon - nice decor, friendly and efficient staff. I tried Shellac for the first time and really happy with results.
Simply delicious! Its a small place with big flavors! If your craving a satisfying asian noodle soup than this is one of the best places in montreal for it!! Service is also quick !
Great place. You definitely aren't going to find this place casually driving around town.   If your looking for ambiance this isn't your spot. If you want unique, great food, then this is your place.  You will leave full and feel like you learned a bit about different cultures.
This station is ridiculous and infuriating
Service ... Needs to improve but the food is surprisingly good. Shanghai noodles is excellent. I am sure the service upfront will get better. I think main issue is language. The food is good. I was not expecting much totally surprised. Give it a try.
Lots of Star Wars Lego even displays and the windows are all Star Wars Disney sure pumping out the money now that they own the marketing rights now, Can't wait till 2015 for the new movie, Now days it seems like Star Wars is coming out the woodwork from everywhere hard to believe its over 30 years old.
Rotting fruit, watery yogurt, congealed Tabasco Macaroni and Cheese that is supposed to be good, greasy but poorly seasoned meat. Definitely the worst place I have ever been.
Very good food. Great flavors and amazing bread. Very friendly staff too
Shrimp few in shrimp low mein and was not very tasty. Disappointing.
Excellent food and personal service. A great value as well, you can't get fresh, homemade Italian food at a better price. Everything we have tried so far is absolutely delicious.
Thank you to our take out person for putting extra tomatoes in my soup and making sure my boyfriends chicken crispers were undercooked.
Excellent service, staff friendly and knowledgeable. Prices are very reasonable. Fixed my daughter's cracked iphone face in under an hour.  Thank you!!!
Place is great they have stuff for everyone. I almost always get the gyro but my whole family besides me is vegan and going out to eat w them is a pain in the ass, but this place makes it easy and less of a headache for me. Kudos!
cool modern place.  great fozen yogurt.  loved it.  helpful staff.
Got the bang bang shrimp to start then the filet and crab cake. Was really good. Waiter made nice recommendations which was nice. Also gave us a buy 1 get 1 free coupon for lunch.
In Charlotte for  conference.  Everyone has been incredibly nice, and helpful.  Good location. Walking distance to other hotels, shopping and dining.  Next door to Charleston Convention Center.
The day after partying, 14 dehydrated drunks waited 20 minutes to get water. The cup of gumble was horrible but the burger was good. Probably not going back their for awhile.
So slow!! The staff was really slow and more busy talking about what they were gonna do over the weekend then hurry and bring patients back... I hear they have appointments... I will do that next time and see how long it takes....
I hate giving bad reviews. Actually this is the lowest review I've ever given. I'm not sure what else to do when I pay $23 for a pizza that arrives cold and so soggy it's completely inedible. Straight to the garbage and off to buy dinner for the second time tonight. Awesome.
Stopped in when they were busy, ordered and waited for more than 20 minutes for 1 smoothie before giving up.\n\nEnded up asking for our money back - their excuse - \"We're not making them in any particular order\".
Bunch of con artists. Tickets are not discounted they charge more than face value. They must have people posting fake reviews here because there is no way genuine clients could be pleased at being ripped off. Shame on the theater s which cooperate with this ripoff.
All sugar, no flavor. Tried this place out about a month ago. Quaint decor, nice ambiance. Ordered a snickers and pumpkin macaroon. We each took one bite and literally left. It was all sugar. Disappointing.
Nice for breakfast, when there is no wait.  They have gotten my order wrong on more than one occasion (do they have to put mayonnaise on EVERYTHING?) but there is good coffee and fresh food.
Even with appointment had to wait 4 hours to see the one and only doctor on site. What a mess!
Relieved the food wasn't as bad as our service. Repeated the order twice and twice they confirmed and they still got the order wrong with everything that was ordered.
Awesomeness!
If you like dodging shopping carts in the parking lot, then this is the Walmart for you.  If you are looking for a shopping cart in the store, good luck.  The place is packed with rude people.  They are stocked out on bottled water.  Really?
Good beer. Pretty good pizza. The only big knock on them was our service. Our waitress was new or didn't care. Either way, I'll go back when I'm up that way again.
Good atmosphere but the food is sub par compared with what you can get at other Mexican restaurants close by...over priced as well.
Food was very good. I had the Reuben sandwich. My only suggestion is that the waitress should check back more often to see if we need anything. Otherwise, I recommend it.
I like the one on the West side of town better. I think it's just set up better. Still a great store, good prices on liquor. we can't go into a Total Wine and More with out buying something.
Horrible!! Ordered a french 75 and it tasted of soured lemons, then tried a classic martini ,dirty, and it was pure olive juice nothing else! \nReally gross, very bad we stumbled into this place because of all the stars it has, at least the cocktails were kind of cheap.
Dresses for $15?  Are you kidding?  Most of my new summer dresses cost that or less from Ross and they're brand new.  These are absolutely NOT thrift store prices.
What's not to like? Everything made fresh from scratch with many items grown on the property. Well thought out and well executed. I haven't found any item on the menu that I didn't enjoy.
Food is decent.  Love their lunch menu.  They have good Bento box combination.
Looking for a non commercial place too get wings while visiting Vegas, a server at our hotel recommend this place. Wings were good, crispy, not that frozen packed your texture..sauce was good though I like a little more heat
One of the best shows I ever been to in my whole entire life. The theme & lighting were amazing and so were the dancers.  the water theme and swimmers did a great job and I highly recommend this show to anyone.  It's well worth the cost.
Had to wake the hubby up during the show, some acts were good, overall I'd rather watch Olympic gymnastics on TV for free. Save your money and watch Love or La Reve was amazing!
Fast & Friendly.  Fresh sushi and it is excellent.  They always give me more food!
nice service and price is not too bad! :)
Good sushi! summer roll was great! However small portions for the price! Good service. Good place to have around the neighbor.
My husband and I come here for sunday brunch it is fantastic ..We will always take visitors here, we even enjoyed it for Easter Sunday , Service is wonderful plus u get to listen to Jazz the only thing is the jazz band (2 of thm) take way too many breaks we would like it if they stayed on set longer.
This place wasn't as good as I originally thought. I tried a few other sit-in pizza places in the area and realized that I was rather unimpressed here. Tomatoes or something on the pizza ended up making me sick the next day. \n\nStill +1 stars for the good service though.
Great food. sucky service. Tried to order for delivery over the phone and the dumb lady who answered didn't understand plain English and she put me on hold several times while I was trying to order. After 10 min she finally put a man on who took my order they really need to get some employees who know how to take phone orders
Food was lousy and  extremely over priced.  Service was sub par at best.  Just hope the food doesn't get any of us sick.....
Food was good. Service was good. Nothing impressive but not bad. A lot of choices on the menu.
Okay place. Never really too packed. Night owls come here more often and they only have ONE lane open. A little cleaner than other Walmarts in the area.
Very bad!
The Two Hearted Ale is great.
Old dusty shithole that charged me $8 for a Stella. Nothing here worth a second look. Pass on this place.
In my opinion the pharmacy  was understaffed and unable to serve customers in a timely manner.
I don't pay for anything when I come here.\nPlayboy Club is okay.\nI would rather go to another place though.\nThe only reason I may come back would be for the attractive women who work there.\nThat's about it.\nI don't plan on going back.
Food is amazing!!! Typical Colombian Arepas and much more!! I highly recommend it, can't wait to come back!!
Our waitress was horrible. By far the worst I have experienced. I made reservations for our party of 20. Everyone with exception of our waitress was amazing. She had a horrible attitude and hated the fact she had our table from the moment we were seated. Not one of us will ever go back because she made it that awful for us.
Always a great experience. Bartenders, music, drinks and food are all great!
I've ate here once and i thought the food was pretty good. i really liked the fact they had multiple vegetarian options and was a big fan of the lentil and corn beignets.
You have many eating choices while walking around the Miracle Mile. This is not a bad place to pick.  It's your typical bar food with a bunch of TV sets.  Nothing great, nothing bad.
The last few times being in that store I've noticed that the manager Temple is very rude to his employees and he even had an elderly lady help with his put downs on a young man working there. So disappointing that an adult is willing to put down his employees!!
a coworker recommended this place, thank you. What a fantastic place. I probably spent this much easy at the sushi places in Ohio and had much less. I will be back and bring any friends that visit who enjoy sushi.
great customer service.low prices,but short on stock.just watch their backpage and watch what arrives daily.I recommend them if your looking to buy a firearm..Gary M.
Solid food with great service.  The waiter knew what vegan was and steered us towards the dishes he thought were the tastiest.  Overall, a nice lunch.
Good soup and spring rolls..
Been here before to skate and its very nice, friendly, and not crowded by any means :)
Friendly service, brand new store, aka clean. What a Taco Bell should be. Also, there's a Long John Silvers attached.
Had the burrito bowl with tofu. The bowl is small looking but actual pretty deep. And the tofu isn't all that special but if you need a quick bite to eat and are a casual vegetarian like me, this place hits the spot before you hit the strip for some fun.
Great selection, tons of toys! A bit overpriced but a great selection!
One of the best sushi places in town!!!
SO FREAKING GOOD! Honestly the best BLT I've ever had. When we go to Vegas this is always one of the first places we have to eat. It's cheap and really good.
By far one of the best experiences I have had at a nice restaurant.  The chef came by and thanked us for coming in. Great food, great wine, great atmosphere.
Nice waitresses. Fun place for old people,  food isn't special.
We had a delicious lunch on the patio there today.......delightful patio and great value for lunch.    Highly recommended.
Sushi Roku is a cute chic restaurant inside the W, but I was unimpressed with the semi slow service and small variety of sushi variety on the menu.  All in all, I think it's a good place to hang out in groups because of the decor and the drink selection.
Takeout grilled steak, baked potato, salad.  The concept is hot fresh cooked steak meal that you can take out and serve as a family meal without having to prepare or grill.  Dine in also offered but they're surprised if you take them up on it.
Horrible, service was terrible the pasteries tasted like two day old batter that you left out on the counter. I wouldn't recommend this place it sucked and I can only give this one star but if I could I would give it zero never go here!!!!!!!!!!!
Best coffee,  half the price of Starbucks!    Service is always fast and friendly and always correct!
Pizza Bianco has the best wood fired pizzas.  The wise guy and bianco verde are a great combo.  Make sure to add mushrooms to the wise guy for a taste sensation.
Saw The Civil Wars here with my wife on 4/2/11.   I had lost my original tickets to the show and they were kind enough to let us in by leaving new tickets at will call.  Very cool little place to see a show.  $3 Yuengling drafts are helpful, also.
1
U gotta stop here...
The attitude of the host stinks really bad\nTold us half hour wait turned out to be one hour . Avoid waiting there
This place is closed.
Everyone always nice and eager to help
Still great, after all of these years.\n\nWish they had cold draft saki.  It's expensive to order the bottles.
Just an note: The new location for Swish is now open.
I went here once for a drag king Contest. All the women were very over weight and not very entertaining. \n\nThe bar itself is the size of a shack and it is definetly for an older male crowd.\n\nIf you are a lesbian between the ages of 21-35 this is not your spot
This is based solely on checking out the shops and walking through the casino, being I did not stay here. This ambiance is very nice and they have a club, the marquee, that gets very very busy at night. It looks like it worth checking out. If you are in Vegas this hotel is worth at least walking through.
Pulled pork sandwich good. Luv the french fries. Ribeye just OK. Only 1 server in restaurant so service a little slow but real nice people. Restaurant is separated from bar by glass so not Smokey at all. I would say worth a try
First time going to there.  I loved the food is was really good and great atmosphere . Bartenders were super sweet
Standard pseudo-Irish pub.  Would give it 3.5 stars if I could - food was a slightly above average but the crowd and waitstaff was just average.\n\nIf you are looking for a decent sandwich, a couple beers and some TVs to watch -- a good choice.
Red 8 is a nice Asian restaurant inside Encore however the food is okay.  Nothing I'll go crazy about since my palate loves authentic Chinese food.  Ambiance is gorgeous, service is friendly yet can improve for the better, price is ridiculous but what does one expect inside Encore.
Excellent meal and service.  Server Michelle recommended a white wine by the glass, and checked back in case I didn't like it.  It was fine.  Nice fresh salad, and the farfalle with radicchio was excellent....slightly bitter edge was great with the creamy sauce.
Sad to see it go. \n\nClosing Monday and being replaced by a parking garage
Great quality food and the servers are really nice!
Their sandwiches are delicious.  I like the Camelback location much better as it offers meat and cheese plates in addition to their sandwiches.  The Central location is very fast paced.  Order ahead if at all possible.  This is a little on the pricey side, but the ingredients are very high quality.
Cool bakery, great atmosphere, delicious food. But bad service - the woman behind the counter has such attitude. Strange for a small bakery; you would think they would be so nice and friendly but nope.  All that being said, the sandwiches are fantastic. I especially love the tuna melt here.
There aren't too many good brunch spots near campus, so I was happy to find Le Peep. Friendly service, good food, and fair prices. Their menu is huge and everyone I was with enjoyed their food. It's nothing to write home about, but if I lived in the area, I'd probably be a regular.
Nice people and helped me\nWith the items I needed
When I go to a coffee shop, my minimum expectation is that the coffee will be good. I ordered a Peruvian and was expecting the light citrus flavor with a nutty undertone of a freshly roasted bean. I got a burnt cigarette flavor of improperly cleaned coffee maker.
The brunch buffet on saturdays is way too pricey for the selection and the quality is simply average. Will not be eating here again.
Love it because its International!
Not a lot to see, unfortunately. Try to go when there is not a line outside.
Went to eat here tonight. It is closed for business it is no longer open. I was pretty bummed as the food looks amazing
Nice atmosphere, but can get noisy when it's packed.  Great go to place for lunch or drinks downtown.  The bar has a good selection of wine by the glass.  Decadent macaroni and cheese, good burgers and caesar salads.
I haven't been here in over a year, but this place was awful. The staff was horrible. Every time I would go I would get the hard sell to the point where I would actually leave. There was one creepy guy who kept repeating my name whenever I would go there in conversation. The store is decent, but no...
Sunday breakfast: website says the bar opens at 8am.  Actually opens at 9am on Sunday. The service is terrible. But the bloody bar is fun and they have really good burgers.
Very clean. Very good servers even the restaurant owner came in our table to help us cook the meat.  Excellent customer service. You should try this place.
A bit pricey, but  was really impressed with the quality (especially for a place in Oakland).
The coffee there was just ok, but pastries were good there. a great place if you were on the go, and want something light.
Vladamir was great!  Completely professional and so accomomodating since we live out of town and we needed to do the repair while we were away.  I would highly recommend this company!\nLynne
Pretty typical Vegas buffet. Lots of options and variety. A bit on the pricey side. They offer a day pass that allows you to go multiple times throughout the day which actually saves money if you eat all your meals there.
We had lunch here. I had half a chicken salad sandwich, with mixed green salad, and chicken corn potato soup. Everything was delicious.  I just didn't like the cigarette smoke coming from the casino, but I got used to the smell. lol
Been here a few times. Food is authentic, fresh, flavorful & quality!! Service is excellent! And the restaurant is very nice, spacious and clean. Good music & great vibe. Tacos are my favorite. If you want Mexican food in Vegas come here without a doubt.
Nothing spectacular here; good burgers and apps, and beer. The place is huge; two full bars, and a wide open floor. This place must pack them in pre and post game. Nothing wrong with that either.
Like others have said, great staff here. Mary is normally at the front counter with a big smile on at lunch time. Keep people this nice working here and ill keep coming back. You can get decent fast food anywhere, but great service is another story. Great job guys!
Reasonably priced food with good service. Felt like a home cooked meal. :) I would come back and dine in again !
I love my guys at this bike shop.  super knowlegeable and bright funny dudes.   always a killer clearance rack
Service sucked. Manager too busy with cross word puzzle. Food has been better. Omelet was dry.
Great local place!! Check it out
Rick takes you to great places and does just the right amount of history, good times, and recommendations. Great group on Monday with Brazilian Boston girls, Canadians, and good times. Highly recommend!
Great cafe! Super fast and friendly staff. I usually get the chicken curry wrap, on of my favs. Chicken breast in light curry sauce with toasted pine nuts and dried cranberries. Very tasty!
Outrageously large portions, good enough to share with the whole family.  The baked beans are also FANTASTIC as a side as well as the slaw.  \n\nI'm not a huge fan of the BBQ sauces, but the meat is just right :)
Our noodles were more on the uncooked side. The food had some taste , but I wouldn't come here again.
Terrible, terrible, terrible.  I ordered delivery.  Chow mein and I threw the whole thing away. I will never, ever eat there again.
Was busy but very quick service. The crust on the calzone was great but the inside was just average. Had the deluxe with four meats.
I'm not a huge fan of this restaurant.  The biggest disappointment is that the shakes taste artificially flavored.  \n\nThe is the authentic Steak 'n Shake experience, in the Las Vegas desert.  If you love this chain, this has the same quality food and dining experience.
Great place to come and enjoy a good happy hour after work.\n\nAnd the food is not bad either
I've been going here for about three years and it's the best moderately priced pedicure you can get in the valley.
I ate here 2 times. I will not be back. Food took a long time to come, the bread was dried and cracking. My wife had a beef dip that tasted a week old. I tried it twice and the food & service was bad.  You lost me as a customer!
Went for Happy Hour after work.  You cant beat the $5 glasses of wine.  They even came around right before 5 and asked if we wanted more before the prices went up.  The servers were all friendly and highly suggested that we try the Bruchetta.  So glad that we took their advice.  Would go back here anytime!
I'm a little sad that Phantom is closing down around September 2012. I watched the show last year, and I was satisfied with the performance even if it was a condensed version of The Phantom of The Opera. I thought the cast was great and the setting was very intimate.
Everything from the food to the service and the cleanliness of the restaurant was exceptional!  Exceeded our expectations!
Just ok the quality is lower than I expected. I found very little fresh fish. everything was fried or covered in sauce.  I would have expected more from the reviews.  Much better ayce offered in vegas. But service was good and they were nice. So I say the place is just ok. Nothing special however.
Favorite late night snack in Montreal. One of my favorite late night snacks anyplace. Right on Crescent, so close to the bars. The shawarma is delicious (order with everything on it). Also inexpensive. The fries with sauce are amazing. Go here at least once everytime I visit Montreal. Very friendly service.
the food is comparable to the Charleston location.  it's ok.  the ambiance is pretty lame.  finally, I realize they just opened but their staff is laughably untrained.  fixable problems but I don't think service and d\u00e9cor are priorities for lola.
Pretty darn good Asian food. :)
The place is okay. The food is like diner food but a bit over priced. The staff is friendly and the atmosphere has the 1050/60s vibe. \n\nI would give the entertainment a 4 but this rating is based on the greasy food.
I could probably buy the ingredients to cook my own breakfast, cook it, wolf it, and start on the dishes in the time in takes to get served here.\n\nI also found out after eating here that they've come up a few times with 3 or more health code violations. Last month: SIX VIOLATIONS.
Has the best chow fun here. Very large portions and excellent service \nI go at least twice a month
What a shit hole!!!! They have a cover for locals too!! I can't believe it,  they're crazy. Don't ever waste your time at gileys. It's not worth your time. By far the worst bar at treasure island!!
Not happy with this company at all. Would not recommend. I cancelled after two weeks.
I had the omelet. It is cooked French style. It was alright...I like mine cooked American style!!! It was just to fluffy. I also had a side of their bacon. It was very very good. Service was ok. I went at 7:30 in the morning and it was dead. I expected better service
Good airport, not too big. clean. free wifi. Vivaaa las baygusss
Best place in Terminal 4. I like the couches to have a beer, lounge around and use the airport WiFi. Tacos are good too, but new Mexican food place going in Terminal 4 in 2012 might give Oaxaca a run for its money
sehr freundliche Mitarbeiter sch\u00f6nes Ambiente ..morgens sein Kaffe zu schl\u00fcrfen :)
Great service and friendly atmosphere. The California Club Pizza is a must pick along with the California Club Sandwich but don't order it with the new Mediterranean Bread they have. Overall great experience and I'd definitely stop back in for a quick bite.
They have great salsa and fundito sauce! Their carne asada burrito was also very good and would eat again. Their chips were stale which was very disappointing as we ordered to-go so I could not ask for new chips and could not enjoy the great salsa.
we tried this place based on reviews.  we already love sumo sushi over on green valley and wanted to see if this place measured up.  nope.  didn't cut it.  good but not great.  went there trhee times to make sure but we'll stick to sumo for our love of sushi!
Just returned from a meeting at the MGM in Vegas.  Studio Cafe has a great breakfast menu.  I ate there every morning and all menu items were very good and price was reasonable.
Well, I love REI.  This store has it all.  This particular location has great service.  Every time I have had to buy gear of whatever kind I've always been helped by someone who is thoroughly informed, as well as pleasant.
We had an amazing time. Russel was the best host. I rented the cycle for my boyfriend's birthday. Everyone had a great time. Would definitely recommend the pub cycle.
Tasty food truck food marked up to nosebleed levels served in a huge soulless hangar by arrogant staff.
Thought I would give Toppers a try.  Very friendly staff, informative and good pizza to boot.  Thanks guys for helping a first timer and I will be back!
service may not be their strongest point but their sushi is good. They have great lunch specials and Happy Hour specials!
Fresh food, reasonable prices.\nAttractive and attentive staff.\nBroad range on the menu.\nNo complete sentences.\nYou won't be disappointed.
I want to turn around to get another pizza right now!!!! This was one of the best pizzas I've had in a while. I had e Greek pizza and ate all six slices- by myself! Will defo recommend this lovely locals joint to others and return myself. Thumbs up
Amazing jewelry store. We've bought and had fixed/serviced our watches, rings etc They are wonderful. Unfortunately Danielle, the lady who usually answers the phone, has poor phone manners. I won't give T Bird less stars though. She just needs to check her tone of voice!
I had the Crispy Steelhead, and it was delicious! The sweet pea risotto and roasted tomato-chanterelle ragout were a great addition. If you're looking for a great restaurant with an original menu, this is the place to go! Friendly staff and they were quick to seat us.
Been a member since gym opened and it has just gone down hill. Kids throwing a football around the gym at the Entrance inside. Trainer's having inappropriate conversation while on the clock. To bad it use to be a great place to work out.
Love this place! Especially because they are open until 3am.
Possibly the most incompetent bar staff in Phoenix. It's as if it's an inconvenience for them to get you another drink.
This place is a joke. Crappy service, crappy staff, crappy inventory. Don't bother. \n\nRude, rude, rude.
The best seafood I have ever had. Better than Italy. Better than Greece. And I am from Seattle! The best. The ambiance of the place is top notch as well as the Kierland Commons in Scottsdale. It's is an oasis in the physical and cultural desert that is the Phoenix metropolitan area.
Always busy at lunchtime. Wish they would let us call in our order for pick up as we only get 30 minutes for lunch. Staff is pleasant. Food always fresh. Only negative complaint, they do not wipe the tables down on a regular basis.
I kept getting lost!!!  This place is so freaking confusing.\n\nOnly place I actually purchased anything was the Fresh store. \n\nHigh, high end window shopping is just not my thing.
Nothing too outstanding about it but the Clam Chowder was good. And since so many complain about the high prices of food in Vegas, it was only $5.95 for a good sized portion.\n\nThe server Rene was pretty cool too.
A friend referred me to West Coast after going I will not get my tattoos anywhere else! Jake is awesome and it's the cleanest shop I've seen. I would only recommend West Coast Parlor
Super convenient  and they carry tons of daily goods that would have been well overpriced elsewhere.
My room had not been properly cleaned. Bathroom was dirty and someone elses clothes were hanging in th bathroom. A/C worked sometimes and sometimes it blew hot air. Everything is top dollar even the in room coffee which you have to pay for. I stay in Vegas a lot I will never stay here again
everything is poor in this Wal-Mart no one helps you and they tell you to go talk to someone just to go and find one item.... I'm fur sure never coming back to this one ever again not to  mention  that the area is terrible!
Decent food and the decor is tasteful. Not nearly the best Indian in town but good if you are in the area.\n\nThe quality of the chicken in the Tikka was a little poor.
The venue was great but that's honestly about it. The dancefloor was way tiny even though it was the center of the entire club. I received free admission to this club and I wish I had gone to another club.
Wish they had wi fi here.
My husband and I walked in on the grand opening and were the only one's there. All the food was cold ,the noodles were gummy ,and customer service wasn't all that great.We both agreed to give them another chance if we ever see the place filled with customers because the food is bearable and its close by the house.
Excellent food!! We had foie gras and the filet minon, followed by the creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e. Everything was mind blowing!!
Great Mediterranean food! Nice atmosphere, I loved the tapestries, and authentic Persian rugs. My gyro pita dish came out delicious. I recommend this place to everyone who wants to go out to an authentic Mediterranean restaurant.
awesome sushi and great staff! the Orange blossom roll is amazing, have to give a try!
Wow, what a disappointment. This location was very, very stingy with it's entr\u00e9e portions, and the fountain drink was totally watered down. I doubt I will be visiting this location again.
Good place to watch a ball game. Big TV's everywhere. Cheap beer and good food. Pizza by the slice good wings. America is great.
OMB best place for relaxing after work. Copper is the best beer I've ever had.
Love this authentic little place. Didn't care for talarpia tacos but the rest of it is amazing.
JULY 29, 2011 == noticed  the restaurant's  sign is gone -- definitely should call before trying to arrange a gathering here!
Hours say they are open, I am here and they are closed... came from Philly with some $$$, lost sales.
Good place to shop for your everyday need.  They price match and accept coupons.  And make sure you use your CVS card for discount and specials.
Go check out Jaleo instead!  The food was terrible, and not really a mix of the 2 cultures, but rather, just serving individual Chinese and Mexican dishes.  The service was not very attentive and very slow.  Won't find me there again.
The value here is outstanding.  They have the tastiest chicken and I'm really baffled by some of the reviewer's who didn't like it.  I lived in Charlotte the past three years and ate here frequently.   The squash casserole and buttered spinach are my favorite sides and the cornbread - YUM!
Always wonderful.  Not only does Betty and her staff make my dogs feel so welcome, but she is always so nice and sweet when I come in to drop off and pick up.  I have been coming for several years and always refer her to other people with pets.
Found out about them from Check Please! Arizona on PBS 8 and tried them out with a friend.  Best Philly Cheesesteak I've had in a long time.  Place is very casual and has a diner feel to it.  Food is classic American and the service is attentive.  Prices are reasonable too.
Love their pizza!!! Always fresh & made to order!  Try the warm chocolate chip cookie with ice cream :)
Who is cooking today is what you eat. Today was a mess, taco broken in 3 pieces and a partially rolled enchillada coved eith lettuce. Flavors were ok but very sloppy presentation. Not a good day at this location.
I loved it! The food is authentic. The owner, Ninos, a Chicago native himself spoiled me! Everything was good. The soups, the Kabobs and the shwarma, everything. It feels like home. Thanks Ninos!
Don't bother. Any breakfast dish will disappoint, but the OJ is great.
not much to say...it was just OK
My favorite sushi spot.  Great food and atmoshpere.
I felt the food was expensive for what it was w/ very small portions. That would have been accepted but the waitstaff was terribly rude. The food was average. I heard they took the photo booth out, so that looses some points, too.
this place isnt bad but its not really good either. (food wise)\n\nThey have dim sum all day, and the prices are cheap so that is good.\n\nBut i won't come here again. Straight up.
Just your regular mall food. It looked appetizing, but wasnt. ate here with a couple friends and they didnt enjoy their food either. Wouldnt recommend this place to anyone and wouldnt want to come here again.
This is a sports bar and dive bar rolled into one.  Nothing is particularly bad but I wouldn't go out of my way to go here either.  The price is right and the service is friendly and competent, so if you happen to be in the area and need a beer to go with your game, Tailgaters would be a safe choice.
A lovely sticky dirty dive bar. A place I have no trouble acting the fool in!!! I just wish I could get my beverages a schmidge faster.
Very dirty and disgusting. Sat down and he brought out egg noodles and duck sauce. Long black hair right on top. Got up and walked out.
I have eaten there many times and never had anything but a delicious meal! The best place in Vegas to go for real authentic Italian food. The chicken cacciatore was delicious.  They are very friendly. They also have many Iatlian sauces and specialty foods to buy. I always have to buy the Italian cookies.
i like this place when they have it all together. some times the service is great sometimes not so much. Sometimes the food is good sometimes its great. but its always good and they have a ton of beer to choose from both on tap and bottles. go before 7 for the happy hour and the best drink and food prices.
I've had better pizza at Pizza Hut. I won't be going back.
For the amount of time I waited and the money spent, not really impressed. People were saying that the quality went down, and now I believe it. I'm not saying that it wasn't good, but it wasn't greater either.
Thanks Gabriellas for bringing back an old school pizzeria to the neighborhood .\nAmazing food  friendly staff we had Manolo for the server he was able to accommodate my grandmother with all her food allergies.\nWe shall return for sure thank you guys.
DO NOT buy gas here. They will take your cash and refuse to pump gas. Filing a police report now.
Had the Donny sandwich, chicken parm sandwich and NY style cheese pizza!!! Wow fantastic is what I gotta say...!!!
The price is great and the fish is fresh. Their lunch specials can't be beat either. I love this place!
Went here August 1, 2014 for dinner. Should have save my $26, it was not worth it. Smelled fishy when you walked in. Save your money. Even prime rib was tough. Service was good, not there fault food is bad.
This place is awesome.  Hands down.  Stop reading this and go already!
It's in good shape. The problem with SunRidge Canyon is that it's hard. As in hard to the point that it's not that much fun. Add about 6 strokes to whatever your score is at any other course and I'm about a 11.
India Grocers is now open in the university area. The store is big when compared to other stores in university area. The store is neatly organised and clean. The veggies are fresh comparatively. Staff are very humble and friendly. Kanam Dhokla is very tasty,
One of my favorite steakhouses. The only part missing for me in regard to this location is atmosphere. The two Arizona locations and the Beverly Hills location have an intimate atmosphere. I find this open air mall location distracting.
good pho. good ice coffee. lousy service. try ox tail pho. as good as italian ossobuco or better
You get the food the way they want to give it to you not the way you  want to receive the food. I asked to speak to the manager , and she barely spoke any English at all. All she kept saying was sorry we do better next time sorry we do better next time
The dancing upstairs is pretty awesome if you are in college, if not I wouldn't recommend it.  Downstairs is a good place to chill for a drink or two, but idk about a whole night there.
I found this on Groupon and gave it a go. It was fun to go something different but I'm not sure I would go back. I didn't find that it was a high level of comedy. I suggest you Try it if you get a discount ticket.
What a great deal. 55 for 4 visits a month.\nDoctor Graham is so awesome! !!!\nOh I feel so much better.
We go here all the freaking time.  We can get dessert for a family of four for about $10, and everyone gets what they want.  I stick to the tart flavors, as all the other ones are too sweet for me.  Great, fresh fruit toppings.  My only complaint is that it gets a bit crowded.
This casino is beautiful, inside and out. The canals are beautiful, with gondolas sweeping past the crowds, opera sounds piercing the air. Shopping is fantastic and the restaurants aim to please. Their  rooms are luxurious, even at the standard rates. I love their room bathrooms, especially the vanity area as it is actually made for comfort and convenience.
Had to stay here for couple hours while waiting for a flight back home.. it was okay.. nice clean and had plenty of restaurants and bars to choose from..
Just meh. Ordered chicken satay and yellow curry chicken to go. the place was empty and my order was made quickly. but the flavors were just meh.
A pleasant place to get your ice cream fix. Very friendly & helpful ladies who run the place. I recommend their Macapuno & Mango ice creams!
Everytime I go to Viva Zapatas it feels like home they really know how to provide the best customer service. My favorite dish is pollo zarandeado and ceviche it is delicious you gotta to try it...
I ran over a 2-inch bolt that went through both the tire and the actual rim. Discount Tire worked so hard to cost the least amount possible! I was blown away by their service and willingness to go the extra mile! These people are amazing!!
fresh donuts and great service!
Effective treatment and good people as well.  Pushed me when I needed it and helped me get the most out of my time there.  I learned a lot as well.\n\nI am much stronger and well on my way back to normal.
We got there around 8:45 and waited for 1 hour. We noticed there were a lot of seating available, but they made us wait?... The food was good, but is it really $50 worth per person? NO!
They have delicious mashed potatoes, everything else is mediocre.
Fresh bagels hot coffee... They do the basics well. Owners are friendly and present.  Great for quick stop before work.
At first I balked at the entrance fee but I decided hey.. I'd spend that on a couple of spins on a dollar slot so why not a museum? I was completely blown away by the experience, it was so much more than I\n expected.  Loved the adventure :-)
Menu is amazing (drinks especially) but the weekend dance club is AWFUL if you want to talk. I stick to weekday lunches and I'm quite happy.
If you want to be ignored, listen to your bartenders complain about their lives, enjoy a marginal selection of draft beers, and have that true crap Southside experience, this is the place to be.
Overrated! Advice from a local: Skip it.
awesooooooome!!!!! ask for noelle!! great service & fantastic food!!
Had a fabulous night here enjoyed a fabulous meal and wonderful drinks.\n\nCheck out the DC Style with asparagus and shrimp, so good! Service was amazing and we will definitely be back.
Totally ignorant . And I speak of the person that is currently working there . All I did was ask for a pack of cigarettes and begins to talk smack to me about California and some random shit. The eff??
I love Walmart but i HATE this store! No matter what it never fails everytime I come there are ALWAYS long lines, STUPID long wait to check out and atleast ONE thing on my shopping list is out of stock. ALWAYS
Awesome!! Plain and simple.
I'm actaully not a huge fan of sushi, but my friends like to go here. Happy hour here is good, as has been mentioned.
I do love this place. They do my favorite food here, mei fun, and they do it REALLY well. The soup is delicious too! And it comes out pretty fast, which is always a plus.
I had high hopes coming in but ended up disappointed.  Soggy bread and generic fries is really what I walked away with but the meat was pretty good.  Not $14.00 for the meal good but pretty good nonetheless.
Larissa is amazing! I got so many complements on my updo the entire night! Thank you!!
I love their Dilworth but the drive was too long for me. I am glad they open this new location. Their chicken and spicy sauce are great, ah and don't forget the empanadas!
Don't bother placing a to-go order.   They won't start making it until you get there, regardless of what they tell you.   Never again!
This is not a restaurant that I will ever come back to. The food was poorly made, not a representation of the images on the menu. I spent the early portion of my morning and day attending to a very upset stomach after a few bites!
Horrible everything!!  No point in even listing all the bad parts of the show, because it was all bad. What happened to the original show that was so good?!
Thai Peanut Chicken sandwich was really good. Give it a try..........................................
This place has everything! Best bowling alley ever! Love the fact that they have separate adult bowling lanes as well.
Some of the best street mexican food ever. Street style corn and pastor vampiro tacos are legit!
YUCK! i will never go back i was so scared i was going to sick after eating! thank god i didnt but the health dep should take a look! its not pretty!
Food sucked! Service sucked!  Not worth the $90 I paid for 2 people!  \n\nWhen I called my server for a refill, she gave me a look as if I was bothering her.  Never again shall I return to this place!!
Good food!!! But the service was slow...
Very nice arena! I'm only used to going to Warriors' games at the Oracle but i think this was a great facility. Also helped that the Bobcats won their season opener!
The best food here is the pizza. I tried many other items in the menu. The waiter was friendly.
Terrible service! The wait is endless and my order is never correct. This isn't the first time! Terrible service!
The brunch was very tasty and a good value.  The dinner, however, was nothing special.  They had a lot of great choices on the menu, but everything just sort of tasted average.  \n\nThe service was good.  I would suggest going here for brunch.  Dinner is also good, but not amazing.
Excellent experience. Sharon upgraded my already upgraded room.  Next thing I knew, doorbell rings and walks in a server with a bottle of wine.  Also received a 100 dollar certificate to spend on anything I want along with $120 in breakfast certificate.  \n\nAll this is thanks to American Express card.
Best cupcakes I've had so far! The Bugsy, Strawberry Shortcake and Southern Belle are our favorites. You really can't go wrong with any choice.
This place is CLOSED
In my opinion i do not recommend this restaurant to nobody!! It took 1 hour before I get my pupusas!!! I ordered only 3.... Not efficient employees!!!
When you go to an all night IHOP at 3am and see security guards stationed at the entrance, you know you're in the right place.  The service was terrible (but friendly) but the food came out as requested.
love ya kim this place is great!
This place is so much fun with an amazing atmosphere!!! All of our food was delicious and the cocktails are amazing. A really cool twist on Mexican food.  Definately recommend checking it out for a good time!
absolutely amazing show! definite must see! everything was fantastic...the music, the acts, the effects, and the great usage of water. simply entertaining from start to end.
Jesses is good thin crust pizza. The ingredients always taste fresh and not greasy! I love this place! \n\nPlus the people are nice, and they have a good house salad with (i think) home made ranch.  yum!
Amazing service!  Unbelievably polite and fast service.  We called in with some questions and were explained everything about the menu. Food was so good, this place exceeded our expectations. We are definitely coming back and would recommend this place to everyone. Such a great family run vibe.
Hostess did a horrendous job seating people. People were pushing their way in and seating themselves. There was no order at all. We will not be back anytime soon. Hopefully it will be resolved.
one of the more expensive mcdonalds (they can all have different prices) not the fastest in town but the food has always been good- guess you get what you pay for! the inside is always clean so 3 stars it is. the remodel is nice.
Good generic diner food.  Biscuits and gravy were tasty for the first few bites but then became heavy and the flavor overpowering.\n\nPancakes were good, as well as the eggs.  Would eat again if drunk late at night.
Great place for dinners for a date/families. Friendly employees great food and delicious cheesecake.
But they are improving and the rodeo burger is back. Even with that though it is still the worst fast food around.
When you want to feel a taste of home, this is the place. \nAll the Israeli food you can ask for. \nWhen you eat kosher, like me, there are not too many places to choose from, but even if there where, why bother go else where?
Decent place, good margarita's and good service.  I would definitely go back.
Fantastic brunch.  I had the chicken and waffles.  I've had it in the past in other areas of the country and been unimpressed, but DW's C&W were great.  The chicken was very well cooked and the waffles were ok.  And, of course, the bottomless mimosas were also quite good.
A five star review is very rare, this place deserves five stars though. There pizza and wings are amazing and I would recommend this place, and have recommended it to most of my friends. Good date place also!
Will never go back I have see 2 roaches near the sushi bar and one crawling near my plate!! Great staff. Needs to fix the bug problem!!!
We've been a few times because the food is good, but the service is normally pretty slow. More than once we've had to ask for a check or remind someone that we're ready to order.
Having to pay an extra .45 cents just to use a card is not the kind of 'convenience' fee I enjoy. This is a typical Arco AM / PM with a good location at the edge of the Riviera Hotel & across from the Las Vegas Hilton.
Just a seriously awesome dinner. All of the food was exceptional. The service was fabulous. Atmosphere was lovely. Looking forward to coming back.
Service sucked, bagels weren't fully cooked, no guidance walking in, no greeting.
I came here because of man vs food, and I was disappointed. The food was very meh. Not coming back.
Great woodfired pizza. I love the club and greek pizza.Rasberry mojito's are bomb too!
Went here for comedy night. It was awesome! Service was great. I had a great time. Only reason I'm giving it a 3 is cause I haven't tried their food yet
I love this place  for a tasty burger and onion rings.  The Average Joe, cooked rare,  with bacon and egg and I am happy and content.  I am only giving 4 stars because the service is Average.  I'm sometimes lucky if I receive a drink refill.
So mediocre I cannot believe people are seriously reviewing it with better than 3 stars. It isn't cheap. It doesn't taste great. These reviewers must be the same people that give Chipotle 5 stars. Don't go here, eat frozen pizza instead.
Could not find location. Maybe closed? Or wrong address...
Slow in getting our food. It took over 30 minutes after ordering and we arrived before noon. We will not return.
The waitress was really good and I liked the atmosphere but the meal was quite pricey. I wouldn't have minded if the food had tasted better but but me and my wife thought the taste of the food was average at best.
Not impressed at all;(  Bar drinks.....don't waste your money, the food so so....\nActually went twice to make sure that maybe I had just gone on a bad nite.  I wish they would refund our money!!!
Oh!  Not good for us!  We came in on a Friday night, around 9ish.  The place was empty and our table was sticky.  2 stars for attentive service but the food????   With so many other choices why go here?
Service was a little slow but great food and an interesting atmosphere.
The food is is superb, however it is very pricey for Chinese food.  The service is good but half the time I've been there the place is near deserted.  Typical full chinese menu, no real house specialties worth mentioning.
Service is good.. Food is terrible. Low quality, bad preparation....  If the quality to price was more in line I would've given it a higher rating because I don't generally have high expectations for chains but in this case I just don't think the value is there.
Very good, fancy Mexican food! Service is always been a hit or miss at this location. I love the atmosphere and food!
Good quality of food. Reasonable prices. Quick service. Friendly server and a kind owner. Who is up and running, making food and checking in at the customers all the time. Authentic food. The right ingredients for a successful restaurant.
Absolutely terrible i had the brisket sandwich one grill marks on brisket is already suspect but then it doesnt even taste like brisket.  My husband had the pulled pork he said it was ok but not the best only plus side our waitress did a great job but we will not be back low grade food for way too much
This Wells Fargo is right behind my house, but never seems to fail me with their drive thru ATM! It's always down or cash is unavailable! It's a huge inconvenience! Why offer a drive up ATM if it's never working for cash!!! This needs to be fixed!
Nice little Memorial day sale going on...99 cent weed kill and bug spray on sale  used ace rewards card I got in mail for 5.00 freeeeee
I ordered the Athena pizza and I was very disappointed.  There was so much oil on the pizza.  The crust was soggy.
Well it would have been nice if it was open when it said it would be open... My cousin was really looking forward to it too.
Duck with curry and pineapple, medium spiciness...but I thought that it was very harshly spiced... but everyone else seems to like it...so maybe it's just me.
Grease, grease and grease, with grease on top.... then they grease the buns!
My flavor for the Wynn is diminishing.  I'm thinking not to return here anymore.  It's a nice place, but the gambling experience this time left me feeling disappointed.
Sandwiches are good.  They have messed up my order multiple times. They offer to bring me a new one but I opt for the free sandwich on my next order. I have a limted lunch hour and do not have the extra time for them to remake and deliver me another sandwich.
Called the Chandler PD about the sign spinner guy after getting nowhere talking to the manager us egg.  This sign spinner yells a traffic, drops his sign in the roadway, holds a sign out next to traffic over the roadway, etc.\n\nI will NEVER go to this place!!
I wasn't thrilled with their new Specialty Chicken (bacon & tomato), but the BBQ wings & pepperoni pizza were great.  BTW, I received the specialty chicken for free through their Facebook page, so I didn't feel ripped off.
Short of Wrigley field, I have not found a better hot dog than Portillo's.\n\nBTW cake shakes are probably the most underappreciated invention ever.\n\nGo to Portillo's, you'll love it!
I have many other places I could spend 50 dollars for brunch for 2 people!  They ran out of fried chicken before 1 pm. The buffet was just OK.
36.00 for a whole pizza.. the wait was about 30 mins.. did a phone order so i dont have to wait in line.. it's good but i wouldnt say i would wait for this.. the only reason i did it was because my friends wanted to eat this..
Took forever to get tab. Felt ignored
Very good Greek food. Very pleasant staff. One of our favorite places.
I love how I can stop and have a glass of wine in the middle of my grocery shopping. That is all!!
As a school the corporation supplies the students with the cheapest products. Currently this is the most expensive beauty school around but they are flexible on when you can attend which makes this school appealing.\n\nAs a school.....just talk to the students and you'll learn a lot
Their corporate office in California cares about customer service.  They responded within days of my visit and have sent me a voucher for a free meal the next time I'm in the area.
Finally this place close for business. It was not a good place to eat and it go to show it.
What to order:\nMeatballs\nOssobucco\nVeal Milanese\nTiramisu
Heard about this place on Man vs Food... went here with my folks who were in visiting from out of town. Amazing waitresses and the food was outstanding!
friendly staff and they take their time to make your drink RIGHT! definitely a good place to try.
The food is still ok.. Not as good as it used to be about a year back.. Waitress have no manners and are grumpy...
Pretzel burger with portobello mushrooms and onion straws! I ordered broccoli as my side. It was prepared perfectly!\nOur server was attentive and very friendly.\nI mentioned it was my birthday and she brought me a cute and yummy cupcake!
Happy Hour is the best. The chips, salsa and bean dip are phenomenal.\n\nI come here often for happy hour and always have their Mexican Pizza. Pretty tasty. Their Margaritas are also delish. Letty is usually bartending, she's great. Very friendly and attentive.
Got my first tattoo here today and loved it!   The place is clean and very comfortable. Jess did my tattoo and she is awesome!!  She also did my husbands and we were both very happy with her work and with the place. Would definitely recommend and go back.
My first and last time there. A rude woman did a very bad pedicure very quickly without caring to look at her job. I thought the place is good, so the salon will be. But i left disappointed
Super clean fresh fish!! Best sushi I've had off strip!
Really!?!?  Felt rushed everytime I was there. Nail techs. Only have 30 min for A fill. :( I like personal time and touch
By far the tastiest restaurant in Casa Grande, highly recommend the food, service, and atmosphere!
This place is slow
Honestly,... I simply can't deal with the cheap furniture... It's just me...ugh...
= = = = = = CLOSED = = = = = =\n\nThis place has folded again.  The food was fine, but it's just a hopeless location for such a business!
We were here this month and enjoyed the food here. We usually don't do buffets because of the poor quality of food, but found this one was pretty good.
Giagantic portions....much too much food......$50 for two sandwiches and a drink....much too much money
The pho was just mediocre. The thing i hate most was it was located next to the smoke shop. So the cigarette smoke bothered me the whole meal. The iced tea they used was weird. It tasted like coffee and tea. Oh, and the lighting was so dimmed that made me sleepy.
The food are terrible, and I can find much more better buffet nearby at the same price.  Its only worth $10, but they actually charge $30 + tips for dinner. Try to avoid this place.
I can't begin to understand how the ratings for this place are so high. The food doesn't even live up to mediocre and the surroundings; just gross. This is where Vegas visitors go to cry in their drinks. The only reason I give as high as two stars is because the servers were so nice and very quick.
I just visited this red lobster and it was great. The ambiance of the restaurant isn't typical of red lobsters I've previously seen. My waitress was really great- my order was taken fast and food came out quick. My waitress Tracy was really good about checking on the table, which was nice!
IHOP is an OK place to go for breakfast or a pancake craving. You won't find anything amazing and the pancakes are probably as good as you can make at home, but it's a place that you can count on to be open at really late hours, which is nice. I like their chocolate chip pancakes!
Too crowded, a maize in this place.
Best place to get your watch resized! The staff is so friendly and informative. Also very reasonable pricing to get my watch resized!
I went in with low expectations and was still disappointed.  Dry and bland everything.  Tries to be a cheap-ish place and then charges ridiculous prices. Everything on the menu costs 2-3 times more than it should.
Never been anywhere quite like it.  Full of well-oiled people (in a good way) before noon on a Saturday, an angel singing tunes with her guitar in the corner, some decent microbrewery beer and just the right sort of food to wash down with it.
Pretty decent. As usual, it's not as good as Yogurtland. There was only 2 tart flavors, 1 of which was Sour Apple, so that barely counts. They have a decent selection of toppings.
Worst case of food poising EVER.  Probably the cheese on my pizza.  The only good thing is I lost 7 pounds in 3 days.
The food is actually quite good however a restaurant is only as good as it's service and the service stinks. Our server did nothing more than waltz around the room and seemed to ignore not only our table but everything around him... Strange but true.
Still no response from Silverton on the Customer Service, I guess this how the business is run.
We came around 5:30pm and were seated right away.  Our server was excellent and so was the food. Will definitely be back again!
Parking is always a problem here. If you can actually find parking then they are usually out of whatever soup or baked good you are craving.
Excellent tasty unique tacos at a low price - couldn't ask for more. Gets very busy at lunch - prepare to wait, or try not to go during the 11:30-1:30 window.
It's really a place to watch sports have drinks. That's it didn't like the food there. It's probably cause its just meant for sports and drinks. Since I'm not a fan of either its definitely the wrong place for me. But for those who like drinks and sports this would be your spot!
Having just moved to Matthews, I wanted to find a great place to have a beer and watch sports.  Kristopher's is just that.  They have a good local craft selection and a nice hometown feel.  I'll be back.
The food is awesome and you can pack as much as you want in the bowl and still take some home with you.  It is perfect as leftovers the next day! I would definitely keep going back!
Pass on this one I ordered one of the coconut soups very bland chicken poor quality no pizzazz not worth the money or the trip over there
Had lunch buffet last week. It was a good meal but still disappointed compared to what I paid. Also disappointed that the variety of food is far less than what I expected, maybe because it was lunch, not dinner.
The staff is always funny, polite and make great coffee. If they occasionally are backed up or the coffee isn't 100%, they give me my next one free. The regular staff all know my name and my order.
they make smaller tables wait longer to be sat and the food is not that great you can get better food at mid level steakhouse
Stopped here to grab a hot coffee but made the mistake of asking \"with sugar\". It was so sweet that it felt like having sugar syrup so my advise would be to skip the sugar or stick with Starbucks.
my girlfriend and i have been there twice, and twice we have gotten upset stomachs, there were green bugs in the menus, friendly people, but get passed off to a different person both times, stay away from this place
We got the brisket sandwich for 17 bucks. They give you a lot of meat but there is no flavor in the brisket. It wasn't very tender and on top of that, they have no sauces. So if you like eating dry brisket that you can't swallow, come here.
This restaurant should be called BLT Milkshake because the milkshakes were some of the best I've tried.  The burger on the other hand was below par for the price.  It was a bit dried because the patty was overcooked.  The milkshake is the star and definitely worth the fly by.
The gentlemen here are always welcoming and nice. My wife LOVES coming here. Reasonable prices as well.
The jewel of downtown Las Vegas hotels by far. We stayed in the older Carson Tower, but it's still way above any other hotel in this area. Staff was very helpful and friendly.
receptionist was very nice. people compensate for lack of conditions. conditions were according to the price.
Great customer service! Efrain at front desk knows what customer service is All about. Clean rooms, will be coming here again
Had a real good time at this adult fun center with two full-size pool tables and a menagerie of assorted games all over with a center bar.  Very roomy atmosphere, a bed in the middle.  Who knows what goes on there?  A fun center for adults.  Cool first date place or place to hang out with your buddies.
These reviews are so right this is the worst store I have ever been to. There is a man who works there named Jason that is the rudest person I have ever met.  I have only found one sales person in there that knows what they are doing and has a good attitude.
DA BOMB!
Tried La Moulin Rouge and it was okay. The place was a bit too packed and noisy though. We'd probably still go back for the beer.
The place is good. Not great but good. I was expecting a lot since I have been to some amazing public houses around the world. However, they are doing it right. There are a few small things they could fix but it is nothing to distract from a pleasant evening at the place.
I've had pizza everywhere and this is the best I've had.   If you don't like it the first time, try it again because your missing something.     It's simple and fresh and done right.
Great place to try new beers. This is the best place to watch sports in Charlotte hands down!
Today, two clerks at the Eastern store insisted that \"Extra Dry\" champagne was drier than \"Brut.\"   WRONG!!!
Came here before a show at Hooters.  The drinks are good and I had a Cesar Salad which was crisp and the dressing was very good too.  I tried my bf's sandwich and it was very tasty too.
This show was excellent! The traditional circus acts mixed with the adult humor was a perfect combo in the intimate setting of the tent. The acts definitely had that wow factor and the humor had us laughing so much! We loved the decor too.
If there was a zero this place would deserve it!  Horrible food and even worse service!  I had a breakfast sandwich and a coke!  $20.00!  No refill on the coke or anything!  Skip this dump!
Good service, very helpful... Holy expensive batman! I'm willing to pay a little more to support local business but this seems excessive. I know they'll be better than the Internet flowers but for more than twice the price... Not that much better!
Love this l place! we had the seafood platter, salad and escargo (excuse my spelling) it was just delicious! When I go places one thing I look for in a place is service and he was an absolute delight I would definitely go back if I lived in Vegas.
The food and service are OK.  I will go back.  I had the Ahi Dish it was under seasoned.  I will try something else next time.
I love DD! Their coffee is the best. But this particular location has really gone down in the customer service. There is usually no line and they are consistently rude when ordering and at the window. Whats the deal??? Great coffee, rude people. Thats a bummer.
Don't!
Crowded and overpriced, but still worth a quick visit.  Take a peak at all four floors, because among the piles of junk there are a few funny and innovative ideas.  Best photo op - the M&M's candy bar with its enormous row of multicolored cannisters.
Had a blast here! The DJ killed it. Such a fabulous selection of music. Drink prices are kinda pricey but all the clubs are like this. I loved the atmosphere of this place. Would definitely come again. The view outside is gorgeous.
If you can stop by and get some coffee on a beautiful afternoon please do so. The open air coffee shop serves top notch coffee, comfy chairs, and relax atmosphere.
In town from Los Angeles yelped for pizza and VERY happy with the pizza we ordered!  The pizza, wings, and salad we're very good.  It was delivered promptly and customer service was excellent.  If your in town don't hesitate to try them;)
We were looking for \"hole in the wall Mexican\" and yelp led us here. We ate in. Food was out and on our table within 3 minutes (no exaggeration). Food was delicious... Tacos were a bit greasy
Excellent BBQ!  Three in my family ate different menu items, each was great, especially the pulled pork.  Loved the sauce, roll and free pickles too.
I stopped by here today (08/20/11) and the store was closed with a real-estate management sign stating it was \"For Lease\" in the window. Too bad!!! They had good food and coffee. :^(
The service is impeccable! The food incredible, and we never miss a chance to spend a quiet relaxing evening surrounded by the awesome staff at The Charcoal Room. One of our favorite spots!!!
Best food I have ever had with the best view of Las Vegas!
Don't get the chicken noodle soup. No chicken. Just a pile of thin noodles in a bowl then you pour Luke warm yellow broth over it.  You have to pay extra for tomato and lettuce on sandwiches. Split a sandwich and add the fixin's
The two stars are for the young lady that helped us purchase the glasses. The doctor barely said 5 words to me, didn't go over his findings of my sons exam and just seemed all around kind of creepy. We won't be returning.
Veggie bur for errors no bun, amazing,  great customer service, always made great, very clean and friendly
The most horrible, disgusting, greasy, stinky Mexican food in the world. Fajitas was greasy and stinky, shrimps in shrimp taco were so small you couldn't see them. We were 7 people, nobody could eat their horrible food. Stay away!
great food and service. wait staff knew the menu well and very attentive
Must have when im in Vegas...I always order pastor and asada tacos ..Oh the quesadillas are delicious too..Cant wait to go back this July.
Avoid this place at all costs. The employees are rude. Their bag searches are unethical and bordering on unconstitutional. There are several fire code/health code violations. It doesn't matter how cheap the tickets are for outdated movies, the experience is miserable.
Giants need a new spring training park. It's cool and all, but nothing compared to the new cactus league yards. \n\nYo Yo
Update this store nor verizon fixed the problem! I stand by what I say when you buy something from this store make sure you get what you pay for make sure its in your bag before you leave the store!  Watch the sales people to make sure they don't rip you off!
horrible. thank god it was comped dinner still it was not good at all
The white cheddar was a BIG HIT at our wedding-it was the only flavor we ran out of! Thank you Popped for providing us with the perfect treats for our popcorn bar. Our guests haven't stopped complimenting it!
Very nice people and services. I ordered to-go of wings and chips. wings are deep fries, not bad. Chips come with house salsa. I don't like the salsa which is chili but no tomato or other veggie which made it not really good with chips.
The cheese pizza was excellent, but the cannolis were atrocious. Although listed as plain, they tasted as if someone poured a jar of cinnamon on them. They were inedible. Pretty tough to achieve with a cannoli.
Expensive and the service is hit or miss yet the food is good.
Everytime I come here service is superb, food is great, location is near my home. When they get busy is when space is extremely limited.  Overall rating is 4 stars
How did this place go down hill so fast!! It just opened and is already a dump with terrible employees. Serious health and safety violations. Gross.
Their sign out front says \"Best in Las Vegas\" and I fully agree. I have been to a few different spots to get a haircut but I have only gone back to Elliott & Co. Great atmosphere and they know their business.
This is my 2nd favorite mall to go to in Metro Phoenix area after Scottsdale Fashion Square.  It's a bit far for me to travel to since  live all the way in North Scottsdale.  All the shops here have their goods and bads and the design of this mall is very interesting.  Overall mall / window shopping experiences were all good.
The manager and/or bouncer was about as rude as could be. My wife didn't have her iD so he pretty much made our visit as unpleasant as possible. Won't go back.
Absolutely terrible service.  Sat at the table for 10 minutes before the waiter even stopped by to take a drink order, and he was rude the entire evening. Same if not worse experience waiting to order food.  Food was not good.  Would not recommend to anyone.
I had a bad time at this resort, roaches coming out of the sink and tub every time I came back from going out. Maids making loud noises in the early morning waking me up. Room smelled bad with the scent of old food.
Finally a good Vietnamese spot!!
Great service, great food.  Why can't I get Thai food this good in Palm Springs?  Fresh, tasty and authentic ingredients.
Great service,i had a problem with my heater and called them to fix my problem,I absolutely made the right choice. The technician was in time and very polite explain what was the problem and how will he fix it,knowledgeable guy,and plus he worked so clean,I definitely recommend  them.
Agree with other reviews. Sushi and rolls were amazing because the fish is so fresh.  The special dishes that we got were expensive and okay. I would stick with sushi and rolls. Service was okay; I think our waitress was new.
Good service early in the morning plus food was hot right off the grill no wait time wow
We went to the VH1 Rock Honor Awards  after party  which I believe was in the VIP area - so not sure about the typical crowd or main area but it was a fun venue.  The bartenders and servers were incredibly friendly, the music was great, the food decent and unusual, fun, new drinks were served.   I'd definitely go back.
If I could give 0 stars I would, they ruined my nails and made the edges of them all bleed by her nails. I will never go here again I hope they go out of business cause of how rude and disrespectful they are.
Bugs, This place has bugs! The last time we were here our friend has bugs crawling in her lettuce... I think we won't be back for a long time. Its too bad because RR generally has some of my favorite burgers.
Good food, but a little expensive.  Their cable cars are delicious.  Food was good, but not great.  For breakfast, I'd recommend going to the buffet at the Bellagio instead - it was much cheaper, and the food was about as good.
Went for lunch and the service was great. We got the lunch specials and the food was delicious! Food came out fast. I will definitely go back.
Was in last night. Tried their Peach Ale for the first time, and enjoyed it thoroughly. Service was great, not too crowded. Ordered the gumbo soup, which was hearty and had a good taste. Plenty of sports to watch on tv, kudos to the bartenders.
Not great food however service was excellent - especially the hostess - don't order the corn chowder or beer (not cold enough)! Ordered the Big Blue Burger (the blue cheese was very strong, over powered the beef - not cooked to order and not worth the cost!
I also have only been here for the lunch buffet and it's great.  Affordable pirce for all you can eat pizza and salad.  The staff is really friendly, they keep the pizzas fresh and take requests as well.  Oh and the pizza is really good.  Perfect for lunch with friends during the work week.
My bf and I wanted to try something different so we decided on hot and juicy. So glad we did, service was fast and super friendly! Our server Aubree ROCKED! Super sweet and very knowledgable of the menu. Some of the most flavorable shellfish we've had anywhere.
Awesome service, XOXO
It is not worth its price. The food was not as fresh as expected and not appetizing. For the price Wynn Buffett is much more worth the price.
They are the best pizza along with the best service.  My favorite pizza place in Las Vegas.  Thin crust is the way to go. :)
Nice bar with very good selection and attentive staff. I had a good time here before going to see a show at the Cosmo pool. I did not try the food, but maybe next time. I enjoyed this place.
**For standard room only**\n\nEverything is really clean, no odor, and would definitely stay here again. Staff is super friendly and helpful. What makes this even more awesome is I got it for free. I play the my vegas app on my phone and used my point to her this room!
